I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed. Oh, yes, he did. Okay, you know there's a lot of things I need to be fixed in their relationship. Sadly the terrible trip, but okay. Yeah, honestly, okay, so it opened up with them. Finally getting together dates going well and then ish pops the big question Honestly though. I thought what did you think was in that box? Because I okay thought it was going to be like I thought was going to be a key to the house. I thought it was going to be a ring. Yeah, that's why I was just like whoa, okay. And I knew he was going to pop a question, but I thought it was going to be like, oh my gosh is he really about to ask her to marry him and I'm like, but it was just a necklace. So that was good. I know it was like all that anticipation for Li Hua. I've got a reaction to is like, oh, thanks so nice, like right think she was expecting some maybe your ring or key, right beside a necklace any made it all dramatic like I got something for you and this box like just getting some worm. It was a small box for that long necklace right supposed to be like there. They definitely know what Doing they're trying to trick us. I think it was a ring or something. But either way was a necklace it was gorgeous so good for them. And then after that, he pops the big question not to marry them but asking her to move in with him in La what are your thoughts on that? Doesn't she have any live in LA didn't she move like right isn't she moving? And I moved to LA to be an actress and it's just here for the summer. So I'm confused. I'm like why ever it was like such a big deal like Ola like don't I want to live there I guess. Yeah, she lives there but I guess now living with him like actually living but I mean they made it sound like oh my God, you're moving to La. It's like you already moved to LA. Like that's not that big of a deal. Is it? I know it's not that big of a deal but like her moving in with him. Now that that's a big deal. I mean, I just feel like the relationship is moving so fast, seriously. I feel like they haven't been dating that long. It's been They said what month it is July because it was Fourth of July this weekend. They've been dating for maybe like four months or something. Definitely wasn't six months. Yeah, it hasn't been long and then you're going to ask her to move in with you and you already know that the parents don't approve. So it's not that's not a new factor for you. So the fact that you would do that without even Consulting the parents and then you kind of gave her the backbone to be like you're an adult you can kind of do what you want and I'm here for you and I would love for them to approve but you can do what you want to do. Right and then for him to kind of flip the script on her at the end of episode I kind of was very like yeah thrown off by the entire thing. I was thrown off to its I feel like he's there's so much conflicting going on between him and her you know, yeah, like you said he's saying to her. Oh, you're grown. You can make your own decisions, you know, this is our relationship not theirs, but then at the same time, I mean, I feel like they both especially Madison but him to her family's approval is everything at the end of the day because they're it's a big Thing, you know, it's if they're going to move forward in their relationship. You have to have the families back otherwise was going to be problems but for him to ask her to move in. Yeah, I personally thought that was that was too soon too much too soon because again, you know, like I said, there are fair her family's important their opinion and everything and for them to already have an issue with that relationship to begin with and then now they're trying to rush things. It's going to make things even more complicated but I think like the parents obviously having a valid point. I ain't right because at the end of the day it is about thinking through your future. So if you're doing but I do understand being young and wanting to just be impulsive and like act and just move in with your boyfriend like that's normal and I get that too, but it's cute when you're 24 and 25 and you do this not when you're 23 and 46, right? Okay. It's a completely two different spectrums two different ideas of look what life is I've never heard them talk about children if she even wants kids. I don't you know. We don't know but I just as a parent you're kind of like okay, you're doing too much. You're getting too serious. And I think they see it kind of has like he's taking her away and like locking her up with the key. Like I think that's how the parents feel, you know, exactly and it's interesting because in that date that they had after he brought it up and moving in. She mentioned that her family was going to come to visit her sister and her parents and then he was just like, oh I would like to see them, you know, he would actually wanted to see them again and even Madison was just like kind of thrown off she was Like, oh are you sure that's a good idea even after all that's happening and he's like, oh, I don't want us to hide away from your family, you know, and he's giving her the confidence to be like, I have your bag exact. So the fact that the end of the episode when he decides that he's going to break up with her. Hmm. I was kind of like, what did you think he was thinking like, what do you think he was thinking? I why would he do that? You know, honestly after they met up and stuff like the family and after that one down, you know when he brought The idea to them her family to her for her to live with him. And obviously that one left. We all saw that that one left the father even the sister Paige who is she was heavily relying on page at least to have their back but she was just like no that's not happening. So after that's happened is she was just like, okay. I don't know if this is really going to work is she wasn't really thinking things through because obviously, you know, it's a beginning of the relationship. They're all happy and all that. I don't care how old you are, you know, when you're new in a relationship. It's exciting. You're not thinking things through but then reality is Really hitting like all the issues is with the age Gap and not even just the age Gap but everything just moving forward because things are going to naturally I feel like four ish happen fast because he's at a point in his life where he's moving in that direction, but then Madison still young she's in her 20s, and she still trying to figure life out. You know, she may think that she's mature and you know, I feel like out of the group she is kind of the most mature person but then again, it's like you still did she still does have some more growing to do so, it's there's this a lot of conflict there, but we are definitely going to get in. That before we get into that speaking of growing up and being mature. We actually see them reunite with Brandon Brandon an ish actually talk it out. They hash things out and Brandon makes the move to apologize. What did you think about that was great. I thought that was a really big move for Brandon Brandon blew up last time. We saw him with a - so the fact that he was able to kind of like be grown and express himself and say like, okay, you know, what be man enough to apologize. I love that and that they were talking they seem to have a lot in common and it was I think obviously everything's better when everyone's getting along with the maturity going backwards at the same time, but whatever will get into that and even at that party that they were at Alyssa and Chloe were talking and that conversation was interesting to me because That's when Chloe was telling Alyssa about you know, Alex and Juliet six our phone conversation. And then Alyssa, we already see that she has concerns with Alex because obviously Alex has that reputation. I mean who wouldn't be concerned and Alyssa was asking Chloe for advice on just how to deal with Alex because I think what their relationship it's interesting because I feel I like Alyssa. I mean, I don't know how you guys think or how you think but I actually like Alyssa. I think she's definitely mature. ER and I think in a way she's bringing out the best in Alex. I don't know if you've seen that but I really feel like Alex in this season particularly is slowly maturing a little bit when he's around Alyssa only because he has to the thing is that I love Alyssa. I think she's a really no BS no-nonsense type person and I think that's the best you know with Alex. I feel like he almost needs like a mom figure and I'm not saying like a mom like you but I mean like someone that's kind of like Can you exactly your moments like a little bit of micromanaging what I think he needs that because you give him too much of a leash and he's like all over the place. So Alyssa the able to kind of like reel him in and be like, you know what actually I'm not feeling what you said. I'm not feeling this Vibe. I you lied to me about this. I'm feeling uncomfortable and he has to address it. And the thing is every single time someone addresses something with him. He always backs into a corner and blames the other person and never takes responsibility, but I loved the cheese still. Continues to stay on him to be like no, like don't give out of her. Don't get Maddie Chloe exactly. When you the truth and you need to be telling me the truth really that's what the main problem is. Don't be trying to put it on Khloe like problem is you need to be talking to me exactly. I feel like in this episode with that situation. Everybody's kind of at fault here, but then this is where it started when Chloe and Alyssa were talking and that's when Chloe revealed that oh before Alex spoke to you at that last party in the last episode. Chloe actually said that she was the one to tell Alex to Talked to Alyssa. See now. This is where I have a problem with Chloe. Okay, here we go guys. You're messy your messy. I just want to let you know like you did not have to tell Alyssa that you prompted him to tell her about Juliette. You didn't have to do that. And I feel like it was just like a way to kind of like T's information out of Alyssa, or see if what Alex told Alyssa was matching up with what she knows and it was just like a messy like if you're going to be Alex's friend be Alex's friend like stop trying to pretend. A girlfriend and then being like no. She's my friend and claim her as your friend when it's like you have no loyalty. I talked about this before you need to pick a side if you're going to be Alex's friend in you just let Alex tell Alyssa what he's going to tell her and be over and there's no girl code because you're not even friends with Melissa. I mean, yeah. Yeah, but it's just it's so okay, obviously, everybody knows I'm team Khloe and you know even just looking at it from two perspectives from a reality like a viewer perspective obviously as a viewer. I want somebody to call Somebody out on their BS and you know, obviously Alex has a lot of BS that needs to be called out on and Chloe does that for me and for him and all that and I loved it. But then when you're in the situation, I understand it's like yeah, you have to pick a side but then looking at through like Khloe's point of view, you know, it's tough because knowing who Alex is and he screwed over so many women so many girls has feelings have been hurt because of him and you know, what is Chloe two dudes on the oh, no, don't be his friend. If you feel that strongly about someone that you're hanging out with the guard histories friendship though doesn't matter like if you this is my thing if you have a strong opinion about someone to where you don't like the way he treats women, right? You don't like the way he's treated you in the past because let's not forget last season you guys run a whole argument for most of the season and he was calling you all types of names and being all types of crazy toward you right? So it's like if you don't like the way he treats women you don't like the way he treats you because he clearly doesn't like it. And respectful and can't take responsibility for himself like a child. Mmm, then don't be friends with him. It's really that simple so don't act like oh Alex. I'm just calling you out on your message. And then I'm going to get mad and walk out know like I'm trying to have Girl Code. No, but then again, I don't even think it's all Chloe that's tries to be like friends with his girlfriend's because it's in this situation. Alyssa was asking Chloe for advice and I feel like Juliet did the same thing Chloe put herself in a position to be asked for advice. You get me like if - her it's Alex's best friend. She knows Alex is deepest darkest Secrets it this my thing. This is my thing. Right? I have a best friend a guy best friend. He had a girlfriend for like two years when I tell you I've only met the girl twice. Okay, and it was very cordial when we met and even with my other guy friend to like his girlfriend. It's like I've only seen you twice and it's friendly and it's I don't have there's no beef. It's just I don't need to become your best friend because you're dating my friend. You got me. It's distance. It's a respect level like I'm going to let you handle how you handle it. I'm not going to be involved in it at all because it's not in my business you get me, so it's like I let you live your life. So if you want to call me you call me. If you don't want to call me. You don't call me if you don't like there's Like the I feel like the expectation and the standard changes when you're best friends of an opposite sex now have a significant other like you now need to like release the reins, right? Like if they're single do you all day long call them text him every they have a significant other you gotta back off. So I feel there's boundaries I get it. I understand I agree but obviously Chloe does not know those boundaries and it ends up backfiring once again a girl Chloe. Oh my goodness. When Alex finally confronts her now this situation this Alex this is this just shows how immature Alex is, you know after Alyssa had that conversation with Chloe. She then took it back to Alex and we saw that you know, Alyssa confronted Alex about it. She wanted him to be like, oh, why didn't you say that Chloe was the one to tell you to tell me about this because Alex made it seem like he took the responsibility or he took the initiative, right? And he did and he did not at all, right so eventually and then this is when Alex started getting It and mad and then like you said, he's the type of person that deflects. The flex of Lexus is exactly what Khloe said that those were her words deflecting deflecting deflecting last season, he likes and deflect the responsibility or the blame to Chloe is always Chloe because you know, she's always in some s she is always in some ass. Yes, but it is what it is and now Alex is getting mad like right in front of Alyssa and this is what I love about. This is one of the things I love about Alyssa her maturity. She was like don't get angry with Chloe, you know. Take some responsibility Alyssa and that situation wanted Alex to be like just admit to his wrong admit that oh, I should have done this at the end of the day. It's like when you're in a relationship friendship or boyfriend girlfriend, it's like you want someone that's going to just take responsibility. Like exactly forget about how it came out forget about who told me what like did you say this? Did you do this like own up to it? And let's move on like I don't want to have to sit here and try to like play detective. Like I already know what it is. So just admit to it and let's move on exactly. I agree a hundred percent. I agree with you. I agree with Lissa and then again, this is why we love her. So now of course Alex can't let it go and then of course he has to put Chloe out on blast in front of everyone front of everyone which is again very immature Alex. I'm sorry. If you have an issue, especially with your best friend pull her aside don't embarrass her in front of everybody because then it totally like backfire. I felt so bad for Khloe. I felt like everybody was attacking her out of nowhere. I mean Amanda Amanda out of nowhere, I think and you know what it is. The reason why Amanda stepped in Hey afterbuzzers, before we move on to your next topic. We just want to say thanks to our sponsor. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Plus there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Also anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor. To get started was because what Chloe had mentioned before about JJ because we now see Amanda and JJ have been getting a little closer. I think they're trying to rekindle their relationship. Oh goodness, but then Chloe was the one to remind Amanda what he did to her five years ago. So she was just I think and that's the thing and this is what Alyssa mentioned to in this episode is that yeah. Chloe does have a habit of meddling into people's relationships, but she it's coming from a good heart. She's looking out for people. It is even though it is messy. It's always going to be messy when you're trying to look out for everybody. Again, that's the thing. You can't look out for everybody. Like everybody is not your friend. And that is my point because it gets messy and it gets crazy because there's going to be secrets and things that are going on and you can't just be out here spreading everybody's business. This is my thing. Chloe's and everybody's business because she doesn't have any business business of her own like who's talking about Chloe nobody because she doesn't have anything going like get you a man. It's your man and you will stay out. Everybody else's business because I swear to you when you're invested in someone because all everyone's been coupled up for the most part like so far three seasons. We have not seen Chloe with a significant other. I love interest nothing. So she's always just been in everyone else's relationships, but I'm saying with once you get into your own you're going to be connected in a different way to that person. So yeah, you're going to let them get away with a few things. You would have let them get away with you're going to let them say some stuff you're going to let them slide back in the DMs. Like it's just human nature. It is what it is. So she needs to find her. Some of that so she can stay on. Oh, it's like I would say that too. But then again it's like if Chloe ends up like all these other people that are getting all coupled up on the show. Then she's going to get into some crazy drama of her own and do with the cheaters and having to share her boo with everybody else. Like I think I think she might be a buyer new man somewhere else. I think she might be we don't know for sure cause we're only seeing it on TV, but I'm sure she's got you know somebody or to she does, you know, like off camera. So it's like Chloe's doing her thing. She's just keeping her dating life for private, I think. So good for you, but you know, what else is she going to do while she's on this song? Of course, she's going to meddle into everybody's relationships that honestly I live for it. I really do because I just I love the drama I do this is call everybody out. I love it. So continue to do you girl so yeah, like I said and backfires and Alex calls her out asking him asking her. Oh, are you part of this group or are you team Juliet and then Chloe then backfires and calls him out on oh, why aren't you making it? Official with Alyssa, so that's when things get crazy and that's when Amanda gets involved because of and has already kind of mad at the fact that she had to sense the JJ and everything. So it just went totally left and even saw Alyssa trying to calm Alex down. It was like, oh don't it seem like Alyssa, even though she could have done a better job having Chloe's back, but she did try she did she did she did. Yeah. I mean, there's no fault analysis part. I'm here for Amanda. I Normally, like I don't necessarily like her energy, but I'm fine with her call and Khloe out because I just feel like it's just none of your business. Hmm. I don't know. I feel like I'm a know could have just been like you know thing is like the just situation is so much bigger than it needs to be now. So it was like you said what you said to Alex Alex said what he said to you he didn't tell you the truth you found out that you're going to meddle again right with Juliet. So now you know, so it's like they're the mystery is over. Mmm. So there's no need for you to continue to stay. Tear it up when you already know what it is. So he chooses to let his girlfriend. Let him lie, she'll figure it out soon enough. Yeah, you know, it's crazy. But you know, Chloe eventually leaves. She leaves the whole trip early and then nice it is gone and booked a ticket the same day. I was like must be nice right by her own ticket, but Alex bought it for her. But I mean if you already bought like a way there and back and now you just have to flight early. I mean that's like a two or $300 like difference. You have to pay to change your flight, right? I think I must be nice. I probably would have actually stayed but just maybe going on somewhere else away from the group. But I mean, that's just me. I'm not rich like they are right. We'll see but yeah, so it went left and that sucked for Chloe. Oh my gosh, but let's not forget. Okay, let's not forget that first of all there in Georgia that that was the quickest trip. We didn't see any planes any suitcases being packed. It was just like the next thing they're in Georgia. I was like, okay. I'm so confused. Like who's in Georgia? Who are the who are the people that were injured? Georgia but so Jared is in Georgia and let's not forget his little love interest, right? Okay, that was cute. But they were hooking up wait you are they though or not? Okay, because he had apparently too much tequila and it was not going down. It wasn't going down. He was blaming it on the alcohol. Right? Was it really that alcohol or was he still thinking about Jessica? You never know probably probably a little bit of both. But yeah, I mean We ought to I love Jared I really do and I really do hope he finds his happiness or whoever it may be if it's not with Jessica. I was hoping that they would rekindle something but even they both agree that they're just no good for each other. So it is what it is. But yeah this new girl. Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I think I'm not sure about those two, actually. I mean, I they just met and they're really Russian things, but then again, I don't know if it's going to be actually a serious thing that develops, but I guess we'll stay tuned for that. Either way. I just hope Jared's happy. E and hopefully he can resolve his will issue its he's house going on, but we'll see and moving on to other news. There are two parties going on at the same time. So it wasn't the Georgia party on Fourth of July, but it was also the Siesta Key party. That's where everybody was except for Juliet, which was interesting because she actually thought Alex was going to be there right? So that's why she didn't go but I was responsible of her to decide to work instead. Yeah. She already took like two weeks off to go to Greece. So I mean might as well work that holiday just saying but yeah afterwards after that trip, that's when she met up with Chloe and that's when Chloe was telling her everything that went on how she left the trip early because of everything and then, you know Juliet and that scene. It was just that scene was happening at the same time that Alyssa and Alex were talking about it. They were both kind of like talking about what happened that incident, you know, when Liat and Chloe were talking about a Chloe was telling Juliet everything that happened and they came to the conclusion that Alex does have feelings for Juliet. I mean everybody knows that and I think Alex even admitted it he did it. He was like, I'm don't want to be with her but it did I've been with her for four years. It doesn't just go away overnight right and like they just broke up four months ago. Don't you think it's a little soon that he's asking to listen to be his girlfriend. That's what I'm saying. You think it's annoying that she was pressing for it though. She was like, so what are we doing? Blah blah blah. He just broke up with somebody for months ago. What can you be doing? That's what I'm saying. I feel like they're every relationship is moving a little too fast for me because like this is happening within just like two to three to four months this summer. This is all happening in one summer. It's got to be summer the summer Vibes. I think people just feel what type of way when it's summertime. It's just I don't think Alex is ready to be in a relationship. He's never ready to be in a relationship honestly, but it's like in this particular situation. He still has feelings for Juliet. He knows that he admitted it even a list of new and I thought I didn't know like they were going to free to be officially together together when Alex was just like asking Alyssa to be his girlfriend. I was surprised that Alyssa agreed right away. I was I thought she was going to be like, I think we need more time to kind of figure this out and for you. I think Alex needs to kind of sort his feelings out. Yeah. Okay, obviously, we're human feelings don't fade away just overnight, but I think again with time they will and I think he needs to kind of sort that situation out because you know, it seems like the drama still continues with him and his feelings with Juliet and then Chloe's And it's just a lot of back and forth and Chloe's in the middle obviously is always between Juliette and Alyssa and Alex and it's just it's tough. It's really tough when you're trying to figure out where Chloe's loyalties really lie. Cuz you know after that crazy trip, she's hanging out with Juliet dishing it out everything so I don't know what's going on with that. But I guess we'll see we shall on the next episode next season. I have no idea. So that happened and then let's see even a little yeah. I like I said she mentioned that Khloe's coming from a good place with her meddling and I think with Alex so I think the reason why he one of the reasons why he gets the way he is what I'm what I mentioned before with Alex. I feel like he's different in this relationship because he's really protective over it and even admitted it to Alyssa and because I've we all see it. I feel like Alyssa is like the one for him only because she just doesn't allow herself to get mixing into the drama like I think everyone. This is kind of like Fairweather friends or they kind of just feel like the wind blows over here and then the other the one blows and they're back over here. So it's like it was hard to like keep track and then you know, they're like Alex you lied and then Alex lies and then they believe the lie and it's like she doesn't do that. She did. She's like no you were lying to me. I'm not here for that and I'm letting you know, but that doesn't work for me. So it's a different. It's like a boundary exactly now not able to like cross exactly and that's what I like about Alice. I think she the way He just carries herself in these situations. It's very different from Juliet because you know, I mean I love Juliet but she's very emotional really she's not I don't think she's capable to date somebody like Alex because like you said before Alex needs somebody that's always going to continuously like check him and that's what Alyssa does and I think you know, I think this relationship could work once you know, they figure everything out. I mean eventually will work because they'll have to I mean, I'm just saying but yeah so we can talk about it. We talked about it already. She's pregnant. We all know so obviously they're going to work it out. They're still together so good for them. And now we're getting to the end of the episode after all that going back to Madison and it's just conversation which was just out of the blue, but with everything that happened it makes sense. Do you think you know, we all know ish broke it off after you know, he was having second thoughts about her moving in and now he's also having second thoughts about the a ship after the family kind of just was just like, okay. No, this is not going to work the age you got everything is now actually just getting super super real and Madison was just like, oh I don't care about my family. I'm if this is what I want. I want to make my own decisions. Why won't anybody make my own decisions and she's really upset about that. And so it's the sides. Okay, you know what we need to break. We need to break it up and I I feel that that was good on issues part to be honest. I mean, we all saw this coming Right. What did you think about that? I just thought it was like shocking. I don't know. I didn't think at first he was breaking up with her. I just thought it was like, okay like we're going to not move in together. So like will still stay together just not moving together. And so yeah, so when he was like we need a break when I'm done with this. I was like, what wait a second I thought you were just in love with her like two days ago. Now you don't want to like I was like, yeah I saw And his motive that's the thing. I don't think you really wanted to have a breakup but he did initially wanted a break but then Madison was just like oh brakes always lead to breaking up. So and I think that's where ultimately it was going because it seems like, you know, the reason why he's having second thoughts even said was because you know his for families just not with it. And obviously it's he he's now feeling emotionally affected by it. So it is what it is. I do hope that they find some common ground. Around and hope they work it out but let's get into predictions for next week. Okay. Yeah, you want your balls TV prediction? Oh, I feel like Madison and ish since we ended on them. I don't feel like it's over. I feel like we can't just like like this can't be it. You know, that was like such a weird. We barely got to saw him get to see him in that like in any of the episodes. We barely got to hear any about anything about their relationship likes pregnancy scare and blah but it wasn't I didn't get enough. I want more I want more. Mmm, same and for my prediction roof that's going to be tough because a lot is happening. But I know in the next episode Robbie and Alex are obviously going to be seeing each other and I think something's going to go down. I don't know what they're going to be fighting over but obviously yet. It's definitely going to be Juliet why I don't know because they still have feelings for they're not over it. So, it's a Juliet smell what? Yep those are our predictions. So we see I'm excited either way. And you guys can follow us on social media. I'm DJ. You can follow me on social media Instagram @ DJ underscore border and Ebony work May find you. You can find me on Instagram and on Twitter and Ebony Chapman 12 you thank you guys so much for watching and stay tuned for our episode next week by our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only dust The nation for all your favorite TV shows, whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com and check out our lineup buzz you later. Hmm. He's expressed herein are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners are principles.