Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there is something about the way he write his story.These the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started. The eyes have it by Ruskin Bond. I had a dream compartment to myself to Rohana. Then a girl got it the couple who saw her of were probably her parents. They seemed very anxious about her comfort and the women gave her detailed instruction as to where to give her things. When not to lean out of the windows and how to avoid speaking to strangers. They call their goodbyes and the train pulled out of the station. As I was totally blind at the time my eyes were sensitive only to light and darkness. I was unable to tell what the girl looked like, but I knew she were slippers from the way they slapped against her heels. It will take me some time to discover something about her looks and perhaps I never run but I like the sound of her voice and even the sound of her slippers. Are you going all the way to the era? I asked I must have been sitting in the dark corner because my voice startled her she gave me a little exclamation and said I didn't know anyone else was here. Well it often happens that people with good eyesight fails. See what is right in front of them. They have too much to take in I suppose whereas people who cannot see taking only the essence registers. Most telling me only remaining senses. I didn't see you either I said, but I heard you come in. I wonder if I would be able to prevent her from discovering that I was. Blind provided I keep to my seat. I thought it shouldn't be too difficult. The girl said I'm getting off to siren for my aunt is meeting me there. Then I better not get too familiar. I replied answer usually formidable creatures. Where are you going? She asked to Dara and then to masuri. Oh how lucky you are. I wish I were going to Missouri. I love the Hills. Especially in October. Yes. It's the best time I said calling on my memories. The hills are covered with dahlias. The sun is delicious and at night you can sit in front of log fire and drink a little Brandy. Most of the tourists have gone and the roads are quite an almost deserted. Yes October is indeed the best time she was silent. I wondered if I was had touch her or whether she told me a romantic fool. Then I made a mistake asking to her. What is it? Like outside see seem to find nothing strange in my question has she noticed already that I could not say, but her next question removed all my doubts. Why don't you look out of the window? She asked. I moved easily along the bird and felt for the window ledge the window was open and I faced it making a pretense of studying the landscape. I heard the panting of the engine the rumble of wheels and in my mind's eye, I could see Telegraph poles flashing by have you noticed I Venture that the trees seem to be moving while we seem to be standing still that always happens. See said do we see any animals? No, I answered quite confidently. I knew there were hardly any animals left in the forest near there. I turned from the window and face the girl and for a while we sat in silence. You have an interesting face. I remember I was becoming quite daring but it was the safer Mark Few girls can resist flattery. She laughed pleasantly a clear ringing. Laughs. It's nice to be told I have an interesting face. I'm tired of people telling me I have a pretty face. Oh, so you do have a pretty face. I thought and allowed I said, well an interesting face can also be pretty You are very Gallant young man CeCe, but why are you so serious? I thought that I tried to love her but I thought of laughter only made me feel troubled and lonely will soon be at your station. I said well thank goodness it to show journey. I can't bear to sit in and train for more than two to three hours yet. I was prepared to sit there for almost any length of time just to listen to her talking her voice had the sparkle of And stream as soon as he leaves the train should forget our Brief Encounter, but it would stay with me for the rest of the journey and for some time after. The engines visual shrieked The Carriage Wheels change their sound and Rhythm girl caught up and began to collect her things. I wonder if she were her hair in bun or if it was plated perhaps it was hanging loose over her shoulders or was it cut very short Change you slowly into the station outside there is shouting of potters and vendors and a high-pitched female voice near the carriage door. Voice must be of girls aren't goodbye. The girls said she was standing very close to me. So close that perfume of her hair was tantalizing. I wanted to raise my hand and touch her hair, but she moved away only the scent of the perfume still lingered where she had stood. There was some confusion in the doorway man getting into the compartment stammered and apology then the door banged and the world was shut out again. I returned to my birth the guard blew his whistle and we moved up or once again, I had a game to play and a new fellow Traveler. The train gathered speed the wheels took their song The Carriage ground and shook. I found a window and sat in front of it staring into the daylight. That was Darkness for me. So many things were happening outside the window. It could be a fascinating game guessing what went out there. The man who entered the compartment broke into my reverie the must be disappointed. He said I'm not nearly as attractive traveling companion as the one who just left. Well, she was an interesting girl I said, can you tell me did she keep her hair long or short? Well, I do remember he said sounding whistle. It was her eyes. I noticed not her hair. She had beautiful eyes, but they were of no use to her. She was lately blind didn't you notice? So here we have come to the end of this story knowing that the girl herself is completely blind. This is a dramatically irony I'd say Let me know how much you have like this episode of Storytelling and you can also give me a feedback on Instagram or Facebook for latest updates of new episode. You can follow me on Instagram at ishka Elmo. Now, you can turn down the volume of your headset as the song that We'll be playing next it's bit loud. So take care and bye. Bye. I'll see you on my next episode.