Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield.How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one fan. He is our first fan to actually have our merch which we will talk about later in the pub. It's type of Corti. Let's get it done boys. How you feeling? I'm feeling awesome.I can't do this. I can't believe it's taken me this Long Beach on the problem, you know, but it's gonna be worth it. It's gonna be hella where so me everybody here except for roommate cow have been at gwad absolutely deleting marks Kate. I am bowing. Everybody was and Budweiser's I forgot Cal and Colin have been drinking Budweiser. Both was hers. I think Cordy stumped us all he had the most marks I think tonight at 8:00. Yeah, they probably dropped kid. I don't know how I got it, but I got five. Okay, 9 you got nine Budweiser. Good night. Oh my God, obviously the last few positive been having some beers during the Pod but never been actually drunk during the pots been a while. So this should should send episode way but by the end of this it's gonna be I mean by the end of your stick around to the end. It's going to be good. So right off the rip we hit batch talk, I guess because Me Kate and Owen mostly. I just don't even want to talk about it. It doesn't really enjoy it was the women tell all it was dumb. Fuck shitty episode. Finally Madison. I think Madison can tell when she waited that long. I don't know if it was Madison's idea or Madison wanting to do it or the producers telling her to wait a couple seconds and then her saying sure instead of me. Saying okay this one? Yeah, so we got it. I hate to interrupt but I oh my God Madison just why I did it was it was of the Rose ceremony of Hannah and Victoria and Madison and Madison and got the rose, but Han got the first one in Madison got the second one and it the producers made it look like it took Madison literally 30 seconds to Walk up to Peter and accept the rose. I don't think that's true. I think Madison obviously the beat of the wind got it. But anyway that concludes bastok done episode this week. Next week is gonna be interesting. I think final roses next week Kate. Am I wrong or my right there Dave what test followed directions here Madison wins? I mean, is that where we go? No hundred percent hate. I really hope Madison wins, but I hundred percent thing Hannah. He just focuses our producer. So here's my opinion on that Madison who wants a bachelor? I had my mom fill me in because I want a decision after after all. This has there was come on. I had my mom talked to me about this is Tyler Corey talking if you didn't yes, so my mom was telling me that through all of this season Madison has kept her set lifestyle. She's kept for her a watery Christian Very Yes, and after doing some research on her Instagram. I think she is deserving of whatever believe she believes that I would be completely okay with it if I was here, but apparently he goes on deserve me once however, I think if She was even remotely smart if she gets the final engagement. She says no. How is my opinion on how much as you do about our pot before you came on here? I listen to every episode. He's exactly I know but you said you didn't watch The Bachelor, but he asked her mom. Yeah, well she walked us out. I'm not ashamed. Hey. Hey. Hey. I still think the only reason she did you authorize exactly she didn't Chase Rice. I think she's the only one she she was still on his so that Peter could get her in the fantasy suite and have a great ass time with her prove me wrong, but still okay. So, why would she really why would you ruin Matty over that? She is like literally like the epitome of a perfect doctor girl the perfect human. Yes, of course, I can't even stop. I don't want to go on a rant that concludes this week's. Let's talk. Let's go ahead and get into this past weekend club team played Iowa number seven, Iowa. Let's go. We're we the Cup team even though Pittsburg State Division to college. We played division one Iowa, and we won that Series 2 to 1 so I get a round of applause. Legend he went and hit a walk-off a three-run walk-off home run in the 14th inning of game three to seal the deal to for us to win series which T piston through 226. He said we don't need to put that out there but he did throw 226 bitches. Why wouldn't we want to put that out there? I mean, it's just as it does in CBA have sanctions against that I guess it does give you this is when I travel ball where you can only pitch 30 pitches a day Jesus. Hey, it's not a threat to 97 or whatever, right? But still yes, I'm hit the walk-off one. It's on Twitter. I took that video because I didn't play this weekend. Ankle still bothering me. Hopefully I'm going back this week. Did you hear attack? But went oh bro in the video. I'm taking the video and DAC is in the background one of the players on the team and he goes. Hey Simon, I can't I might say well, I guess they go watch the video. I can't say. Yeah. There was Jacob. Over Twitter. Yeah, it's a hundred to God. We have like 8000 views on it. I took the video. No biggie. I should have added myself like, you know, how like an ESPN like they could like via at the person I should have done that but oh well, yes, so we won the series 2-1 against Iowa, which is wild because last year we played Iowa and Iowa eight Iowa hit eight home runs on us in three games run ruled us. I think every game was it. Hey not like whatever whatever game to I think a two of the three, they're not not like little like lucky home runs like their men shots. Like dead center for hundreds piece over the scoreboard total time is exactly off of like our Aces like our best picture that matter were the best in the league that mean that were like upper 80s. Yeah, like I mean gas but still yeah, they fraud was last year, but we beat them this year. So how we got Mizzou this coming weekend. Hopefully my ankles heal. Hopefully I'll be back. It's feel a little better out of the boot. I'm out of the boot haven't been using it if you are the throw down to you, but that's so true. Kate I finally get to receive the Legendary Legendary arm Kate actually did throw two guys out this weekend. I'm gonna be honest when you're catching it just because we're on the pot. I'm going to say this. I don't know how you did it. I don't you hesitated you hesitate. The first guy was a slow throw. He must have had a bad joke. Okay, so I faked out Levi bellfield and got him down to literally how this guy got a horrible jumping and literally it he could have taken a 5 a 3 to 5 step drop and throwing the guy up. I read the defense read the coverage before he ever looked. Levi the centerfielder. He thought I was gonna throw it to Third Base. He went that way second base nail them. I got an out let's go and then it's all about and then the second the books it looks good looks good. The second guy you threw out was a lot more clean. It was more clean-cut of his right now. Yeah, it was a little better but still you through two guys out. Hey, that's is that more than our starting catcher? I don't want to say it because hey Simon, I didn't say that Payton did dude. You played a hell of a week Yak. Great job getting that home run to put us in the 13th guys. I love you. I love playing for you. Let's go. It's amazing moschini through to Hundred and however, many pitches just 200 if I guess hey one game I'm just gonna make that note. I also got to under 26 pitches not get into my oh shit. I need to think about the knock into my own horn. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go that's on me. He's get somewhere when you catch the any I haven't caught since 8th grade. Oh that's fast. So yeah, super sore. You need a tampon pad what's going on? But so I have class on Mondays. I have class at nine American history third floor Russ. Yeah. Oh the stairs elevator when I had to do when I was when I had this boot on I took the elevator and every single building. I took I thought about wearing a boot just to say I so like I didn't look bad if I You use the elevator? There's no shame. Let me there should be late to your classic that things really slow. But still I get there early. I don't leave it don't look like you do moving on this past Wednesday being Cordy got extremely wine drunk actually not this past Monday would have been last ones last Wednesday. We got really wind drunk and I had never been wind Rock in my life. Like I'm drinking wine say and I've had a few glasses of wine wine is not my favorite. I don't like red wine. I like white wine it. I served cold. So it's served cold. Yes, obviously, yeah, that's what covid mine better but I had about two and a half close to three bottles of wine strictly to myself at Chatters online Wednesday, and I have never been as hungover as I was Thursday. Well in my life. Oh, yeah, it's all the rest work. Okay. Well, so oh, yeah HPV text me. I texted my store. I said how you feeling this morning. He said I feel great just to be about 10 11 o'clock me. Whatever. It was hits a wall II mean I just absolutely feeling horrible because I woke up chugged a bunch of water. I was like, I'm going to be hungover. I didn't feel horrible when I woke up. Got up chug. Underwater took much ibuprofen. I was like, all right, let's go to work. I had work eight next day. Dr. Work 10:30 11 o'clock rolls around fucking brick wall of a hangover hits me. So he's worse that's one for and I don't know that I'll ever drink that much. Why hurts it hurts. It was rough on the old bill tumtum. But I can't we talk this this actually last week a little bit. I had an intuition that K took off his private story because listen because one of my friends had texted me on Snapchat instead. Did you seek AIDS private story her? No, did you can see Kate story and it was it was something that I hadn't seen on Kate story and Kate's my like my but one of my best friends on Snapchat, so I go to him. And I look at his story and what this got what my friend explained to me was not on Cade story. So I immediately think the worst I'm like this is back to the office. This douchebag took me off is private story. I'm sorry. So I immediately text Kade I said, hey, he's taking on prep Story That's fuck and I think he did because listen because because you said no I didn't why would I take you off your my private story? Whatever you fucking make some excuse and shit. I got well so-and-so told me this on your story and I don't see it five minutes later. I see it. Dude, I'm not gonna lie to you. Let's hear knocking. Let's hear it. What's your so I don't even remember what I posted so I don't either but that's first off. I don't even remember what I posted. So you sent me the text saying hey, why am I not on your probably I actually screenshot of it and you were it said bad ass, so I don't remember what I said. No, you're definitely on the private and in the back of your mind and the back of your mind, you know, like no not even the back of my head. I'm like, no, you're definitely on the private and you're like no. No, you're not some like, okay, I'll go look. So that's why I was off for five minutes. I read it for 5 minutes and shirred sure as hell. It's weird because five minutes later your private story popped up and it gets hot. That's what if you let me finish the story. That's how I look and you're the only one of my best friends list that isn't checked. So what I'm thinking is so what should we come to a conclusion Kate took me off? Private story is thanks a friend base. Oh, whoa. You start with taking off your private story. I didn't mean to but you still watch for a few days. I guess I didn't know how to cut off. I told you I told you I wouldn't lie on this. So there it is. I don't think it's a bad thing. It's kind of scary, dude. No, I wish I wish. But Owen I don't have to settle word all night and he's got his hood up over his days in Daddy's hat with the with his sunglasses on in his hood is tied tight as fuck and he's just staring at us. I well what does staring problem so we'll just move on moving on. Okay listeners. Hey opportunity for you here. We are looking for a producer for our podcast. I stopped talked to a couple of you guys think I talk to Cal tonight when we're in me. And I talk to Colin and Cal about possibly being a producer but if there's a listener out there that is interested in becoming part of the Nati crew. I guess hold on we got to talk about our fans sometimes before the Pod. What do you think so really like Daddy group or no? We just went with it what we're saying is we need a name for you got a name. For the fans for the guests. So guys like so people like Tyler can brand themselves with us. Exactly. Yeah, and I originally came to my mind Daddy. Yeah, Daddy not that again because if you listen to call her Daddy, it's there the daddy ham. So they've taken it they shot out that camp leaders. I can't be in that again though and that you don't you know like that again. No I'm saying there can't be anywhere else. Oh, no I'm saying I'm saying. Alright, man. I think that's good. Daddy's an adage of the Nati game. What do you know? Our fans are the Nati gang. We are the Nati crew. But however, I like that even more fans should if fans suggest something if it's liked. Yes, exactly. Yeah could potentially the Amazon Twitter Cordy right idea, but see the problem is I'm too involved. It's just I but wait Sighs okay, but the fans you guys are listening you guys. Okay, so I think this is going to happen a lot tonight. Just Kate and Tyler absolutely just dying laughing committed or the no reason at all. So let's control ourselves for second. So the fans you guys are listening you guys as of now are called The Nati gang and us on the Potter called The Nati crew if you guys come up with something better DMS on Twitter. Let us know what you think. Think I forgot I was talking about the oh, yeah, we're listening for a producer. So if anybody out there is good with text shit unless the become part of the Nati crew kind of edit our podcast putting together post them and shit DMS on Twitter. We're looking for one. And again Supreme urge possibly get some free merch because I do because I edited and posted in every way I could not possibly I'd say get pretty much. Yeah, you definitely understand what job application yes soon as your application. So what we're saying is we're looking for interns basically looking for summer interns, but it's pretty No, just you might get a bonus here and there's like five bucks. Yeah a few beers if you want to talk to drink beer in here with the boys and you're somewhat okay with tech your golden exact like that's all that's required. Well, it's an easy application. Remember make house talking as long as they're not weird. Okay, but I still have that picture that you guys put no weirdo. Like you guys are sketches. No sketches and was the Halloween party. I was just up at sexy cop. So I pulled up I'd say mediocre. I pulled up I see the size of this is perfect in the sign outside our house that no sketches. So I depart I walk back to my car got my phone out went to Snapchat video walking up. No sketches DoubleTap looked at me should the cop outfit and then walked away. Guess you're not on my private thing any of us have seen that. Yeah. No, I guess you guys aren't on my private. Yeah, I'm not it. I have I have three private stores. So like oh, yeah. But anyway moving on we're looking for a producer. Do you guys want to hear it DMS if you're like if if you are interested in being producer. Hey, all right. So listen up it came across this this past week made it really is this this has bothered me for a long time. I'm going to ask you guys a question here. You and at this this is something that has affected my life for a very long time. So here comes don't don't don't talk. Don't say anything until I am a hundred percent there in on us until I'm a hundred percent done with the question. All right, you guys ready? What do you guys do with your once worn clothes that can very much be worn again? I think those are the reason my room is a mess. I don't want to put them back in my back end with my really clean clothes and they aren't at all the way. They aren't all the way dirty. I'm caught at a crossroad. Geez. What do we think? Can I answer this first hundred percent your guests? Okay. So with jeans, I don't know how you guys are with jeans looks please. I wear jeans at least two or three times. However shirts per week to your temporary before I wash yeah. Oh, yeah, I'm sure so 2/3 because I mean obviously they get little bit stretched out to get loose and that is don't look as good see washing. However with everything else I feel like unless you work for a short period of time. Yeah. You probably should wash it that's just my so so what do you think it means with my first thought as soon as you asked that question? Okay. So for me this has happened a lot. So like I go to work from what like eight to five for a couple days a week, right? And so I wear jeans pullo and usually my jeans I just take them off hanging back up put them in the now use them another time that week don't big deal. But like my shirt my Polo that I work for that day. I've been at it all day. Throw that in the washer. All right, and the dirty? Yeah, but something that you put on once you get home from work at like 5:30 6 o'clock at night you put on a shirt you put on a pair of shorts you wear them until nine o'clock when you strip to go to bed. Yeah, so that is that is are those clothes that you wore after work for a few hours dirty hundred three were those yeah, that's right met like two three days max. That's where I'm at because I will those those time type of clothes. I'll just put it on requirements your hangout close your really sit home. How are you gonna put them on our economy that's called tell you the same. I have my gray fucking slow mate timeout just gave me the most shook up fucking beer that was fucking douche podcast. I'm just chilling at home don't have shit to do. I got my gray sweatpants out. I cut myself into slept shorts. Like I'll just fucking where those and some random a stop and I'll just walk around or so, I usually go sweatshirt. Yeah, because they're come here my favorite shirts work night. So the company that Peyton and I both work for so anyway, I Retreat this year all of the interns including myself got pink shirts. So everybody split up into teams. The interns are got pink shirts. It's so I'm afraid to wear this pink shirt out in public because it just looks absolutely terrible because it has my name on it too. So I wear that shirt as my nighttime shirt. So I wear that with your nights with and then you wash it anywhere to get it from session. That's that's why my room I think is AB is a mess because like because I'll change it a few times in a day like on a Saturday like I'll wake up throw short song Some and then like a few hours later after I've eaten breakfast or eating lunch. Take it off. Get new clothes to after that I put on after I shower for the day and but the clothes I wore in the morning are those a hundred percent dirty or those like you put them back in your dresser because I don't like to put them back in my dresser because I've already warned them and those are the ones in my dresser already a hundred percent clean. So no absolutely not you leave them out and we're in the next morning exactly. But that's why my room is like a mess. Oh, I mean, yeah, I mean like I don't but as guys everybody on the pot here is guys you all of us have done this. I guarantee you pick up something. Sniff sniff it smells. Alright you throw at all? Yeah. Just wanted to make that known. Do you want me to give you want me to tell you how I did speak up? Sorry. So at Colgan we wore the same thing every day. You guys had uniforms uniforms. So I would do is I would thanks. I would go three days with the shorts two days of shirt go rotation. So your uniform was what like khaki shorts. Towards pillow that's about so Monday. You'd usually see me khaki shorts either wipe. I would probably go white pillow first. First two days. How many different poles are job at three three different? What colors sorry that's all different great white. I think I know because white blue green and what no, it's just like it's white now, it's white blue green and I had to whites. Oh gosh. Okay, so but hey, hey, I don't know what to say it. But yeah, so Let's go Monday Tuesday. I go white polo khaki shorts, and I had two different pairs of khaki shorts. So the last two days I'll go khaki shorts. And then Thursday, I usually go with a green and then usually Friday's football game basketball game baseball. Okay. Now I'm going to suck like during basketball season likely because like during basketball season, like I would just wear like short to school and like I'm pressing the show you guys have like things like a wait. Did you play basketball teams? We made things so Why don't you just wear that with like a t-shirt? You can actually wear your basketball your own? Oh Sofia basketball, we would fully dress up like okay. I like act like it's so much fun. It's I mean Want to talk like just like dressing up and like slacks and like a nice shirt. Hi jacket. I actually just bought a jacket yesterday did yeah and after my personal stylist PV over here who has way better clothes and idea. Hey, but went and picked up a pretty nice jacket yesterday from a Vegas trip. He did you doing. Oh, yeah. Hey, but when you get the jacket when you try the jacket on didn't you feel like a little bit classier. Well, I was wearing it untucked polo shirt at the time. So I was trying to know so that's why I slapped with a bullet. Because they think you're wearing a long sleeve cycling shorts. How the turntables it was also my Pitt State - salaamed Polo. So I kind of was like, oh this doesn't really make sense. However, it still look good bought it so it fits well, how'd you get to do you know how to wear a jacket? Oh, yes. You're when you're when you're button, you're standing up your button when you're sitting on your own buddy. Thank you. So I had a confirmation. Yeah. So for my brother, I was Keepers confirmation shout out cube another guy. It was a lesson. No my mom. Thanks Belle. She would probably talk to you. Thank you. So I was like Formation in a buddy of mine a buddy of mine was wearing a suit jacket everything. He looked really good and I'm like dude he was sitting down and he had both of them but I'll send down he had both buttons on the jacket doesn't dude. Rookie move rookie move rookie. I was like, hey, that's how you do it. Of course. I had to teach them, you know, okay question for you guys. I don't know if you guys know this but so most of the time when you buy like a new suit jacket, so there's like three panels to it, right? There's like the two side panels. Holes in the one back down three products three times last week. No. No I'm saying. Okay, so like they're connected very but nobody buys suit jackets on the normal. Hey, I know you talked about this. All right, we'll just move on then nevermind. It wasn't the to like the strings that connect. Yes, the side panels to the back panel. Yes, it makes it more wearable. It is one of my buddies told me he was going on. He's like no you sure to cut these it looks better and I he cut them and I was like, yeah, whatever try to cut him. I guess he caught him in it. Like you had a special holder that fits better. It's like looser and shit. I didn't know that get some more flexible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I know what you mean. I know what you mean another. Oh, actually I got an announcement for us. I think this is the big one we talked about on the Twitter will start off. We'll start the second half with that big announcement you're talking about. Yes, you know we talked about this. So Daddy's in that he's officially it's going to sound weird officially has their own female correspondent, which is let's go she is basically a part of the pot. She listens that she's an OG just like Tyler she listens to you listens to every pot You guys she texts me all the time about the Pod like ask this know or like when the girls were on she weighed in on some of the things the girl said and like if we had questions about girls like she wait until she let me know it's as she stays Anonymous. She stays Anonymous even I don't know. Yeah, but that's our FEMA. We have a new female correspondent. So Daddy are Natty gang if you guys got a question DMS on Twitter that we will ask our female correspondent and we will get back. To you with an answer to that. But let me that yeah, I know she has big news. Yeah, she's good friend of mine. She she said that she wants to be a part of the Pod. So we got a new female correspondent. But sorry that concludes the first half episode 17 of days in Daddy's. Thank you guys for listening the first half to subscribe rate review on Apple follow us on Twitter spread the word about the pod. Huge absolutely huge announcement coming after the break a listeners listen up for a second. If you ever heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. How's that? Let me explain. First of all, it's free anchor has their own creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music and many more you can make money from your podcast with no. I'm listenership. Wow, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Hey PB, let me do the call to action. All right, calm down action. All right, everybody pay attention. You need to download the free anchor app. Go to Anchored FM to get your podcast started now back to that. Isn't that nice? Welcome back to the second half episode 17 of days and at ease I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio with Colin K Doan Cal roommate cow and our special guest tonight. Tyler Corey how we doing boys didn't take much of a break didn't play any pong in between which we usually do. We had a kind of business talk not going to lie speaking of business. Look. I know. I know we have teased this on the last couple podcast but entities, I think we're more excited more than honestly, We have finally secured a merchant provider and daddies and nattie's Merchants officially here. Let's go guys who would have thought who who to fight? That's the big that that was the S the big now, so keep listening to hold on merch. It's right. Now, it's just it's the Richardson won 12 hats. If you've seen them, they're the real popular snapback hats it is a we're going to we're going to post a picture on the Twitter this week. When we drop the Pod. It's a grey front with our logo on the front with a white back snapback hat Richardson Hat. They're going to be $25 a piece. We will have a Google doc type of the week. I'll order for my guess that we're going to link in the Twitter that we're going to Tweet out and then also linked in the Twitter so that you guys can place your order but if you know us you Was Noah also also it in with you know, any of us you can also DM the Twitter. Yeah, I can text anyone of us on the Pod. So if you don't have an email, but you know one of us or if you don't have been no at all, but you want to buy a hat direct message us will figure out a way to get you at direct message the Twitter. Yeah Twitter. That is nice. Yeah, we're accepting cash or venmo or cash app don't have a I guess we don't have a way to take debit credit cards yet, but we're just Acting Venom Akash, I get yeah, but if you guys are interested, we will be dropping pictures of those on the Twitter. If you haven't seen us around we just got everybody on the Pod just got one last week and they're pretty pretty sick. I mean the fucking bad they're sexy so I'm not gonna lie. So I was nervous going up to this because I like you are nervous. I was the only one that disagreed with the gray and white. That's true and I owe it all her job Indeed. I thought you know, maybe you well, we were talking about the shirts then. Yeah shirts off. Our shirts also are not not available right now love the hat. So that's so I was nervous as hell because like the hats were kind of my idea. I kind of took it over hate is in charge of all of the merchandise. You knowing Caden Owen are all in charge of merchandise. They handle everything they talked to the supplier. They they do everything for the merch so I was super scared going and because like we all spent well. We just spent some money. We spent a lot of money getting these hats done with the whole like fees and all that. Yeah. Exactly. We aren't we I mean we took it out of pocket to get all of us. We took money out of our pocket to get you guys merge to make to sample it. Basically we all bought our own hat to sample it to make sure they were going to come out. All right, and they fucking turned out beautifully. So amazing. So Pi like PV, I don't want to drive all the way to Columbus to grab these. Can you please pick him up since you're at work? He's like, yeah, I'll do it. I'm like, oh Okay, he's like do you want to see it when I get it home? Oh, I'm back story. The people that do our hats are based out of Columbus campus up on the Square. Yeah, it's a PVP. So PV is like do you want to do you want a video of it when he's when I get them all like no, I only want a video if it looks bad just so you want to FaceTime. I want to face. I want you to FaceTime me on Face Time as I'm pulling up. Yeah, I want you to FaceTime me if they look shitty. They look shitty. I want to see it in person. I want to see it now just so I can figure out what the hell I'm gonna do and if they don't look shitty save it say that kind of want to see you in person. Yeah, so PB is like perfect. Sounds good. Four minutes later. I get a FaceTime call from Peyton. Mine it hard and I clear up. I literally I clicked your name and face time and I go I bet he doesn't answer because he thinks they're going to look shitty. Oh God, so I see his name on my phone. I'm like, oh shit. He's like going through his mind right now. He's got like good Owens, right? We shouldn't have done the gray and white either like the logo just didn't look right. Yeah or anything my are we gonna unplug myself? Sorry Falcao. Hey toad. Turned out phenomenal so that so Peyton. I'm like Peyton dude, how badly look I don't want to see it. Just tell me he's like Kate they look fucking amazing. Literally. I was at work. I do you have my ear buds their buds into my boss was right next to me is like what the hell just happened. Oh, that's gay men as here. So I was like, hey, I gotta go pee real quick. I went outside I talk to you for like five minutes looking I showed you. It was a waste time. It looks so good. And either I could not have everybody else's they looked so good. I could not wait to show him that night. Like I literally I had the tide show someone you whenever we went to practice. Yeah, and it was the night. We have fraud practice. Yeah. I don't know before that. I told you I'm like a I'm just gonna come pick up my hat and you're like no. I want to record your reaction. I'm like, yeah bitch. What the fuck? I just want my hat. Yeah, you did we came to practice. He's like, I'm still gonna record everything close your eyes. I'm like shut the fuck up. And I told Kate no, no Kate ask me. He's like, he's like, yeah, it's pretty badass. Yeah, like you're gonna react when I'm like no, it's just it's just a fucking hat. It's not that big a deal. So then you showed it to me and after you didn't record. Yeah. I didn't have any Court never ended up recording anything and then I was like I freak the fuck you like. He's like I fucking told you. You think they would turn out as good as I did and we will if those of you some of our like our I guess our closer friends people that I guess honestly after we got him. I think most of us on the Pod warm to class like the warmth across the next morning every day since that's true cow did get a compliment in classroom. I got a compliment to and when I weave okay, so that's okay. Listen up. Here's the deal this first round where the first round we're going to okay, so we drop the pot Thursday, I guess tonight today is when you guys will be listened to we drop it Thursday today. We will have released a link on our Twitter that you can click and you click the link you go in put your name your email put your form of pay and that will send us a notification that you would like a hat. We will then reach out to you to get payment from you once were Received payment from you is when you will get a timeline of when your hat will be in. Yes, we're not which won't be very it's gonna be a weekend to cook week to two weeks Max. It just depends on how big a two weeks is pushing two weeks is pushing it too. But especially since we already have the logo sent Owen stuff exactly. Yeah, we've got everything finalized. All we have to do is get them me process. But so each hat is $25 link will be in the Twitter in their recent. Wheat but yeah, I'm excited. Yeah, it's gonna hold on this first round. We will be doing more than one. I guess you called merge drop but the first round there's a limited Supply. So DMS or fill out the link quick. They're going to go quick. I know I've already got a few sold, but they're going to go quick so jump on that fast, and these won't be coming back anytime soon. Yep. Alright, well that concludes I guess merge doc All Right Moving On. Okay, so our special guest corty Tyler Cordy. We just call him Courtney if you hear us refer to him as 40, it's Tyler Tyler Courtyard good buddy. We so we were talking Tuesday earlier tonight and we were talking about I don't know what you're talking about. So how we got on the topic of drug? Oh this cow you mentioned where are my drugs? I'll treat you you said something about it. And I said like a drug schedule Like the Wolf almost. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. So what what I was going to say about this is so Peyton knows this Monday through Thursday. I'm in my last semester at Pittsburg State. I'm a construction. I'm a very very busy person. I work 20 hours a week. He's the dad of the Pod. Oh, yeah, I am the grandpa. So I graduate this may however, I am extremely busy Monday through Thursday, so I have been jokingly. During I'll just do a shitload of meth on Sunday night and stay up until Thursday night or Friday morning to get all my shit done. And then by the time we get to the weekend begin, it'll be time to come back down off of it hang out for a little bit for a day or so and then start back up. That was the drug sigil I was talking about and the funny thing is is absolutely none of these guys knew what I was getting ready to say we choose meth. Why don't we do something different? Like how can't because anything? Three or four days. I'm a very hyperactive person. So if I take anything that I set up even worse you have A and B have a bang days Days assume I like if opposite world of now. There's a great diet plan to I would drop like 30 pounds plus I would get all my shit done from Sunday night till Thursday night and then go to the bar obviously because it's robbed you in Pittsburgh covid by the Moors and then you sleep Friday and then he get up Saturday need to take care of some stuff that you probably should take care of sober Sunday hang out take meth again Sunday night. Then you're up again for the next four days. Take care of your shit. Repeat. That is what I Talking about tonight at Taco Tuesday. There's a little more hardcore than Jordan Belfort. Yeah. He did really have to go now. Give me some feedback here boys. Yes. I mean if you had my schedule you would probably agree to that. I say dude, I think I think I am. Okay. Okay. So what is your what so what okay moving on if we do not promote drugs. We're after I'm not serious at all. This is a complete joke. None of the knew what I was getting ready to say. I was just trying to deliver. This is nothing serious absolutely. Do not use drugs people. Do not feel well. This is But this segment of the Pod is strictly dedicated. To our boy Owen. So Owen if you listen to last week, if you listen to last week Owen is a hundred percent single now, the the old trip to Texas they ate our trip to Texas didn't go as and when it didn't go as planned. So Owen if you would do us the favor and let us know your Tinder use week has been average honest almost average for this month already. Is 10 minutes here like that? And all time average is 59 you say that he said this month three days. It's a three-day. Yeah bullshit. I still I still I'm calling bullshit. We're at the day. Well, how much you spend on today 10 minutes today? Okay. I'm calling bullshit. Okay, that's we're getting better can back up. But the all time average is still 15. I'm answers absolutely absurd moving on fuck. This segment of the pot is also called Kate thoughts. Okay, go so last week if you didn't hear Cade, I was your son last week. I forget I don't know but I got you tried really hard. I got really upset when you kept on interrupting. That's right. So this is okay. So this segment of the ball is called Kate thoughts. And this is a hundred and ten percent Kate. I'm not going to speak unless I am spoken to by Kade. So this is Kade the floor is now yours. This is a he's now standing up. This is amazing that Count roommate Cal showed up so tiddler you have to indicate dots so so let's hear this segment is called prove me wrong. So what is the segments called Kate thoughts? Okay thoughts, but I'm calling this prove me wrong. Okay. So teens are you calm Cordy and Cal first roommate Peyton and know you guys have to prove each other. I can't I get to pick the subject we go for two minutes each. Oh Lord, I and it's three rounds. So best two out of three. That's what do I mean? That's a long segment. Come on to that. Good, we'll go to rounds. Oh to rent. So Katie Roach. What did I know both you guys agree. So I get to pick what side of your own widgets and bake debate Kitsap. Yeah. It's a bank. Okay. So so the team is me roommate count on. Yep verse call and Cordy and Cal. All right. So first topic is when does Gatorade taste it's bet ruined. What does Gatorade taste it? Best okay. I'll start no, I have to tell you what side you're on you bitch. You're a terrible host. No, this is how I running it. It's roommate Peyton to knowing you guys are saying after a hot to winning game or two innings in guy who basically baseball game. Okay. So it's always going to be clear we have to argue that Gatorade taste its best best like chapter. I feel like two hot day out they tease. Yeah, I got that. Okay. Colin Cordy Cal you guys have this defend how Gatorade taste its best right after it like when you're having a hangover, so there are different we have to convince you have decayed me. We're going to try different space that it tastes better than okay got so I'll start so yep Peyton you start so I'm going to start. Um, I don't a hundred percent agree with the side. I'm on but I'm going to get do my best here if you have ever had water. During a sporting event have to base Morgan sporting any sporting event. I was just saying bitch. So if you ever had water during any sporting event, obviously you have cold water during a sporting event. It's good. It's good. Okay, it's great good it quenches your thirst. But if you ever had Gatorade it always gives you that extra. Mmm, and it's got the electrolytes obviously which obviously always good for a hangover clearly, but if it's cold and you're drinking it after a few Innings of a ball game you think the Gatorade is going to do you last you longer than water that's the question to you kid okay Cal go I this is my team yep Saudi and Colin so you guys are defending hangover Gatorade guess all right team I didn't die things weigh in but perfect it might be saying hangover for sure yeah like when you're in a hangover oh wow yeah Gatorade it's cool for like maybe like a solid drink like a full bottle whatever you guys would consider a full bottle one of them that's it after that I'm solid we're ready to go ready to take you're ready to take on some more Natty light I feel okay Cordy yes okay so here's my deal I'm very experienced in The Hangover game I'm the dad of the podcast because I've been experiencing that I'm a seasoned vet but yes sir So Gatorade along with the water? A morning after a very long night of drinking can set you from feeling like a total bag of shit to film like an okay bag of shit. Okay, very quickly. Now, it depends on how much get dirty trick how much water you drinking what you're doing cut. So I'm going to drop that. I may give a little progression right now. I'm more on the Gatorade side of The Hangover side because cow roommate cow is shaking his head in agreement with Cordy when he's on opposite teams. Well, I mean, I mean, I don't know I also My pitch good job pitch it. We're makeup water fucking sucks. Oh, so but but you but you need water to make gator at work better that is fast. I know but if we're talking about baseball game, you're going to strike out you need Gatorade in your system not however, I'm going to argue about this. I'm gonna argue this together a point for just a second. This is not a plug. Body armor no free ads free ads for hangovers, which is yeah both seriously. Bobby are for hangovers is the best solution that you ever shit's expensive as hell it is but worth it. It's almost completely work. He liked my argument. Also Pedialyte is the same thing. It works Pedialyte works better for hangovers than Gatorade Gatorade works better during a tough Sports match up like when you're sweating the bunny spend about yes. Replenish the electrolytes Pedialyte is for hangovers. Gatorade is for sporting events. That's my work phone go which also means this is also what is the one thing you always see players dumping on their coaches after they kick the shit out of the other team Bingo baby. Let's go. So official vote is Gatorade after two hot Innings of whatever sport you're playing. Not any let's go whatever fuck you guys know, that guy's great. That was great. Okay, round number two, I think. I agree. Okay. So we all agree that it's better with sports than the matter. I want. Okay going. I don't think you want I'm gonna continue you are supporting so Colin Cordy and Cal are supporting curly fries. Oh, yeah roommate Peyton and Owen is supporting waffle fries. Can I start? Nope? top you go do you start about Tucker literally is Curtis and Waffles right yes Kurt you and your support are currently the best ones that I've ever tasted we got waffle I think it's probably time we are we talking like Chick-fil-A and so so okay so what came to mind was I'm Catholic and I gave up fast food for Lent and I was going to go to McDonald's right long-ass line yeah they don't have current Saturday don't have both know they don't have to be so bad luck bad example So fuck McDonald's and I was gonna go talk about another long a slide Hardy's. No one in line. Party parties is good. I'm going well so that you know, what else they have. Curly fries so that's what got me on this topic eight Flex better waffle here are these waffle fries are a hundred percent always the best but you have to argue. This curly fries are the best fries you can buy a couch. So, you know, you outside curly they be the best. I don't fuck your side that you listen to me. All right. Fuck you. I have my own are year for this. So I am from a small town, which is Humboldt, Kansas shout-out H-Town Listen to town it's everybody knows a stone. Anyway Dirksen wait way back in the day. There used to be a place on the Square called corner post. And he'd always go in there and you get a cheeseburger and curly fries and they had the absolute best curly fries. You could ever find anywhere and this sad thing is it is no longer resistant. You can't hit him anymore. It was back when I was really young but man those I will argue on the side of those curly fries more than I will argue anything else. I mean, it's amazing best probably burger and fries and had in my entire life was in Humboldt, Kansas. okay I'm gonna go here who in the room likes Chick-fil-A okay just for the listeners everybody in the room raised their hand and what kind of prize it typically have welcome welcome right off of ride okay case closed next you guys wise advice yes I go there partly because our present fires fuck right collared for the chicken obviously the chicken is main course but the fries gladly complement it a compliment but you don't go there for the fries Okay no Okay do you go to our bees for the fries you got Arby's for the roast beef For the first piece times where I'm with ya. Okay, I'm wasted but everybody let's go I could agree with that. But also we all like Chick-fil-A and they also have waffle fries. I mean that's my case closed host right now. Okay, what do we think here? So that's what I was thinking both. Both are really good. I agree. I love fries. I'm still on the side of curly right now. I feel like he's got a bias. No, I'm definitely not gonna play waffle for you. We did say that you went to harden you got the curly fries and that's what sparked the debates. Yeah. I know but that also means I like waffle fries. But the shoe thing is is none of you were ever have the H-Town fries each Town corner post curly fries and It's a sad thing. If anybody from home walls listening you guys know that the corner post curly fries along with the burgers were the best thing that ever came to Humble. Shout out to the Ellis family for running that place for a lot of years. It was amazing. I wish it was still there but no free ads, but no free eyes, but they're no longer need their not so I've come to an agreement or I didn't come to agreement. I can't able to myself conclusion waffle fries one let's go let's go that's a to oh oo proprietor going baby Andrew make out so what set it apart was was Cal wanted to go on the waffle waffle fries T he did but I from something that he said really hit me he was like everybody goes to Chick-fil-A for the sauce right yeah waffle fries you can dip the sauce better than you can curly fries Chick-fil-A is obviously the unanimous favorite but I also Three with Courtney and cons when they say not everybody gets to check play for the fries. Everybody goes Chick-fil-A for the chicken. I agree with a fact but fries do compliment it. Well, like you said Peyton, so I'm still going to go off and Fries but CI you guys can't obviously speak to I'm sorry, it's down. I'm sorry. If I it won't donate it's totally fine. It's been a very long time statement business. It's whatever will move past it next topic. Okay Kate. Can I take the host back? Can I get my beer? Thank you. Thank you for that. All right. So to kind of round out the the pot I guess on how much longer going. I don't know rap. But okay. So as anybody in here seeing I know I'm actually I'm not gonna talk about this for a sec. I'm about to Cave where you going. Okay, then we'll talk about this for a sec. All right, so as anybody in the room seen the Taylor Swift documentary don't ridicule me for watching it not us now. It's on Netflix. It does aggression now. I'll probably watch it's not age. It's I enjoyed it. I was never a Taylor Swift fan. I mean like is she time she Metro country Mission like no like I was obviously but like not like like I didn't really like her music. Like I wasn't music that I listen to every day wasn't it wasn't it was like cool. I heard on the radio Taylor Swift. I mean obviously attendance trip, but I watched that documentary because I was bored out of my mind the other night rehabbing my ankle and I just clicked it on Netflix. It's an hour and 25 minutes long. Might be one of the best documentaries ever seen really not gonna like behind Travis Scott behind the Travis Travis Scott was I mean that was fired but cage walk down the stairs Jesus Christ, but Robin, so I watched a Taylor Swift documentary the other night and it was and I've actually watched it twice now, but what do we think about Taylor Swift? There are 34 30s on ESPN documentary. No, I don't think so. I don't think that's a doc. I mean like it's but it's but location like the Taylor Swift documentary was filmed by Taylor Swift. The 3430 is aren't filmed by like say for instance. Is it filmed by Christian Laettner the ones about Christian Laettner as I fill my words and Fab 5 or the Fab Five? Walk down the fucking stairs. But no my the Taylor Swift documentary I think is probably one of my favorite honestly, you guys all need to go watch it. I never realized Taylor Swift was as hot as she is. Oh, that's just fucking smoke. Oh, she's I didn't realize your percent. She's a fucking smoke. Oh, yeah, so that's why there's no doubt. I mean that obviously helped but she also it just appalls me that like, so you see people you see like Instagram in Florence influencers that have say a few In followers on Instagram. Yeah, Taylor Swift has a hundred twenty six million followers on Instagram. Holy shit and on Twitter a lot of the influencers that you see the have a few million on Instagram have like a couple hundred thousand on Twitter. So Twitter is always lower guess how many followers Taylor Swift has on Twitter 85 million Twitter followers. She makes you tick tock Tick-Tock, I have a very good topic to bring up. I don't have talked about before Tick-Tock Tick-Tock. So I mean Tick-Tock and generally that's a great deal. I love Tick-Tock. I'll spend a lot of a lot of time on wait. Wait you like Tick-Tock? I'd never read. Oh, yes. I love to talk but there's one personal or there's one area in particular that I'm a fan of which is organ softball. Oh, yeah. love ya go back to you too I'm getting a Haley Crews Jersey I don't care what y'all say I'm getting a Haley Crews go back to your chair so we can hear you that yeah I don't think it I don't think they'd had to pee though no I don't think he has big no oh no I'm holding in my hand mom no don't I'm holding in my hand what appears to be a Sonic Blast and let me just get a little taste let me get a taste real quick yep that's a song yeah that's a sonic boom so if you're listening K2 has he's broken his promise to Jesus Christ that he would not eat fast food for 40 days nope hey the door - person said it that wasn't fast because Sonic took their sweet ass time so technically it's not fast food Megan yeah however we are talking Haley Crews here. That's right Kate. This is a very touchy subject. I'm making really fucking podcast Kaylee is Kate is in love with Haley Cruise. So she looks up she is leading not only organ NCAA batting average. She is living the impeccable the entire Pac-12 in batting average doubles on base percentage, I think to and and maybe even home runs did Haley Cruz no way. She's at home run hitter. She says yes. Yes. Yes, yes. Yes. She's five seven five eight sheet fucking Christ some flour. And not only that she is possibly the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my entire life. Definitely hers. 2022 one Bachelorette know I'll straight up. Are you Taylor Haley crews? Are you you're joking. You haven't seen the documentary. It doesn't matter. Fuck Haley Cruz is not only hot as hell but she's hot and hot as hell on the incident. Can I stay mad at yourself? yes hey all you care about is the money with Taylor Swift whoo What hey think what you want our song written about you huh you want a song written about you you want to know it's Jonas brother no Haley Cruz kiss dancer she's actually a good person he don't know you're feeling crazy good person accordion talking I'll click ok go ahead I'm sorry Haley deal this is you're joking right what do you think about that you think Taylor Swift would be a better wife than Haley Cruz your you obviously are joking hold on let me just ask you one question yes I would marry Haley Chris answered that am I gonna have a jersey answer yes to the question I'm going to ask you is Haley Cruz is a division 1 soccer player obviously up really Yep, clearly obviously want your house and watch for tick-tocks that's on you. You forgot to take the already know but you have to ask but you want your watch Taylor Swift. I don't even know what are the odds you take Andi Cruz in the next nannies and daddies you might look at it. But listen up I got oh she does she's you guys so so and she looks like she's 18. She's she's It's a restrictive 30 29 28. Holy shit. You just keep on changing it know, what is my question exactly. Taylor Swift is 29 years old got multi. Multi. She might be a hundred million are I'm I would not be surprised if she's a hundred million are she has ten Grammys? Yep, you know with you and Haley Cruz is a 20 year old 21 year old Division 1 softball player antes de facto 22 leads us all these the Pac-12. And whatever whatever whatever you're telling me, you're not going to marry Taylor Swift who is clearly obviously hotter better-looking more successful a Falls now Haley Acres. Hey, let me but I'm Taylor Swift is worth three hundred and sixty million dollars. I'm sorry. It might just be me. I might be the only guy that thinks this way, but I do cares. It ain't about the money. It ain't about the money money money. Look at them borrow money money keep that. You know, what kind of Leo Swift you could produce does it doesn't matter Haley Cruz is practically like a Madison. Okay, hold on down-to-earth kind of yes, you're using amazing competitors nowhere. Yeah. Oh you automatically know her values. You're not always doing. Okay Lis list values. I wash your fucking not familiar. It feels like an hour and a half documentary. I know everything about those giant. That's not what you're saying though. No, do she has this much money? I don't care about the money. I'm not saying I guess you do. That's what you brought up first. What I'm saying tell that there's a lot more successful The Heavy Cruiser will ever be in her life. No kid of hers. Who cares. She's so patient. No not right. Now as Taylor Swift kid because Taylor Swift that that's a gene thing exactly. You can fucking okay. Shut the fuck up. Taylor Swift she's Taylor Swift yes it real her kids fucking on the sink outrageously good oh you're right because everybody cares about a kid that can sing out and they do almost playing on my you met with Haley Cruiser give me shit for an athlete fuck you I'm about to Yale okay that's music transcends everything everybody listening music not everybody watches sports that's why Taylor Swift is worth over 350 there it is a good you care about the damn money she's more successful than almost everybody in your profession gives okay who cares who cares so I would like to marry a successful woman here in some of that is no bus you want to softball player whoa bust up your college well they don't even have dinner They have patient gonna check your college. She you care beautiful human being I'm not on Monday night that I'm saying tells you that worried about these were 38 will million 360 action. No one cares about that because everyone you die. Where are you going? I think he likes me. I think a lot of just like everybody when talking guide I put my money in the grave false goes to your kids and your grandkids are gonna blow it all anyways. Hey, I don't like to have fun while we're live. So bring me that money. But here's the thing. Here's my I just became best friends with you. Here's my here's made it all the private that they're not on your wall. Here's my thing guys. I have experienced bad relationships I've experienced good ones for me to explore ourselves we're not going to spoil ourselves I'm not going to say names however I'm not going any further than that my point is is I would rather be happy with somebody that is more equivalent to me than deal with somebody like Taylor Swift who was on the road 24/7 who I mean they make a shitload of I make shit pot lot of money oh yeah buddy hey but guess what even if they go and do something stupid are you going to care because they have so much money but I know I've got a rebuttal for this it comes down to the fact so excited and this is just me I'm a I'm a hopeless romantic completely everybody the podcast can fuck another either Cordia single if you know if you know who he is hit oh my God Courtney where you going to be in the summer Kansas City dammit dammit idler and was however I think I would rather be he was somebody with less than deal with bullshit and have more that is my she's courting personal same person years older than me okay and I hate I hate to get on here and preach and do that kind of shit but that is just my opinion and the Haley Crews to their Swift topic just fit for that clip it clip that put that okay listen real quick so nobody in here has obviously seen the hour-and-a-half documentary about Taylor socialize how much money do you think she may not I don't know a lot of money alright that looks but doesn't matter let me talk so obviously like obviously she's really successful and my point is that Taylor Swift is the one of the most successful businesswomen fucking artist ever And Haley Cruz is a Division One softball player at Oregon that leads the Pack 12 and yada yada yada, and after that she would play in the Olympics for a few years, but after that she's obviously good athlete her kids are gonna be a good athletes. But but what I'm saying is that is that Taylor Swift is more successful is just as hot if not harder. She's Taylor Swift is 29 years old and looks as good if not better they'll get Cruise Jennifer. such as you bring up your Music 50 years old that's okay but Jennifer's innocence hotter than Taylor Swift well I got a question for instance like fine wine and age is what basically what this comes back to is you guys haven't you guys haven't seen the documentary about Taylor Swift life and I think you should it'll change your view under it obviously changed my I was never Taylor Swift fan and if Levi is listening to this he can vouch for me there's a lot of Taylor Swift on the playlist the me and Levi share now here's my question and everybody sitting here obviously all of us were once athletes correct is our current ever know build trying to be couch trying the ha ha I mean is this the honest opinion would you rather be with somebody that is also an athlete or would you rather be with somebody who would just absolutely is horrible so what you write every what you rather play basketball so like let's say if a leakers to play basketball would you rather play like one-on-one against her or would you rather play shoot hoops while Taylor Swift saying to you huh so I thought I would I would definitely want to play one so here I would you rather your kids be good at sports or would you rather your be able to sing like Taylor Swift none other than that's that's not even necessary face I'm just saying that all of us were either once very good high school athletes or currently division to the defending World Series champions and baseball bingo so I mean it's obviously athletes dominate this current setting yeah so would you rather be with somebody who is a singer or somebody who is an athlete that is also extremely attractive that will give you kids who are also very good athletes because that's what we know I'm gonna work from Southeast Kansas all we have is Athletics we don't have anything else and I'm a hundred percent I agree with you like I would love to have great athletes as kids but at the same time I know where you're at but at the same time I have a lot of money no no tracked baby can you okay but moving on I guess listeners way on what you think nobody in the room has seen the television documentary except for me I encourage everybody listening to the Pod to go with to watch even if you're not Taylor Swift fan I'm not to offend never was before but I kind of am now reviews it's all right I'm not big on like it sounds horrible hmm sounds bad but I'm not big on like like women artists is that's not my style but that's what you want his wife there's no shop no no I'm just saying it's not my style like I just like like guys rapping shit whatever but her sister music is one of my favorite I encourage you guys watching it's all right oh my goodness all right moving on I got interesting fact for you guys I think you guys are funny so you know the corona just like it's kind of a kind of becoming a thing like it's actually kind of a thing now but there are 38 percent of Americans will not by Corona the beer Corona Corona Extra Corona Light because of the Corona virus a lot of corner took a hit in the beer crown of the beer took a hit during to you know they did I saw it and they were they were struggling fun yeah still are Estrella Jalisco whoever whoever is grown as a like everybody has Arc arrival who's grown as rival Estrella Jalisco door like joseki just like he's like hey guys let's cap stocks plummet did everybody go second he's have an inside guy oh it does Equis have an inside guy in the medical field well I'm saying is all I'm saying is if I get the Corona virus Lyme disease you guys see we're going to basically do you get it do you get the joke yes I got it what go on Cody so you know how the Simpsons predict future all those episodes that have predict future events that have actually been true I can't remember what year it was back when they recorded the coronavirus one now at the bang I swear to God it is I saw it Oh God that brings us back to the fucking episode to conspiracy theories about what's his name Matt groaning groaning the fucking producer yes but I knew you guys have talked about it we will discuss this on a later podcast because we've gone over the time allotted for us but that concludes episode 17 of days in that he's appreciate you guys listening sorry me and Kate got a little heated there I still think Taylor Swift is the is the choice between her and Haley Crews I'm obviously in the minority here listeners way and let us know what you think also watch the pot or watch the the Taylor Swift Dock and might change your mind yeah look Twitter also be watching out for our Twitter obviously if you've listened to this long of the podcast our tweet about buying Merchants already out we will be posting pictures of our new hats they're fucking fire you're going to want one limited Supply get them while they're hot this is p be signing off and nut so you guys are gals later guys later fellas adios glad to be here everybody we thank Tyler Corey for coming on the podcast and everyone dies nice fan catch you guys next week peace