Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and body.This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.Alexandra or Alex L. Welcome to the show. Hi Maria. Thank you so much for having me. It's great to be here. Thank you for being here. I have to get something out of the way before we get started. I am a huge fan. I love all the things that you share how you speak? And I remember when you started following me on Instagram. I literally had to take a screenshot of it. Awesome. So now that we've gotten that out of the way and a few of my, you know embarrassing moments, how are you? I'm doing good. I am so happy to be here. I feel the same about you and your work and what you're doing in the world. So it's really a pleasure to be able to chat with you and get to know one another a little better. Yeah, I like that. I really like that. So as I mentioned that today I from Journal is o one of the what I'm going to be straight. It's the only That I have ever been able to work with because of the way that it's set up. It's very simple. It's very to the point and I feel that I can connect but I don't have to sit with myself for hours at a time. So it doesn't feel overwhelming and anxious for me. How did you come up with the idea to set it up in this way? So I'm big on guided journaling. It's always been something that has called me as a writer who is also really into tune or tries to be really in tune with introspection. So I knew that when I created the today I affirm Journal that I wanted it to be accessible non-intimidating fun and also pretty straightforward and easy. So that's really the messaging behind it was to keep it simple. But also give it some depth with the reflective and meditative questions. I get a lot of people who come to my workshops and Treats who say like, I can't write and I am a big believer that that is untrue. I think that everybody can write in their own way. And sometimes we just need a little nudge. So I often call myself to like my students and clients, but Niger, I like to nudge people in the direction of their voice through writing and that's what guided journaling has done has done for me and the community that also uses my workbooks and the today I affirm journal in particular and I came up Up with it just because it's something that I needed and that I enjoyed and I figured if I needed it and enjoyed it then I couldn't be the only one. So that's where it was birthed from and you're not here most definitely not so you mentioned that you think everybody is a writer. I consider myself a writer in the sense that I write scholastically or I right, you know from I reviewed journals or talk about science, but the things that you write about or so Soulful and Anytime I read the things that you share I'm like, yes that is speaking right to my soul. And I feel that it kind of hits me on a different level and it's something that I want to develop and do more of so kind of getting a little bit deeper more below the surface kind of stuff. What do you think allows you to get to that place? That's a really good question what allows me to get to my soul for place? So I'm big on on being authentic and authentic to me not necessarily to like for rather the world's approval, right? So what is authentic to me in my true self and a lot of that work that I have shared that I've written in my books. Everything is a reflection of of truly my soul and my journey and my growth and my authentic voice and I think that it's really important. Important for folks to understand that your authentic Voice May not sound like someone else's authentic voice. So if I had to sit down and write a scholarly paper, I probably could in the teacher would probably be like oh but this is way too Soulful. This is way too rooted in emotion and feeling like where are the facts here, right so I probably could do it. But I enjoy it probably not but like everybody is so different in their ability to write even those folks. I would say like yourself A who are more rooted in Academia and academic writing there is a soul within you and you absolutely can tap into your Soulful and true authentic self and Voice by just trying it out and seeing where it goes and also checking yourself when you're writing. I have to do that a lot in my own Soulful writing and my own I guess manuscripts for my books and things like that like Alex. Are you being authentic are you telling? Truth, how do you feel about this? So I think everybody can do it kind of just cried a little and I can I have my soul in through that, you know, I could emic Academia. Yeah and still when I'm journaling I find myself being very proper with the way that I write right. So it's like make sure that there's a comma here or a period here or that this is a full sentence and I just I feel like I'm blocked you think that people can become blocked by Trying to make sure that everything is so proper. I think so and something that helped me with that too. Because I actually am a stickler for grammar and punctuation. I went to school for English and journalism. So I am those things as well. But when I'm journaling, I have come to the point where everything doesn't have to be perfect. Sometimes I won't even cross my T's and Dot my eyes literally because if I do it kind of makes me lose track of the thought so I'll go back and reread crossed he's got Add comments add periods and my kind of just flow that way. I mean, of course because I'm an author and I write books like I could never turn in my manuscript to to Chronicle and be like, here you go. Here's my free-flow morning Pages like make a book out of it. They would be like, okay. This is going to be really hard to edit and no, you know what? I mean? So I think it's really important that in our Journal practice. We are able to have less rigidness less. Action something that really helped me kind of get there was doing morning pages from artists way if anyone is familiar with that book by Julia Cameron, and it's just amazing. And if you're looking to find your creative Voice through journaling in a really authentic free-flowing creative way pick up morning. I'm sorry pick up the artists way. The morning pages will push you to do that. I hate morning Pages they are now. My favorite but they have taught me so much and whenever I feel like I'm losing myself losing my voice being too rigid showing up on the page a little too want to be perfect. I get out my morning Pages because you just right you don't even pick up the pen. You're not allowed to go back and reread anything. You're not supposed to be stopping and periods and commas and apostrophes it all those things. You're just supposed to be writing and that's literally like a brain dump for the day you do it at the top of the Ting and it when I have done them I get some of my best work after the fact because I'm allowed to be super flawed and imperfect on the page and knowing that that's the expectation versus the expectation that I may have on myself to like have this look pretty or sound pretty or what have you any of the other like things that we kind of put on ourselves his expectations that can kind of Hold Us hostage. So yeah, that's what I would say to that. I don't know if I answered your question, but Research these morning Pages because I think I need this in my last second. Yes, you do. Absolutely. I think that it kind of, you know, the way we show up on papers also kind of how we show up in life, you know, if you feel a little bit of rigidity and Perfection, that's probably how you're going to be throughout your life. So in relationships, you might find yourself also being a bit rigid or you know, perfectionist and expectations and things like that and I definitely see that in myself. I don't know if that's kind of something that you can relate to. Oh, totally, I think fighting perfectionism is hard especially in a world that encourages perfectionism specifically among women. And yeah, it's a challenge but I think that's really where we're able to find ourselves is through the imperfection and through trying to be perfect and then figuring out oh that shit doesn't work. Sorry for cussing that stuff doesn't work. So I don't know that doesn't work. But I mean like it being perfect is not a way to get closer to ourselves. It causes anxiety. It causes really unhealthy control issues, especially in my own life. When I've tried to like move through a space with a facade of perfection. It doesn't translate in an honest way. So then you can't even connect with the people around you because you're not showing up as you're flawed human self. And that's something I've been learning over the years to is like just show up as who you are and that is not a person a being of perfection everything that people respect that people are able to connect with that more specifically in like this day of age this day and age of social media and how everything looks super pretty and perfect in those little squares on Instagram and look so put together in the captions and like all of that. It's a good reminder to say. Hey, like who am I today and also I'm not perfect and I don't have to be so that's kind of how I reflect but I'm moving through the world in that way. Yeah, just kind of hearing that about social media. I thought the same thing because I'm very guilty of you know, my feed looking a certain way or making sure that the colors look this way and everything looks organized and everything in my head has to look perfect, you know, and it kind of prevents me sometimes I think of just showing up and being vulnerable and we love vulnerability and other people But we very much dislike it in ourselves because it's very uncomfortable. So hearing you share that it's like yes. Yes, I love that and then when it comes time to turn it on ourselves, then it's like no I'm good. It's an active. It's an act of Bravery for sure. And also I think self-awareness. I love vulnerability. I love it for myself, but it makes me very uncomfortable and I've been able to exercise the most vulnerability in my in my marriage because That is like that was very hard for me like interacting with relationships with men and that's a whole nother story. I won't go there but I have learned that vulnerability is what I need to be seen and heard and understood so I actually love it. But it is it is super uncomfortable. But I've grown to like kind of carry it on my shoulder with me. It's all my sleeves these days. And do you find that just being more vulnerable? Honorable or kind of putting yourself out there opens up more space for vulnerability and getting more comfortable with it. Yeah, and then I also think it gives other people this unspoken permission to do the same. Hmm like being vulnerable in my marriage allows my children to see that me and my husband are human and we love each other and we can show up as are flawed selves and then in turn they're watching us kids watch every move, but they can be vulnerable with us and in turn with there. Friends and the other people in the world that they're moving around when we may not be present. So it's this whole like kind of cycle. I really do believe it starts at home. So even if someone is not married, you know, or does not have children who can you start being vulnerable with so that you're able to shift that Narrative of vulnerability means weakness because it doesn't and sometimes that just starts with self accountability and and those self talks and then sometimes that means like You're vulnerable with the close friend or Or with a parent or with a teacher and it just takes practice to get there and I think everybody can if they want to it's definitely a choice and definitely something that when we're ready to do it needs to be in a safe space. So somebody that we trust somebody that we care for somebody new girl has our best interest. Otherwise, I could be very disastrous. Absolutely. I would definitely say with a trusted person and that goes for self too. Like and that will open up a whole nother conversation indoor on self trust and like getting through that moving through that. So yeah, that's another thing, you know trusting yourself to be able to do all these things as well. Am I capable and that kind of that is a whole another episode but there's something very spiritual to me. I mean, I could be completely wrong, but the way that I read the way that you've right. Sounds spiritual to me in the way that I like to practice or see my spirituality. Are you a spiritual person? I would say I'm a spiritual person and I grew up Baptist. I am no longer associated with any type of organized religion, but I do think that for me having a relationship with God the universe higher power. Whoever you want to call it. Whatever you want to call the spirit has been able. Shape how I tell my truth. So yeah, I would say I am spiritual. I love to be connected to the fact that there's something greater than me out there. And I don't know what that something is. It could just be how the planets are aligned but there's something that is way bigger than Alexandra. That's way bigger than Alex El that's way bigger than my career. That's way bigger than anything. That's really the driving force of where my voice comes from. So Yeah, I love that. I'm similar as well. I was raised Catholic and I would still I guess consider myself Catholic but there's something more spiritual to the way that I practice I think and that is through that inner wisdom or that interconnection. But I think that's sometimes religion gets a little bit away from it in terms of you know, there is a way to do this. There's a writer there's a wrong way and so I found that in my own development spiritually speaking. There has been a lot of tuning in words and kind of finding out for myself what that looks like what spirituality means I've kind of one of the things that I really wanted to work on this year kind of honing in on that and going that direction. You mentioned that you have actually didn't mention it this time. I know this because we've talked about it before but you have three children, right? I do have three daughters, right? And so you have three daughters you have your own business. - you're wrong workshops you writing to you are you know all the amazing things that you do? How do you or how are you able to kind of do all the things that you do? It takes a lot of harmonizing of my time. So that is what I would say and that looks like making sure that there's a time and a place for everything and that there's a specific valence to it and some days that works. Some days that does it and I so I also think it takes a lot of patience and self-forgiveness and and self-awareness. I'm a workaholic. I love what I do. I love what I do and I could do it all day and sometimes my husband most days. My husband is like hey, have you eaten? Hey, it's family time. Come on. We're going to watch this show computers off phones away because I could literally like our watch the show and I'll be and he's like no, we're not doing that today, you know, so it's like finding my Center giving my family all of me not pieces of me giving my work all of me and also knowing that I can't always do it at the same time because then I'm not able to be present in the way that I want to be. So I guess to answer your question II can't do it all I don't really try to do it all as much as I used to. But when I do have a lot on my plate which requires a hundred percent of me, I have to harmonize it and that looks like putting it on the calendar having these hard stops after you know meetings or phone calls understanding that when I'm with my kids. I'm with my kids. No working that can be very very challenging to not pick up my phone and check that email or get back to that client. I get back to that student for get back to my publisher and knowing that things can wait. That's really really challenging for me to really I mean, I know that but to exercise The Waiting can be hard. So it's a work in progress and it is something that I have to continue to be mindful of daily as my business grows as my brand grows and maybe even as my family grows, you know what I mean, especially as my children grow, so it's interesting for sure and it's never perfect. It's so interesting that you mentioned that because I view you and I think a lot of us do is this self-care Queen so hearing you kind of struggle a bit with making sure that your present and making sure that you're dedicating your time to just one thing and that you're there and that you're a bit of a workaholic. It's like, oh, I wonder if the things that she's writing to us all are also reminder to herself. You know, that's it. I don't write for you guys. I write for me and then I write for you. No, but in all seriousness to be able to have my listen to what my husband is saying that he's observing is self care. It requires an amount of self honor to be able to step away from something to be able to be wrong about something to be able to be corrected and or constructively criticized about something for me. That is a part of my self care. Actors, you know, I think people get so woo about self-care like it has to be a bubble-bath. It has to be this big Dynamic massage or I don't know like there's so many things that are self care for people and that can be considered self care. But also there are accessible and free things like gentle reminders from the our loved ones that can be viewed as self-care because then they make us think and it makes us go Inward and then we're being introspective and who knows with me for sure it translates on the page, right? So when I am writing I am writing for me everything that's on my social media is to myself. I know that other people will resonate with it and other people will need it. Hence why it is shared but I when I had to stop writing for other people a long time ago because then it was not authentic to Alex it was for I'm writing this may be because someone really needs it not I'm writing this because Needed and then if someone else needs it, that's a bonus and I was really kind of stretched in that way after completing this last book that's coming out in October. It's called after the rain and it's a collection of essays that read like Memoirs like many encapsulated Memoirs and it required me to show up on the page for me and only me and that is a challenge sometimes but that is where my best work comes from when I'm not trying to do. something for someone else but when I'm really taking care of the home base first and then the outpouring of abundance or Clarity or blessings and whatever you want to call it can touch someone else literally gonna just listen to this podcast every day and remind myself to write for myself because I think that's a huge pressure that we have when we share things of pleasing others and making sure that the things that we are sharing or putting out into the world will resonate but I love That you've wanted it because it's about us and sharing the things that we want to share because they are for us and then if it suits them buddy else than great. That's an added bonus. I absolutely love that. It is so special and then when you were just talking about self-care and being present for your husband, it kind of brought this whole idea of self-care as family care kind of, you know, something that you do for yourself, but that also benefits your family or it also benefits your And ships and I don't think that we think of self-care in that way very often. I want more people to think of it as that because that's what it's evolved in for me because I was the reason why I started taking care of myself is because I wasn't taking care of myself and because I was showing up in spaces where other people counted on me and I was not able to be present and I'm like what the heck is happening? Like why am I feeling so Zapped after this? After showing up for someone why am I feeling so depleted and like I want to run away and hide like, I know I'm an introvert but like this is a whole nother level of like energy exchange and that is because I was not taking care of myself and as a partner in love with my husband and as a mother I have to take care of me to take care of them and there is absolutely no way. That I could show up as my best self to buy was not taking care of myself. I mean me and dr. Nedra who's also a therapist had this conversation on my podcast a few weeks ago. We're literally like we were talking about motherhood and like if we don't drink enough water if we're not staying hydrated, we can't breastfeed our children. There will not be enough for the baby. So we have to drink water and we have to eat good foods so that our bodies can produce something that Sharing with our child. So if we think about self-care and that way be it a parent or not like yo, that's like really what it is filling up the cup so that you can share your abundance with those around you and that is how I look at myself care practice. If I don't sleep good at night. I am no good in the morning and neither of my kids because we're all waking up late. We're all off our routine, you know, and then it's just it just gets It's wild if I'm not if I'm not exercising, like if I don't go to boxing and get some of my frustrations out during the week. My husband can tell you that all you need to go hit the bag, you know, because they're not able to really like show up without that edge. I'm I can be very edgy. I can be kind of confrontational. I have a big personality at home. So I need to be able to balance and that's what's so amazing like being around. But you trust because you can really truly be your full self and my husband can be like yo, do you need an app like what's up, you know and I can and I can say that to him like Hey, babe, you need to go eat and go take a nap. Oh my God, he's just said he doesn't like my exact words for my husband and like go can do want me to cook you something to go to order takeout, whatever something you hungry and it's so funny because like nobody likes it. Talk about that. Nobody likes to talk about being a pain in the ass at home and being grumpy and not showing up as their full self because people like to put on like they're always there full self. We're not always our full self. Sometimes we are the worst parts of ourselves. Sometimes we're not the best parts of ourselves. Sometimes where average and like that's a part of the human experience and I want more people to be okay with showing up as half themselves and then having someone they love check them and then they're able to go replenish and then it can come back to the situation and be like, oh, I am here's the here's the best part of me. So, you know when people realize I mean it goes back to the Perfection question, like we're not we're not perfect. We don't have to be and I think that that's super important to lean deeper into yeah, it's funny. You said that we're not perfect my husband whatever. He tells me. I'm not doing something right? I'm like, yeah, but it's a good thing. I'm really good at this and this and this here's a reminder to you. I'm not always great at this or that but I'm very good at all these other things and that's okay. Yep. I have this image now in my head a Mother drinking water and being able to provide milk for her baby as self care for the person and self care for others. My mind is blown right now sit for a second with and dr. Nedra. She was like, have you ever thought about that? And I was like Yes, and that is the truth like yes, that is self-care. There's a definition breastfeeding your baby. And also like if we if people are listening to their not parents, they're not mothers are not breastfeeding drinking water. So you don't pass out and get dehydrated on the street. Like, you know what I mean? Like you literally have to hydrate you have to hydrate so that you can show up if you pass on the street and the other meeting at work hikers. Show up at the meeting as your best self. You're going to be cranky. You're going to be or you're going to be on the street with a concussion. I'm just a I'm just making light of this but like seriously, like sometimes we just have to laugh about it and be like, you know what it's time for me to go drink my glass of water. It's time for me to hide raised time for you to self care and whatever way that looks and feels good and it's not, you know, self-harm and all that. Yeah, many of the things that you share also have a bit of a not a bit a lot of a therapeutic tone. To them. Have you ever been in therapy? I was in therapy as a young person. I guess I'm still kind of young but like as like as an 18 19 20 21 22 year-old. I was in therapy and I found my voice in therapy because I had an amazing therapist. Her name is Miss Bedelia. I don't know where she is today, but just they are we remember you remember you. I love you. I miss you. Just think like Southern Belle just amazing kind warm person. And she's the first person to give me my emotional toolbox. And she was like in your emotional toolbox hear some breathing techniques in your emotional toolbox here some affirmations in your emotion toolbox here some journaling that I want you to do and I found my voice. I've always been a writer. I've always been a writer since I was a young girl. I loved writing stories and I love writing poetry. But I never really wrote for myself to find out what was wrong or to vent or to address trauma and triggers until I met her and how would you say that that has also helped you become the writer that you are today. It reminds me to be authentic reminds me of like the struggle of where I used to be. I was so sad and depressed. It's often suicidal I used to to cut my wrist. I was very very sad after I had my first daughter. I was 18. I'm 30 now, so it's been a while but it was a really really hard time for me and I wanted to kill myself. I remember like trying to do it and oh how I wish I could go back and just Comfort young Alex and I do that a lot now and my journaling work. I write notes to self iComfort young Alex. I tell her I love her and I'm glad she's still here how she made it through the pain and I think that's why my writing feels therapeutic because it literally was therapy for me and it saved my life. That's why I try to give the gift of writing to other people. That's why today I affirm was born to like you can you can heal yourself and if you need extra help healing yourself take that journal to a therapist. You trust your psychiatrist you trust and help and have them help you work. Through it have them help you work through you in these different ways because that's I would not be here. If it were not for Miss Bedelia and if it were not for my writing practice, I would not I would be dead. How amazing is that? How amazing to think that something that we can do for ourselves? I mean obviously through the therapy and through the help that you were receiving, but you were able to tune into this power that you had inside you to survive to continue and to do so much more than you thought that you were capable of, you know. Absolutely. That's so beautiful. Do you still go to therapy today? I do not. I'm looking for a new therapist. I had found this woman who was absolutely amazing, but we really didn't connect and she was amazing but not for me. It is like dating it real my God it is and at this point in my life to I'm also looking for a black woman. Yes. Yes, and I have not been able to find one that is Close to home. So I am still looking I know that they're out there somewhere and you know when I find them I'll I will be very happy. But in the meantime, I tried to stay grounded through meditation through my writing practice and also just knowing that like I have my answers to like I've grown to the I was talking to my husband about this earlier today in the car like I've grown Grown to know that I can trust myself and that I can be my greatest teacher. So for me now therapy, I need therapy as maintenance, you know to like really tune in at a someone to ask me the hard questions and things like that, but when I don't have that I know that I could ask myself the hard questions. They probably won't translate the same because I'll be talking through it with myself and I always do love having that neutral party to kind of like push back on and that's Really why I want therapy now is as emotional maintenance and to be questioned. So what we'll see I am convinced that 2020 is my year to find a black woman therapist. Yes, and it's interesting that you mentioned that because it's something that I think about often, you know, the therapeutic field is very much one female and two white kinds of questions that we are asking our not always informed by our clients reality. I know we are taught as therapists that we can connect to anybody and yes we can but there's something so powerful about being with somebody in the therapy room that can see you and understand you holy you know it on so many levels than just that therapeutic one indeed. What is your favorite fun? Self-care? I know we've talked about very Spiritual and practical and all those other things that are little bit less well known but your favorite fun self-care. Oh my goodness. My favorite fun. Self-care is Dancing with my kids, especially with my two-year-old. She is a music junkie like her dad and whatever music comes on she goes dance party. So when she says dance party is on so we get in the kitchen you turn the music up real loud and we danced and that gets my endorphins going. It makes me feel good and it's so interesting. I used to dance ballet and Jazz as a teenager and from a little girl up to a teenager and I quit after I had my daughter my first daughter and I went back every so often. Just like practice but then I didn't and it and years had gone by a years had gone by so last Sunday. I went back to dance class as many tired right now continue, but I seriously like little Maria right now is happy and I am taking modern dance every Sunday from 2:00 to 3:30, and it's amazing and there's so many different people in the class. So it's an adult class. There's Young Folks old folks white folks black folks Spanish votes gay folk straight folks. It is so fun and we are in there and modern is very kind of like eclectic. So, of course, we kind of feel foolish when we first start, but our teacher is amazing and we had so much fun and every Sunday until April. I will be doing modern dance and I am so happy about it. I'm so not jealous. I'm so excited for you and so inspired now, Because one of my 2020 things to do was to take a dancing or acting class when I was younger. I love to act and of course, there is no reinforcement because you're never going to make any money doing that. So that was always like not very much encouraged but I loved it and I really got away from that. So hearing you say that you're a dancer and you took time and now you're going back. I'm yes. I'm geared. I'm feeling you know that inner child. Child of me wanting to do that as well. So I will wait Maria do it hotter modern. You think I should go modern or where should I start? Definitely start with modern because it'll stretch you and make you feel like a fool and then you'll be like, I'm not a fool because we know none of us know what we're doing and this is so fun and it's just there's no it's imperfect. I think the best thing I need right now. Yeah to do next on my list. Thank you so much Alex for taking the time to talk with me today was an amazing conversation that I know that I will be replaying for myself as I learn to do things for myself and letting go of that need to please others and showing up authentically for myself. And then if other people like it great, I think this podcast is exactly that kind of having conversations with people that I admire for myself for my own benefit and if you guys like it it great. If not, I'm going to keep listening to my own podcast. That's amazing. Thank you so much for having me. It's been a pleasure. Thank you so much. Thank you for tuning into the Mind Meets Body podcast if you like what you heard, make sure to hit the Subscribe button below. If you're looking for more things holistically Grace check out my Instagram at holistically Grace and my website www.realisticpencildrawing.com. Please be mindful that the conversations found the podcast are for educational purposes only. Lee they're not meant to diagnose treat or replace the personalized care provided by trained professional. In fact, it is my hope that these topics encourage you to reach out and seek help no shame attached until next time friends. Stay compassionate.