Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that. The Ring Power shift, when's this out? Watch 10th, March 10, it's February 24th of recordings. Probably out in a couple days. So do you want us to launch the you have any preference of launching? We'll figure that out after talking it out demons. Got a new book It's called Power shift. I'm excited to be with him. We've jammed a bunch. There's one point we can be very old men and look back to our films together. And yeah, that's gonna be fun obviously wildly accomplished entrepreneur star one of the stars of shark tank, but more importantly for me. Ivory I'm starting to get really like weird as I get older meaning I've gotten very focused even recent times even more around kindness and like who do I want to be around when I just genuinely I saw you very recently maybe four to seven eight ten weeks ago at a keynote that we were both. We were both speaking at an event and I saw you for a brief second because you spoken on was the Green Room. I was running up and like it's really interesting. I was on The age they're just kind of announcing me. We saw each other we adapt it up. And as I was walking on stage it was I literally was speaking to myself before I said hello to the crowd of like it's really funny when you like somebody what happens with your chemicals in your body. It happened when I just saw you not Lobby and it's happening right now. I like nice. Yeah, and so for all your accomplishments, obviously, I don't know you all the way through and haven't been enough situations, but for me personally from what I know, I really appreciate your niceness and I think you're a nice human. That's the nice. Best thing I can say and so I'm glad you're on the show. I think the same here. I think they'll only see each other. You know, we've been we've talked about getting the family together, but you and I probably realized actually going to happen or it will it will when it's like that's don't crush it. Right and that's what's going on with you. You look good. I wanted a more on Monday because I got a question for you man, please why people so fucking stupid. There's a lot of fucking stupid people out there. Well, how do you mean it? Well, here's what happened. Well, how do you think last year's wild? Here's why I'm sending his why I'm stressed today the first day of 51 because people still morons I put up some that. I saw a media black something something something and it broke down and said, you know, what do you realize that the inspiration for X-Men for Stanley was Malcolm X and Martin Luther King. I didn't know that Magneto was Malcolm X destroy the world fucking they don't like us and and Xavier is chill out the inspiration force. Is that true so fucking so I'm not going to jump around and just assume right I go and do my research. I find various articles History Channel what people I put in a link in my bio and I represented Stanley for the last five years before he passed as licensing his name. I called his family and That is this true. Everybody confirm that's neat. Most of the people on their said I didn't I didn't know it's true. I didn't know shoe but there was about five percent. I see I'm sorry. I'm not I'm now but I think I'm falling he posted this posted this and when you're saying and I showed me that and I said you want to go to my link check this out mean comments how most common that showed pictures of him and I obviously I'm pretty competent been around some really great people half of the half of the morons. Are the five percent were it's not true 2.5% so 2.5. It's not true. Okay. These are the people that are the only get one source of information from any place in every place and they don't give us a racist statement. Like just well not be very hot. Probably, right? Yeah, baby Grayson is raised on both sides. I'll tell you why because the ones who said it wasn't true happened not to be of African-American descent. Okay, the other half happened to be of African-American descent said well then why didn't he just make them black? Yeah. All right number one if he would have made them black. This would have been called the Martin Luther King and Malcolm X Chronicles, and we've already seen that how we was going down. He got inspired. Doesn't mean the entire context of the entire body of X-Men is Malcolm X and Martin Luther King and the other half of the ignorant ones just didn't do their homework. It's right there in front of you. All you have to do is read the link and then go and do your research. I think why why why what happened? But here's the good news if there's more morons like that than you and I and the hard-working people watching this with common sense and homework and busting their ass can survive. how can the rich interesting five you know, it's really interesting where my brain goes in this I'm I'm deeply empathy like, you know, it's funny. Like I don't know like I understand what you're saying period next sentence. It's wild to me how much that doesn't upset me. It actually like it doesn't upset me. I just humans are humans, you know, I'm grateful. More when I see stuff like that, I'm more grateful because I've been thinking a lot about like what makes somebody not like something. Yeah, and when I see anybody not liking look I think the big thing, you know, it makes me grateful that I do like I'll give you a good example. I was just thinking about this and it's perfect with you like every time you're winning as an entrepreneur, right and there's a world right now where entrepreneurs are superheroes. Yeah, right. Yeah, and let's call it. There's 500 entrepreneurs that probably have Tension at a Superhero level some people are Superman and and and Spider-Man, you know, Jeff Bezos Elon Musk other people are you know Rogue from X-Men like there's everyone sits in the spot. It's been really interesting. I'm uncomfortably competitive. Like I wildly want to win at all times. However in parallel is a contradiction, I think the world is so abundant that I really cheer for people when they get wins. I love it. Yeah, like I want to win. And like do I think I'm competing with every other entrepreneur I do at the same token. I know I'm not competing with any other entrepreneur in the world is abundant. Anyway, this is one long-winded thing to say of like if you have the energy to dislike or hate or drag down or tear down buildings shit's not good in your soul true. But if you are just not even going to the point of hating. I don't think they hate it. They just made comments without doing their research. Now what's going on in their life because what they sit around listening Was a little people super successful. I don't know but if something is going on there, like why don't you look and say it's why whether it's hate it's like it's like the energy You to try to tear something else down whatever you want to call it. It's fascinating. Look. I think the greatest thing is happening right now the internet in its current state people called social media call it whatever you want the internet and its current state is exposing human beings at a level. We've never seen before absolutely and everyone thinks everything is super bad. And I think this is the beginning of the greatest era of the human race. I genuinely believe that I genuinely believe that the fact that we're now getting a better view of our Elves is going to lead to very interesting good behavior hundreds of years ago. Well, the more the more the data the more than formation is out there the more you can scrape. It was like, oh now it sucks because social media fomo all this. I'm like, we've always been insecure wolverson 99% people are insecure. Yeah or whatever. It's not you to or 79 and a stunning amount of people are insecure and when you're insecure the way to mask that is to buying things to disguise it and tearing down others judgment. Well, there it is. So there it is. Anyway, so that's what I'm more pumped because That makes I'm like thrilled that now I know how the X-Men was inspired which is fucking epic is so so and then he would go on and I was to do all the ones one other one. Now, this is where I need the fact Checkers. I haven't had time. I had heard it right after I posted it that when he did Black Panther, I believe they said something in the nature of like in three Series in or five and maybe we could check out while we're here. Hey, you need to have some people of other colors and white people in you know with the Black Panther think so, I believe he the next one he put in was the Black Panther beating up the cake. Okay, so that's what we have to fact-check that one. We have to fact-check first appearance was what in Fantastic Four? Let's go. Yeah, it's something why did you write this book? Why do I write this for you under contract and you need to bang them out? No, no, no extremely hard. I'm dyslexic and you know, so I wrote this book because it was about one week that I got as we all get out things from people all the time and they were asking me how to create change in their lives and I've seen you say it often you're not going to do anything right after I tell you this right most of them right and they will all using and masking it with. Well. Here's my A job here this and that, you know, Warren Buffett says some really amazing. You may go throughout various aspects of your life. But the only thing that you are fully in control of his yourself and I realized that people just didn't understand what they can do today to make them better put tomorrow and the next day and the next day and it was all about negotiation. I think the the thing that makes me or somebody else more successful lesson, it's all of the aspects of what we negotiated in life. First of all with ourselves second of all with the surrounding it In the families or whatever the case is third of all with our position. Listen, I was born black that's not going to change. I'm not going to be Chinese white or yellow tomorrow that is what it is. And that's what it is. Get over it move forward use it as an asset in any place that I can whatever the case is. So people always thought that negotiation and those things that nature to create change is either you having all the power or somebody else taking the power from you or they got to give it to you and it's not that way the Deep. Unhappiness exact the second you think somebody else is in control? You're in a big trouble when someone else control your destiny you're in big trouble like about this a lot and I obviously falls into race and gender issues. But I actually think about it in parenting Dynamics so much and it happens when and this is a three part you have to build influence you have to then negotiate and you have to nurture a long relationship because this part of the relationship we just had created some kind of value. It's nothing comparison to here. Has to all be concise and I don't think people understand it. So if somebody said bombing elevator would Gary Vee I never thought I would see guy who's in Oklahoma. I never thought I'd see Gary Vee in my life. How am I going to build influence with him? When I got 90 seconds. Listen, first of all, make sure the picture you say really quick is you know, what's in it for Gary how you've been doing really well with it and the fact that you're going to be successful with or without him and not but if you're going to have if you can offer some opportunity to them let him know your influence is when Gary and his team is gonna go back and look at the shit. You've been saying for the last 10 years on social media good bad or indifferent. They're either going to say I want this person around me or I don't want this person around me and it's not just you you're hanging out with this person right here who you would never bring to a Gary's office because he's an alcoholic or misogynist or racist Pig stop taking pictures with him posting them all over your psyche is Gary's not just looking there Gary's looking everywhere around you and people don't understand how important the influence was that they To build prior to then negotiating and then valuing the relationship and it just simple stop simple. Stop simple when it's quiet in one's head. Right, like I've been thinking a lot about this like I wanted to ask you this. How quiet and slower things for you. I've been thinking and here's how I'm saying it like you here athletes talk about when the game slows down. Yeah, I'm manic in my schedule and Mike I'm a you know, I'm also an extrovert by nature. And so there's a lot of things that go on with my energy and I wish there was a way that I could explain to people how slow Everything feels to me. Same here good. I think that's why we see on the road so much and people ask why do we do it? Why shouldn't I do it? You know, I'm actually Like it that style of it. I'm sorry. I'm tweaking my life and I'm making sure that all right family needs to come out here. And you spend more time here. I need to do more of this off. I need more great people around me a lot of more Robins. So I'm Batman and they're robbing their Robin. I'm Batman half the time I need I need more because I'm not going to die. I'm not going anywhere. What am I gonna do and I'm educating myself while I'm out there. I'm expanding my network. Can you explain to the kids out here? How crazy you feel at 51 how young and Alive you feel? Like does that scare the 18 year old you could you have ever imagined being this fresh at 51 now, you know when we were that age I was thinking like 51 was you know, I always tell the short girl cousin Bobby was in my dad's liquor store when I got there. He'd been there since he was 18. He was 30 when I was 22 and got their full time. I thought he was so fucking old 30 seem like you don't wanna hang out with the youngsters that work for me. I'm like I get it like I always laugh I'm like man, I think like me like, I think John and Jason are the same and they think I'm fucking like Dad yeah, I'm like no no, we're homies like brothers they're like, no dad and I'm like I laugh about that because I'm 4430 seem old as fuck knowing cutting your roots. It must blow you away. I've been like 35 wait, this is a new year. So I've been in 35 cities amazing. What is there for half of them upon Golden Globes McGregor fight Oscars Super Bowl, you know, whatever the case is speaking and then hang them take my family Bahamas and then Carter. Hey Nia for a wedding. Let's go. Great speed, it's great. It's great. And yeah, it doesn't did real quick. I apologize. I'm gonna get a little more about what this is about. But I want to use most of the majority of the 20 to 30 minutes that you know to answer some questions. So look regardless of what the books about here's your chance to ask Damon a question. So putting your phone numbers on LinkedIn. We're about to get some go in a minute, but I want Damon to listen anybody in our community if listen I'm not this person, but if you were the person that actually learns from books, if you're part of this community, I find it highly unlikely that whatever discounted price on Under Barns and Nobles over to fuck you can find us that it's not going to be worth that Roi if you know how to get information out of book form. So I highly recommend you picking it up because I know this dude doesn't put down bad product. But like Damon for the people that are like a fuck that like, I don't wanna spend 16 bucks. Like if you can go narrow and to why this book versus just following you on social or anything in that nature. Is there anything what how are you for me when I write books I'm able to go deeper now the shit that I'm putting out headlines on and go narrow and then thus I think it's worth. 18 bucks. I was think that way how do you think about this? Yeah. So so first of all, of course you can get any information from me free all the time C NBC ABC, you know on my social media platforms. Yeah, but of course, of course absolutely, but if you want to go narrow and deep on how to basically create influence and then how to negotiate and how to develop those relationships. Then this goes granular into it. I have about 10 subjects in there who have all went from industry to Industry and become Titans in various different Industries Pitbull. My bomba socks guys Kris Jenner. Billie Jean King who changed the face of tennis so so this is not just you know, and I honest they change the face of like women women and sports, right? So this is obviously you were in my last book. I only take subjects out that I can learn from on the same path as you are in this. You know, what I'm talking to somebody about negotiation. A lot of people don't realize this is really easy because of social media people talking five different ways and they communicate in poverty in places sight sound sight sound touch taste and smell and it's very simple. If you're on social media, you can look through people's Feeds and you want to talk to them. It's like a used car salesman. Just cross them when you walk into the room. He starts to listen, or she sucks to listen to how you're communicating. All right, there's a red Corvette there as a top-down if you're about site he goes. Can you see yourself driving down the road? Look at the leaves falling and and wondered on a winding road if you're about smells like, can you smell the rich leather? You know, can you smell the air in the crisp air your about sound? Can you hear the engine roaring? And the you see in these various ways of communication you see us do it all the time on Shark Tank has 65% of communication, as you know is body language. The only 7% is exactly what you're saying in the rest is how you set it. Right and there's various different ways to indicate and go through a negotiation. That's why when I get deals I can see when the person putting their hand in pocket putting it here over the air Robert sitting up and he closes book, you know, what's the name? Kevin O'Leary always wants to put something in between you to create the distance and there's a lot of information is book of keys on way to communicate build influence and the nurses That relationship to get way more after that. I love that. Let's get some phone numbers in who's the first person Ronnie? All right. Well Rodney, all right. Um, Yeah, that's interesting. So you think that there's a lot of there's a lot of magazines book that you take away two and three and four them. They just help you close one deal one Deals. Ry+ they let you get the remote control away from your wife or husband. Rodney yes, it's Gary vaynerchuk. You're on with Daymond John garyvee. How you doing? I'm David John. How you doing? Great, whatever are you from? I'm asked to become a sports agent looking forward to that by the end by the beginning of next year to be certified sports agent. What advice would you have for young guy? Like Ed internet internet field there? I got a background of playing football have friends in the NFL right now, but for me starting out, you know being so close to the game. What advice would you give me, you know to become a successful sports agent. Let me give you my take and then Tim see if you can fill out some spots. So the biggest thing I've learned ages. Been in business now for four years feiner Sports the biggest thing that's really honest is that it's a lot more simple than you think like I keep watching us loose Let Me Go a different route the players that we lose to other agencies. We're offering disproportionate more impact financially and infrastructure wise strictly because that player liked a different agent more than the agent we put in front of them whether that's a j or brand Parker or Tommy or Brian? You will be blown away. My man of how much of this is strictly being liked. We ban life. You will be blown away. You're going to go into this business and be discouraged because you're gonna be like, wait the five biggest firms back to what Damon said. He's not going to change. That was black. I'm not going to change that. I started it. That way. I was not athletically inclined or educationally inclined which made everybody from the 70s and 80s feel like shit. If you for the first 18 years of your life like, Like that doesn't change and I'll tell you this number when you get into the game. If you start small or a small firm, you're gonna go what every agent does which is like, woe is me, it's CA it's Roc Nation by time you get into it. We're like on our way. We have 13 guys in this draft. It's been written. We're going to be a player but the reality is I'm watching people strictly pick people unlike ability. Nothing else not what they can do like plenty people go to Rockfish because they want their selfie with Jay-Z plenty of people go to Vayner Sports because they want business. And life after football and off the field sub plenty of people go to athletes first because Moolah get is a great agent and they build a thing that like there's a lot of places where people go I am stunned and I mean stunned on how many people go with the person they liked the most like tired boy. No, so right now I'm a very likable guy. Well good news. Good news. Good news is so real quick and I'll let you jump in Jimmy Damon good news, you're gonna talk yourself out of all the things you're going to talk about all these other things that you need to do all we need to get marketing, right? We need to be social media right? I got to get some of my homies. I played with football cosine. You're gonna think about a million other things that you're going to learn matter and I'm telling you. If the fucking percent of it is do human beings like you and if you actually leaned into that mentally you're gonna get real happy because you're gonna realize that you don't have to work on all these things that you think you have to work on. Damn it. Yeah. I mean, I think it's about the same thing. I mean, you gotta go narrow and deep when your targets that you want and like he was saying you're gonna you're gonna go everywhere but I think also the co-signing of the people that you already know that really do like it you could tell us your like what what what everybody's going to be on their first date telling you, you know, your baby's beautiful right or they're beautiful. You got to dig deep into your into your dad database and go after one two key players that like you and that you like and then you can bring value to and just keep having these other people also co-signing. Like you said you're going to try to get all the people just get one or two people that really really mess with you to dig deep and you gotta of course be out there doing your homework and be ready to pound the phone. So those cats and let them see that you're ready to just put in the hours, you know, I'll give you two more insights because I really want you to win one everybody matters. I went through this whole thing of like the parents matter the parents don't matter that, you know, the uncle matters Uncle doesn't matter the trainer matters. The trainer doesn't matter the coach matters that here's the rule every fucking person matters because they're influencing. These are young kids and then finally complete and utter Detachment. You're gonna get your heart broke some kids going to tell you you're his guy all the way through all the way through all the way through and then it's going to come to Signing Day and they're going to call you and be like, yeah, I'm going with this other firm. I'm Sorry, see you I've heard those stories already. We say Seafood go in the future. Yeah, you can go to fool.com and get that. Yeah, it can make a comeback at all depends on how much energy that I want to put into it and I have all the partners that have been putting energy into it, but it absolutely could make a comeback. It won't be on the same platforms before Justin retail. It probably should be a subscription service or one of those things and absolute these a lot of content out there. That was a lot of history. It's a global brand but we need to get our ducks in order to thanks for the question. Yeah. I mean what am I conic brand it is and I'm with you on that. All right, let's go. Yeah, man, I'm shocked how much these kids are smarter than ever but yet, there's one kid who's like logically talk me through while why we were disproportionately right for him. And then he said but I'm going another guy because it was love at first sight. Who's this? Sorry. Kesari was good. So yeah, so my question is, you know, it's pretty simple but it's pretty complex conjugate as well. So right now, you know, I live in Brooklyn I live with my with my mom and my sister and my twin brother three of us live in one one single room, you know, so it's pretty challenging. No, I'm old. Are you I'm 22 keep going. I'm 22. I just graduated school. So I'm trying to figure out life right now. So I know I'm a hundred percent know what that I want to go into real estate investing. That's that's really where I seem like my business why you know going into it by simply because I feel like I hit the makes a lot of people and also on the flip side not having like a home like where I could really just kind of be myself and you know kind of expand that's really also something that I just kind of, you know, I want the on be able to give other people that that opportunity in order to, you know, have a nice place to live. So right now I feel like the biggest struggles for me has been just pretty much Energy, like that's in like an in the house in the way. So just trying to figure out you know, what is it that I could do just to kind of be at my best self because back in school, you know, I was I was crushing their left and right, you know, I was pretty much manifesting everything that I wanted to and now I feel like it's hard for me to take action why I'm so that's I just feel like it's the negative influences of like my parents and and stuff like that. Why are you still home? Is it that you're taking care of your parents or they disabled or anything like that? Welcome 22 my well. So the reason why is New York's let expensive stuff trying to save a little money. Yep, just the kind of, you know, stay at stay at home for as long as I could but right now like I was I'm going to be eating I was actually yeah, I'm sorry, please finish. Yeah. No, I was actually debating know whether or not like I should go ahead and rent out an apartment. Like I know Ru I mean, it's really interesting. I almost feels like you're having a logical and an emotional conversation with yourself, which I think we all do I love that you're thinking about Saving and you have the humility at 22 to be in your home, which I love. Are you also in a place? Where are your are your parents negative by Nature? Like is that like fucking you up? Yeah. So look, that's really what it's really worth spending on my mom and my dad separated when I was super young. So my mom has been she put four kids through college by herself, you know, he's to make less than $20,000 a year. So super challenging for her just to kind of balance everything. So that's kind of where that negative mindset comes from. Um and are you who are you? Who are you helping her? Yeah, or you say saving because that's she's an amazing. Oh gee mom, but she just happens to have you know through all that adversity some negative Vibes that are potentially fucking you up, right? I'll be honest you I'm not helping her as well. She's really proud. I'm about to save my money and kind of just go after it in the way. But if you did you did you happen to see the post I put over the weekend about this concept of like Build your crew find out they're hungry people and live an hour and a half outside the city and like did that did when you when you saw that what did you think? No, honestly, I thought about doing that. The only thing you know, I do have a lot of loser friends like they're also going out partying. I'm 22, so that's what I that's what most kids there are doing my age, but I've noticed like hey, like what I posted when I posted the second post where I said take over my account everybody and find your people and the hundreds of People that posted in there. They're from New York. Did it cross your mind to DM like all of them be like yo, do you want to do you want to room up or was it what made you not think that podcast? What's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to Yummy text. Cam yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices. So I thought about it a hundred percent for me. Like I'm very cautious as to like who I interact with not now where it's not who I interact with but who I live within the Expect that because I feel like you know it for me it's just all about like having like the right energy and I guess that's kind of like limiting myself and my but aren't sure wait aren't you in that scenario saying no before you even met the fucking person? Yeah, because all you're saying is your family has negative energy in your friends a loser. So you have no other option. You can only go up by moving in with a bunch of guys or girls. I mean, you know people come over here from other countries and they ain't got time to play they're coming over here and they're living in something for $50 a week or and they're busting their ass and this full buildings of them in New York of dancer. Sirs and talented people and tech people. Why aren't you giving that a shot just for a month at least? You know, like where are you find you're not you're not working is going to be with the way the answers came out is Mike. The thing that I spent a lot of time thinking about is why are people saying no before they've tried and and the reason they're saying no, is there either not interested in actually putting in the work or they're insecure and they are fear-based which is okay. There's nothing wrong with that. I'm just trying to really like bring value on this. Call right, and I'm trying to really break down. Like are you also negative by Nature, you know, which is which is also fine. Like I really mean that like I'm trying to get like I want judgment out the fucking window. I want like assessment and action right? Like I'm not judging listen me being positive and optimistic is literally completely predicated on the fact that my parents had sex at that exact moment and gave me that DNA. Its I have no pride and that I'm optimistic that was fucking chance City USA. So as a matter of fact that that leads To gratitude and guilt and deep humility and compassion for others because guess what my sister is not that and I've watched her like I have more I respect my sister more than me. The thing those things came natural to me. Like I respect the fact that I got into shape more than I have all these talents because I actually feel like I worked for that. This was gifted you just like you say no for the other party, by the way, I fully agree with you. I do not think that you should live with people that Don't jive with you fucking decided that every person that left a comment in my post was negative energy. You said no before you said, yes, right, right. Yeah, so I did a reverse I did the reverse when I am when I first saw the pool with fortunate to have a house. I went to work to Red Lobster for anywhere about 50 hours a week and I would then come home work on FUBU for 30 hours a week. I was sleep three nights three hours a night. I have sewing machines in my living room and I slept next to Sonja she's and I rented out my bedroom and all the bedrooms in my house for $25 a piece because I wanted those pizzas strangers to pay the mortgage and they help pay the mortgage. I was getting money over Red Lobster for my day job and that helped me do food before five years. I would have to do two million dollars in sales and food would make the same amount of money. I walked away with and I wouldn't have done that and I wouldn't have had boob. I just have to make another sacrifice and some people pay some people didn't know got robbed in my hallway. My bathroom wall way one day it is what it is. But you know, I kick people out and that's Nana me, you know, you just have to you have to act. Okay, can I shoot question? Yeah, absolutely. How much entitlement or not entitlement do you think you have like from a self-assessment because I think a lot I think a lot about this. It's a really difficult question to ask somebody like hey how entitled are you? Nobody wants to be like all super fucking entitled but on the flip side, I do think entitlement in humility is an interesting framework for all of us to go through because if you're lucky enough on it then an order to figure it out. It can be really good. Right, so I'll be honest with you and you know, I grew up my whole life, you know, pretty much having nothing like literally there were days where I wouldn't even eat it. Why don't we have the meals that I had in school and I'll come home and wait those kind of you know, 8 hours 10 hours and go to breakfast run over and then just kind of go from there. So that may be super humble, you know, just being a very grateful and appreciative of what I do have it's great because you know, but back in school back in college people always always saw me as like the positive person. They don't like I was never negative or anything like that. Being home, I'll be honest with you has made me slightly more negative. Now in the sense that you know, it's that energy just kind of like rubs off on me. So right now so in terms of kind of my entitlement, I feel like I've gotten slightly a little more titles in the sense that like, hey, like why can't I just have like a regular place to live in the way which is kind of weird just negative energy comes from but but you can't but you can write like like I guess my question is like have you got caught up in like New York's expensive? And I have no options, right? Exactly. And you know, I'm sorry. I got a little distracted. Do you have a job I do. Okay so fucking commute longer. Bro, commute further like who the fuck said you had to live in Williamsburg Bushwick or Manhattan? Yeah, like what like right there's people have been her media that commute two and a half hours to be here. I don't know like like this is where I'm going. It's an infant and I'm coming from Love and I hope you can feel it. Like no. No, I was hooked back there and I feel like you can pick it up to I'm excited about this. Like I'm trying to like on some real option shit. Like why not move as far as fuck and come you two hours every morning. So Gary I was going to ask you actually so I really want to I plan on it, you know investing in New Jersey like Union County and stuff like that. Okay, so should I just move over there and just be like fuck it like just go through it and then just figure it out later see this I can say this based on what I'm hearing. And this is a hot take off of fucking 9 minutes and 40 seconds. I think that you should definitely get out of the house. Okay, and so for me whether it's Union, New Jersey, which are arbitrarily picking like dude, I it sounds like you're very far away from real estate investing. No. I mean, so my whole plan was, you know to work with other other investors have been in the game for quite some time. Okay, some deals in kind of have them pay me in that app. So we got to learning I get for I get like, you know stuff like that. Yeah. I just think there's a huge opportunity for you to live further away where you can afford it and you're good. I think people Pick convenience and like to me like an extra hour commute for that mental happiness is like a monster win for you. You were the fucking man at All because you had freedom. I'm just like cool. We won this game move it our further away get a little less sleep or a little less convenience on that hour commute the extra hour on the train you get a lot of shit done and you to be happy as fuck. Yeah, like I got you. Look I think that's what I'm doing is a case that makes sense to you right because that's why I asked about entitlement like yes. I know you want to save and I love you for that. I fucking love you for that. You've also assessed that the environments negative. So I'm like wait a minute. You could win both here. You can really drive down your rent. If you're just willing to live an hour and a half from the city. This is New York City the most expensive place if you go an hour and a half commute outside of here shit gets cheaper. We don't necessarily know the moms negative. Mom busted. I asked to put four kids through college and maybe she's telling him some of the things that means maybe she told me some of the shit. They may be selling something shitty don't want to hear either but you know, you never know right but either way he got to go out and do it on his own whether she's right or friends, right? He just needs to eliminate another excuse right to the point. She might by the way say, okay, I think you might know this she might be right. It's actually relevant that you're on it. They mean like she's a G4 single mom put for fucking people through school. She's a fucking Gangster let there be no confusion her execution and doesn't want anything now. Are you kidding me fucking gangster now? No. I know. It's a small space. It's a small space. All I want you to do is eliminate the excuse of your mom. Right. I'm telling you this not because I'm shitting on her. I'm actually shitting on the situation and I'm hopeful that if you move an hour and a half out, this is notice what I asked you how entitled are you like and I have no problem moving it hour and a half hour. Like I don't give a fuck like out of my eating shit, you know for the next 5 10 15 years of my life just to kind of amazing where I want to be so good news move out and make it inconvenient gosh, and now what about in terms of like saving money or should I just bout just budget? That case. Yeah that figures like like like if you're truly trying to save money and now you've taken on a five hundred or thousand dollars more of expenses all of a sudden every nice little thing you like has to be looked at. Yeah. I mean as Ivory I don't I don't buy clothes that I don't go. Wow and the way they got I just buy books and and they'd read and good man. Kind of, you know, don't buy books The Internet's free as fuck. Like I'm being serious like every but like pirate and pirate back like pirate that shit go Google fucking pow. Go look at Power shift and crush it on fucking Pirate Bay or if that's still around. It's not enough. It's not a fucking steal steal that shit. That's not a statement. Do you endorse? This? Don't buy shit. People don't know how to save anymore. Yeah, that's that's always the hard part and you know, even back in college out everything every little pastry that I got saving saving saving saving and you know building up we know what's happened. You know, what's happening right. Now. This is where you're getting caught I think tell me if I'm wrong the fact that you're not paying rent and saving is allowing you to spend money on a couple things that you wouldn't have and that's where the Cycles playing. Not not not not really good that I have right now is just food and then I would say for happiness instead of this happening in 11 years. Let it happen in 14 years by moving an hour and a half out gotta get one more thing, you know, and this is also kind of like a job and stuff like that. Just a lot of people who like don't care about saving and just you know, you know every every other day just going out for drinks and stuff like that gives a fuck. They're like does nothing who gives a fuck right? That's good. I like when everybody else is doing dumb shit. That means I'm about to win. Guys are so pretty. Do you feel it? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Are you telling me that you feel fomo when everybody goes out on fucking thirsty Thursday and looking mojito? No, I don't feel I just feel like it's the people who aren't focused like I'm focused and don't have the same goal. Let me tell you. Let me tell you something really good don't judge anyone. Okay, you see where I'm going. I'm watching a lot of judgment come now. I'm starting to spend some time with you. Like if we were having a for our dinners homies of like bro, stop judging people know he gonna judge you after you get so you see where I'm going. No, bro, and I got love for you to like honestly be empathetic like be grateful that you're not in a like I what when I talk I hate, you know, I've been trying to tell people I don't have advice I have I'm like every other human where animals that like to share. Hypotheses opinions are hot takes but like like don't judge them. Yeah, and don't don't envy them I hate when people like damn yeah because there's dad's paying for a shit. He gets to go to the club and deep down. He fucking thinks he's a loser because his dad's paying for everything next next like they're like, oh damn, they're just buying those drinks or those clothes to fit in don't judge them feel bad for them that their whole life is about other people's fucking acceptance, so they have to fucking ruin their own. Lives just so everybody thinks they're cool. I think you're spending a lot of time on judgment. Don't even think about it. I knew nothing. I knew nothing of what anybody was doing in my 20s. I didn't know if they were winning losing going out not going out unless they walked into the fucking liquor store which some of them did I literally had no fucking idea get quiet and focus on your own shit. I love that. Does that make sense to you? Yeah, no, like I feel like that was I feel like I've been no struggle with her for like the past literally six eight months since I graduated and I feel like this is gave me a little more clarity and like and and K and K. I'll tell you something else. You're probably judging because there is a little underlining envy and fomo which is okay because we're humans. Yep, right. You said I'm going right right right now hundred percent and that's okay for me. Like it's just I feel like I'm not taking the strides towards where I Want to be we're impatient know your six fucking months or eight months in we all were impatient though at that age. No. No, but I like I like I said, hold on hold on don't confuse ambition with lack of pit. You were patient. I was patient. Okay, I will but I was I was patient but I was patient because I was making as many moves and mistakes as I could and I was saying, all right, this is this is something I'm not interested. This is what I'm learning. I kept moving forward. I can't move. That's different than when you're impatient. And you start fucking like looking at things from a net you were you were happy and patient too many people are sad and impatient because they can't wait to get to the Finish Line without fucking even warming up bro. You're 40 seconds in Yeah, what do you think? We can be a fucking real estate Tycoon by 24 with the fuck? I'm 22 years old and in the way, I feel like I got to have go to sleep for the next 10 years. Don't even call me until you're 32 and don't talk to nobody and go to sleep go hibernate for a decade and just fucking eat shit and work and be patient and then maybe kind of sort at 32 youngest fuck. Maybe we can have a conversation about something maybe. Yeah, everybody's fucking deciding at 22 your fucking 8 months out of school. But it is Faith is like I feel like I know what I want to be doing. I'm just you know, me too. Me too. I knew I wanted to win a fucking Super Bowl is the owner of the New York Jets. So I decide to be patient for fifty two fucking years. I knew to Good News me too. Now what I didn't say a peep. I fucking worked in the liquor store in the fucking basement for 15 years before I even pop my head up to make a YouTube video didn't say a word didn't go to a club then by shit fucking work and punchline built it for my dad and started over in a fucking conference room. But 34. Are you watching do you see how His eyeballs are bulging. Okay now that's just that's fasciitis. I mean, you can't pay for that anywhere else and what I want for you is pate and you know what I want for you patients and self-awareness. You're going to be people lose by and being impatient patience, bro. It's super real and it's super hard. It is it is I feel like I've been working on that like a tremendously I feel like that's what's giving me my success, you know back in school. And that was it's like hold on before we go any further now. I'm really caught up in a snap. He got the band camp. He got that one day at band camp. He got that Al Bundy shit like this because when he was a school, he was hot and sexy and now he went back to the hood and he's gonna shit yourself and he's like, I don't deserve this. You were happy you were having him. I was I was like I was living life. But why why I felt like my mission was to kind of not be that positive right in other people's lives. Okay, and I feel like just having a software into myself and everything that I've been through in my life. I felt like if I could translate that story and share it with others and you know, just kind of I was really like kind of like a mini Gary Vee. That's really what people are calling me. Okay, you know and then that lets me kind of, you know, Awards and stuff like that means absolutely shit, but you can appreciate That's the part that gets confusing about Gary Vee to a lot of people as I fucking like, I'm positive and optimistic, but it's all based on Merit and execution, right? You can't build a business on just being positive and optimistic. Like that's not my business, right? That's just that's my that's my giving actually, you know be called back in school, you know, like like I had a had a good GPA know I was taking care of my academics, but also social in the sense that you know, you hate me so I'm curious. New side of me that I've never seen before outside yes to put him in the environment where he blossomed and bandcamp and now he's going back to shit and wondering why aren't times good like before? Okay kind of yeah, and now Mom is your fault now I put my name on the milk in the fridge. Don't touch that that's mine mommy, but I see where you're coming from and also nobody's keeping you at home, right you're choosing to be at home. Matter back moms like no don't give me none. Don't give me no mom's kilims kind of like we need to leave homie. I already said whole lecture. Okay one more time. Nobody wants their baby leaving. Oh, no, bro, you need to be careful here because if she doesn't want you leaving and she paid for your college you're getting coddled. She doesn't want me to leave because she's scared of being alone in the way because nobody else is there. Well, she has like my siblings but she's scared that I'm gonna be the by himself. No, no like that has nothing to do with you, right? You're being coddled. You know that right? Do you know me people right now in my community are like mad as hell at you because they're in debt and they have nowhere to go. You know that right? Yeah, you need to be careful here in a good way. This is why this is fun. Like this is all love as you can tell solo man. You tough love be careful. Be careful here. You need to be real careful here because your mom is fucking amazing and a lot of times when I talk about parents that create fake environments. We always paint them as Super rich white families. Well, we don't talk enough about is immigrants or humble fucking work their whole lives for their kids and put their kids on and you need to be careful here because you're coddled. And I want to see every receipt because the second you bought one cup of Starbucks. I'm mad at you. I've never bought some fact. I've even heard coffee respect bro, but you have but what but I'm really serious on this on you might be coddled. You know that right? Right. Look it's rare to not have to pay rent. It's rare. It's rare real quick. It's rare for your parent to pay for college completely. It's rare. It's rare for you to be able to not pay rent. So you might be getting caught because you're entitled. I mean, I'm super humbled by the fact that you know, I don't have to pay around. I know you're appreciative. Oh, yeah, super appreciative of that fact, but your butt but humility, you know comes in the form of like you started this call with you know, friends are losers and negative energy in a home. You're not paying for that's called non accountability humility comes with Mom. How can I have more value to you? What can I do to get out of this house and get things done? That's right, and I help you. And you're using my sibling you're using the excuse of mom doesn't want me to leave. Yeah, because she says she loves you and loves having you around. Right fake environment bro it is, you know and you know, I'm feel like I actually like even though I when I do leave I think it may hurt her in one aspect, but I feel like if when she sees that I'm doing well. It looks like even me going away to college of stuff for her but your Sprouts. Yeah, of course parents love their kids, especially the way you're painting your mom. Here's the other thing. She's ready for you to be a man. I promised my favorite movie Step Brothers and they lived in the house. So they're 40. I got a I got Family called boom. You've got the close out the show. Okay. I love you. I'm being dead serious plug away for four minutes. I love her. All right, man. Okay. Gotta go. All right. Appreciate so much Gary. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Eric. Absolutely. All right. So anyway, so we're going to close out man, and I'm going to take one more call about I want you to remember. The one thing power Chef is the exclusive ownership of Daymond John it is it is watermarks any rebroadcast and or downloading on content illegal, you will go to the charity. r All the best brother. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Thank you, man. That's great. Cool. I like that one. We Gary I don't know when we went back and forth. Love them hated him got his ass. I would really absolutely amazing. Listen one more call. Let's do one more call. This next segment is brought to you by power shift Gary V his favorite book. He uses this all the time. I sent him a copy change his life goes on. MacGyver I already like this guy. I'm going to like it more if it's a girl. MacGyver How you doing? This is Damon John here. I'm taking the place of Gary V for the last call of the broadcast. How are you doing? All right. All right represent. So we got a question a comment or something like that. yeah, man, I just That ain't you I appreciate that's impressive. I want people to know that they don't necessarily and I'm not saying anything's wrong with college if you can afford and you know to go to college people like you and me, I barely finished high school. We went out there we bust it out. But and and that's that's really honestly what the book is about like creating influence you moved up in the company that you said you moved up in the company. Why why was it because of purely your talents or the way you work with people? It's a couple of days. Are 15 20 hours a week and I actually became VP of the company and continue to grow and have you no further opportunity since then rolling. So this on thankful man, that's for sure. I think you just hit on the head. You know when Gary was talking to the gentleman earlier today talking about, you know, being a sports agent people need to like you. I mean the whole theory of polisher the whole theory of power shift is that you have to build influence and how do you build influence? Look you you drop out of school? You went to a company you will getting minimum wage as a designer. Or a system designer you moved up to be the VP the reality is that whether you are, you know in power shift whether you're trying to get a better job get an investment from me or do something else people want to be around people. They like people want to be around people that they can sit next to for eight hours a day five days a week for the next five years. And if you're a problem solver and you shift power to other people when you see that they can do something and they shift power back to you and then you nurture those relationships you're doing exactly why I wrote the book of this too many people out there using There's an excuse there's people out there that would have been you and said I dropped out of school. I'm only starting a minimum wage. I got all these hours. They'll never gonna respect me. The company's only three people. It's never going to grow 15 and that's exactly the mentality. So I thank you as well for learning from Gary me and all the other people out there who just take the time to put the information out there free or anywhere you can find it and and I hope you're doing the same for the people coming up underneath you. Oh, absolutely, man. I'm involved heavily in the community and the business world and I'm actually been working on want to start something called creative culture one day and that creative kind of stands for a community of real entrepreneurs and aspiring Trail Blazers with imperfections to add value and really it's about this empowering other people. Like if I can do it at a high school dropout got two felonies when I turn 18 like the whole nine yard, I mean should not be where I am today. I forgot my ups and downs, but I definitely should not have the if I can do it any Joe Schmo can you know what I mean and I want to help those in need to power other people realize what I feel like you doing I want to make sure the people listening to needs to understand that the mentality of an entrepreneur can be used within a system you know when I'm at my company all my people think is entrepreneurs because if I was the only one thinking like that these guys would just be putting you know round pegs in round holes but if you're an entrepreneur you think within the system I need to depend on my staff and people like you who think like entrepreneurs so Gary veins back I don't know if you got a question for him and I think going to sign off right after that we got great guy and he dropped out of school and is crushing it so love congratulations thanks them for holding it down as we end today it's podcast I want to give a huge shout out to the people you know it's so funny people that leave reviews and written reviews of this podcast on Apple Spotify and all the other platforms just mean the world to me you've taken an extra 13 to 95 seconds to show love and also give context to people of why this is a worthwhile podcast so I appreciate that so much and even more fun because I think we all love a little cosine or a shout out or a little awareness I'm gonna have the team give a couple of shoutouts daily on our favorite reviews so Dean take it away which were our favorites this week thank you Today's review is Gary V with that knowledge and love this podcast written by Logan from Texas and Phillip Mr. Say Gary takes ideas about branding and marketing and breaks them down into simple workable practical strategies that anyone can do at any second of the day the amount of free advice and information we have access to thanks to GV is insane. You'd be a fool not to apply this knowledge to your everyday practices. And secondly, thanks Gary V for all that you do. I've been watching your content for the past couple of years and it's helped me change my perspective on life. I've been in a rough patch these last. Several months and now in a recovery phase hearing your content gives me the motivation to give each day my best at bat and not get down on myself that come up short. Keep it up Take Care. Thank you both so much for riding in and remember keep leaving reviews because yours could be next.