Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of tea time on filter with your girl lovely tea and I hope you guys are doing good today. So I am back with another podcast here. So I know a lot of people have been watching my mega stallion videos gotten a lot of use It's caused a lot of dialogue. Thank you to the people who see where I'm coming from and who appreciate the fact that I go a little bit further and I bring the seats. I just don't, you know, push it out my ass for clicks and Views. So anyways what we've all been waiting for we've been waiting to hear from Carl Crawford himself. Okay. So as of an hour ago, Carl did an interview with billboard magazine and basically he's telling his side of the story. I'm going to go ahead and reach you guys the interview what he had to say about the entire situation. So sit back relax grab. A teacup and sip slow because he's definitely spilling some tea. Okay. So this is what billboard is saying according to Crawford after Meg signed to Roc Nation in September. She went radio silence opt-in to not pay him or 15:01 any money that she owed and Crawford's eyes the hot girls summer MCS tactics were to avoid paying him for merchandise and live touring proceeds old to him through the terms of their deal so that he would renegotiate her for term album deal contract that she initially I would 1501 Meg also signed a separate distribution deal with 300 entertainment in 2019, honey, everything that I researched everything that I send the initial podcast you guys going to be so shocked at how accurate everything I was saying is and again, I don't know these people. I don't know. I've never met Meg. I don't know Carl. I sent a lot of y'all, you know writing bullshit time out. You know, I'm sucking Carl's peeing and you know, I'm smashing Jay Printz and am I fucking both of these guys like some Of the comments were just so rude and derogatory just made no sense. They were of course blocked. But the point is I don't have to be smashing or doing sexual favors to random people that I don't know to just research and put the truth out there. So it's going to be very interesting when you read what he has to say compared to my initial podcast. Okay, T grow Damas will not feel you guys. Y'all be Tryin T ground almonds, honey. All right, so let me go ahead and carry on here. So billboard axes him this. What was your initial reaction with Meg going on Instagram live in accusing your label of preventing her from dropping new music. Carl says my initial reaction was man. I can't believe this is serious. She just has so many holes in her story that it's almost some delusional type stuff the bubble of Hollywood and her 8 million followers have really clouded her head because of stuff that she's saying is not true. It's a whole lie nothing is true that she said me being greedy and taking money from her. That's crazy. I never try to take nothing from her. The only thing we ever did was give give give now she fell for the oldest trick in the industry the conquer and divide theme everybody in the industry knows that's what Jay-Z and Roc Nation do they come in they find the smallest thing wrong with the problem because there weren't any problems before she left then they say I don't want to negotiate. Okay, tell everybody your definition of negotiating. Your definition is okay. I'm going to send Suge Knight's old law. Is to come in and this is a stick-up. Of course. I'm like, this isn't a negotiation. This is a robbery they want to make it look like I'm greedy. No, they're the ones trying to keep me out of everything. She keeps saying them niggas over there and negotiating my contracts them niggas are sitting right next to her T Ferris is the one her mom did the contract. I'm new to the business. I let this guy teeth are as run my whole business because I knew absolutely nothing about it zero, so He wrote your contract up. I didn't do it. They want to make a big deal about it. We signed a deal honor your contract and let's just keep doing business how we been doing and then everything is fine. Nobody is trying to rob you now. What did I point out yesterday my video remember I showed you guys the interview with two chains were even two chains with saying that Jay Z tried to basically take him away from his original team. So Carl is basically confirming that two chains snap that I put in the video. Now this is the next question when Meg announcer management deal with Roc Nation for my understanding you found out the news the same time as everyone else correct called and says the guy T fares the one who's helping with my business was Hanley Megan for me. She's a girl. So he was used to being a road manager. I was letting him handle all the business and he said we're going to Rock Nation. We got a meeting I said, okay cool. We gonna get to meet Jay-Z. I'm actually excited because I get to meet Jay Z Myself, you know we look up to this man. I said what's going on? He said ain't no big deal. He's just fun to show us around the building little small shit. I'm like cool. Do I need to be there? He was like nah, you know, it ain't that serious. I said well, okay cool. I didn't go because we were just on tour with her. Me and Megan were perfectly fine at this moment next thing, you know, I'm on a plane and I'm thinking the whole industry is going to try and take Megan for me, but not my homeboy. So I go and link up with Jay Printz rap a lot CEO. Next thing, you know, the picture is posted up on the internet and everybody's like, oh you better know. I was already posting Jay Printz before when I find out like everybody else. I got emotional made one comment and they took it and ran with it. Oh, he's bitter he's mad. Look. I'm just trying to see what's up. I thought they had enough respect for me to at least tell me something but it's cool. She didn't have to tell me about that. That's fine. But at the end of the day tell them what their real plan was their real plan was to get you out of my Contract so they can sign you to Roc Nation. That's all they wanted to do. We gave this girl a 60/40 split now go ask the artist about that. She got parts of her master's the first time you think Jay-Z what it gave her a part of her master's on the first deal with Roc Nation fuck. No, she's getting a hundred grand and a show and she don't want to pay up. That's what the issues about. She signed to Roc Nation in August and decided that she didn't want to pay me no more. They're using that as a strong-arm tactics. Tactic so that I can so that I can renegotiate the contract. They're holding the money. They haven't paid me since August. She's done over 15 shows. Y'all do the math. She gets a hundred grand a show. She owes me. I haven't recouped almost two million dollars that were spent on her building her up till Roc Nation could come around. Where was Roc Nation when we was grinding and riding around on them back streets. Roc Nation was nowhere to be found soon as we spent our money blew it up not others. These strangers and people you just met they introduce you to Beyonce and now we the devil we were just Angel sent from the sky now where the devil just because Jay-Z saved you you're so fake. It's again is that now what I was saying in the video that that was right Nations plan all along why because the money is not in management and the any fucking Yahoo! Can manage somebody, you know, if you train them well enough a parakeet Commander somebody. Okay. The money is in the production. They're To get mad to sign to a Rock Nation production deal because that is what's going to generate not only wealth but generational wealth if they also have access to her master's. So once again everything I was saying is correlating with what Carl is saying in this interview. This is the next question on her Instagram live. She repeatedly explained how she viewed her relationship with 15 or one is a family you're so you're also speaking on that family bond that you want shared with her. Where did that Namek get lost in the midst of everything Paul goes on to say this. Everything was cool until her lawyers came in and told me that it was pretty much a stick-up. Unfortunately when her mother died the snake was able to come and crawl in position to influence her head and tell her stuff if her mother would have been here we wouldn't even be going through none of this stuff once her mother died things started to change a bit everybody that wanted in all the bloodsuckers were able to jump in that's what happened. She got to do teeth. There is right up under her. He's a snake he did the contract. They had the lawyers. How didn't you read your contract? She signed two contracts you signed one with me and you sign one with 300 entertainment. You mean to tell me that your mom and your lawyers didn't read over stuff every time stop lying. You weren't 20. You were 23 years old. You was grown. You're a liar. Once again. What did I say - your podcast her mother was a part of the industry. There's no way her mother would have allowed. Her daughter to sign a deal that did not benefit her because her mother was also a rapper or something like that, I believe but she knew the ins and out to the industry. So there's no way and I also told you guys that she was in 2000. She was 23, then he goes on to say this she got 8 million followers that know they can pounce on me because I'm smaller. She knows she's going to win when it comes to that shit right there, but I don't care about that. They can Trash me whatever they want to do. But the real is you. Got Hollywood, and you got up under Roc Nation and you're acting like you don't have to honor your contract no more. Then you want to say you try to negotiate man. You sent your lawyers in there and they want to take me out. She owe me four albums and they want to offer me one album and take everything away. They're crazy. Then they go on to ask him this what about her claiming that she's on being paid 15,000 by the label. Carl says how has she been paid 15,000 as soon as we sign the 300 I wrote her a check. 50 Grand it's signed with her name on the check. We can show you the proof. That's another thing. I got all my receipts. They know it. I got all the receipts we gave her a $10,000 Advance when we first signed her and gave it to her mother. I don't know what happened to that 300 gave me a $200,000 check when we first signed. I gave her 50,000 of it. I didn't have to give her that that was mine at the time and we never told her no a day in our lives. She got on some real hatin. Shit or whatever and just didn't want me around. How can I be mean to you? I was never around you. I didn't do nothing. You barely saw me then they go on to ask him this she's also claimed that there was a producer associated with the label that threatened physical harm to her along with a lot of social media tax being aimed at her from your side Carl goes on to say I don't even know about that. I don't even know about social media because I'm getting threats. They're threatening me my kids everybody so looked at Kind of comes with it. I don't know what producer could be threatening her. She just lies so much. She tried to say that we didn't do nothing for her. Well, I got 500 to 800 thousand dollars worth of receipts that show that we did do something for her. So, I don't know what T Ferris is over there telling you or if he did everything because he takes the credit she likes to give teachers the credit about discovering her. She's so fucking blind by it that she's trying to make it seem like I'm a bad person. Listen all she has to do His pay me my money. That's all I want. I don't want to be around her. I don't want nothing going on. I just want what's mine. Then billboard axes him this let's run through the numbers that mag has claimed in her lawsuit against 1501. She says 50 no one gets 60% of her recording income. Carl says, right. She gets 40 percent then billboard says, but she's claiming that the chunks of 40% is being given to a third party people like producers mixers fixed fee. Good artists Etc. Is that true? He says Nah, I don't think that's true either. It's a great deal. She wants to talk about a bad deal. She's disrespecting her mother by saying that because her mother and T fares are the ones who did it those two worked out the deal with the lawyer. I didn't have anything to do with it. Then billboard says you guys suppose he got 30% of our hurt or money and 30% of her merchandise as well. Carl says what we did a 360 deal. Where it was 70/30 the reason why I was 70/30 is because we gave up so much we gave up part of her master's right. Now. We gave her a 60/40 split. That's why we got so much on that side. We knew we did some stuff that people don't do this is how I was getting in the business. This is how I was able to get her to sign with us because I wanted to make sure we overdo it. That way we can get her so she got a great deal. She's just over there with Roc Nation and she's mad because somebody said something Bad about her one time. She's acting like people can't speak their truth life. She's the only one that has a truth. If you watch her in her interviews, she looks like a little kid just being silly. It's like she's not even taking it seriously look at it. Everybody knows she's so silly telling everybody I didn't do nothing here in Houston, Texas when we sat here and watched it from day one. She's such a fraud. The rest of the world can get mad at me, but they're not in Houston. They don't know how it started they can call me. Ami bitter but put it this way to your little 8 million followers that don't give a fuck about me. Anyways, if somebody comes and tries to take your shit you're going to fight back to it wasn't no renegotiation. It was take this or else that's why the beef started then billboard says this when's the last time you spoke to Meg. Secondly. Do you feel that this relationship can be salvaged outside of Court, especially since you and her both lean on the word family and how you initially valued each other. Carl says, I don't At this point because it's so bad. I don't want that to happen right now. I'm just trying to make sure that fair is fair. I just want to be fair. Nobody wants to stop her music. I understand that but she ignored me since August. I haven't spoken to her since August. This is what's going on. She hasn't tried to do nothing. She hasn't made one payment since August you do the math. See how many months that is an added up. Anybody would be pissed off you owe me money that I recouped you owe me so much. Knee you owe me damn near two million you damn near the hole for two million. You want to get up and out because Rod Nation told you you could and that's how it is. She's just young and does not know the business and how you're supposed to honor contracts. They want to take advantage of me because I'm new to the business and don't know nothing. This is what Roc Nation do they harp on the week. I guarantee you if I didn't have Jay Printz right now, I wouldn't even be able to talk to you bro. Roc Nation would have ready took this shit this year. We'll have already Took from me all my hard work would have went down the drain and I'm here to fight this whoo-wee so that was a long read but that is what Carl has to say about the situation. And you know, I believe everything he's saying everything he's saying correlates with my research. This is nothing but a Strongarm tactic by Roc Nation who got into Meg the stallions head. She thinks the grass will be greener on the other side. And so now she's trying to basically shit on the same people. People who looked out for her. I told you I'm from jump. There's no way that her mother could be, you know in the in the industry and be that Savvy and just allow her daughter to sign. Anything Meg is making up stuff to me at this point. She's definitely coming off like a narcissist and this is just really sad. Now there's something else interesting that we found today while doing some more research. I know Mighty slippers be on it, honey. Somebody had left the comment that basically that Meg does not even on her name. She doesn't own hot girls summer. Everything has been trademark by a company. So let me go ahead and read to you guys this comment real quick. So this person says first of all, how old is my daughter think I am do I know Meg the stallion? Come on now, thank you for checking out teatime unfiltered with your girl lovely tea. Guess what? I have some piping hot tea for you guys. So if you guys do not know Spotify is a great app and a great website to go on where you can listen to all your favorite artists your favorite. Cast all in one place for free you don't even need a premium account to join Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcast on every topic including the one that you're listening to right now, honey. So make sure you guys go on to Spotify.com follow your favorite podcast, especially mine. So that way you will never miss another episode premium users can download episodes to listen to them offline whenever they want to and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends and your family. Your followers on Instagram. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for tea time unfiltered with your girl lovely tea or feel free to browse a wide variety of podcast on Spotify or make sure you follow me so that way you never miss an episode of tea time on filter with the girl lovely tea. I heard that she filed an application for hot girls summer few months ago. But on the request of my daughter, I looked her up and did what I do. I snooped and found out that hot girls summer. Hot girl Meg and Meg the stallion Tina snow and other Meg the stallion colloquialisms are owned by Theory entertainment her previous management company. The real question is what's going to happen. Now that she signed to Roc Nation several other marks have been issued office actions require begs consent. I'm looking forward to see how this plays out. So this is what one mother wrote randomly and so people of course started doing research and what we found is that all of those names that she mentioned make the stallion hot girl summer. They're owned by a company called Theory entertainment LLC right now if you guys remember and here goes the serial number the company name all that stuff. Now if you guys remember this summer the shade room and other blogs were Sickly posting and they were saying that Magda stallion files trademark for hot girls summer. And that was like back in July when you know her Nicki Minaj we're promoting the song and all that stuff. So that's what the shade woman. Everybody was promoting. But if the shade room had done their job, they would have realized that even if she was filing too late because all of that stuff was ready found by some company and I don't know if mag knew it or she was there when they you know, submitted the trademarks, but she cannot trade Are something that somebody else owns so we did some more research and I'm like well damn is this a third or fourth company that Meg somehow signed to like how many companies are in the pot when it comes to make the stallions brand. So for my research we were able to come up with is that theory entertainment LLC. They are basically one in the same as 300 entertainment. So I'm going to go ahead and take a quick break. We have a word from our sponsor. So go ahead and check this out and I'll be right back. Experience healthier hair maintain a beautiful glow and a much-needed pain relief with the dope Beauty skincare collection. Our products are infused with our CBD oil and u.s. Authority hemp certified when you use our all-natural products, you know exactly what you're getting with safety at the top of our priority list dope beauty is Raising awareness and minority communities about the benefits of CBD hemp extract with options ranging from shampoo to whipped body butter. Our try dope Beauty today and experience the CBD glow up. All right. So let's go ahead and finish spilling the rest of this tea. So basically what everything boils down to is this the 300 entertainment company is the same as Theory entertainment LLC and they basically own make the stallions brand the name hot girl summer hot girl Meg all of that stuff. Okay and who owns both of these companies? Remember we discussed this yesterday in my podcast. One of the main owners is lie or Conan and Kevin Lyle. Okay, so I'm going to show you. How Jay-Z and Roc Nation tie into all of this. Okay. So yeah keep sippin. There's more to come he owns that company. He's the owner him and Kevin Liles. I talked about that yesterday. So they also own her name. They also own hot girls summer. So this goes really deep this whole situation goes really deep and Meg is definitely going to be in for a big fight. I mean, especially if they even attempt to go after 300 it's going to be Big fight especially being the he owns a lot of her stuff and I also find it very interesting that she's not fighting. You know, Leo Conan is hard as she's fighting Carl Crawford, and that's because we all know Leo Conan and Kevin Liles. They have a very close relationship with Jay-Z and Roc Nation. I don't think they want that type of smoke. So that's why they're fighting hard to go after Carl because at least they have relationship with 300 and maybe they can do some kind of merger or some type of deal, you know to get the distribution. And you know all that stuff in house under the Roc Nation umbrella. The only person they don't have a relationship with like that is Carl. So that's why they're fighting hard to boot him out. But everybody's ignoring the fact that she also signed a contract with 300 entertainment and who owns that now what I find interesting about this is that yesterday about it was screaming all her going to Roc Nation is a way better deal. It's a bigger platform and that I do agree, but nobody is talking honestly. the about where Jay-Z learned these Shady ways from okay where he learned to be Shady with Roc Nation and coming in and trying to kick the little guy out and then steal their artists and you know, bring their artists in because again, like I said earlier in the podcast, you know, two chains were one of the few people, you know, who talked about this how Jay-Z tries to come in and divide and conquer and take you away from the people who started with you and then make you feel like you know once you get Get with him. You'll be in bed. You'll be in better hands. It'll be greener pastures and everything else where where he learned this tactic from is firmly our Conan. Okay, that's where he learnt it from and it's funny that Li are Conan is also the other label that it made the stallion assigned to but for some strange reason she's not mad at them. She's not trying to sue them she's not trying to get out that contract which to me makes no sense because at the end of the day, it's It's two labels that you're assigned to so why is only one label a thorn in your side? You guys have to ask yourself that the rabbit hole goes deep. The reason why Carl's label is a thorn in their side is because Carl is on here riding with Jay Printz. You don't give a damn bout a Jay-Z. He's calling out Jay Z. Whereas 300 the owner of 300 entertainment is one of Jay-Z's good friends has been rocking with Jay-Z for years. I'm going to go ahead and play you guys this clip y'all. Go ahead. And sip on this 90s T 20 years, let's say but they did a great thing because what they did was they were at they were focus fully on Independence, but what happened was from my own recollection and for my own studies and writing this book is that lyor Cohen was very influential of Jay-Z breaking away from Dana Biggs at the time to go corporate because he wanted him to actually reach a larger audience which is you know, that's that's understandable as far as you know business go. But you know, it turned into him alienating his brothers, you know and warned. He went that route and believed in what lyor Cohen was telling them which was a form of torturous interference. You know, that's that's that's irresponsible for him to do that within the business and with him and he was with Def Jam to divide the company, you know, he had a lot to do with breaking that company up and who knows what we would have seen if Rockefeller stay together with all those great groups, you know, you had tip said you had care, you know Cam and dip said you had stay property and beans you have all these great people that were in a high creative mode. And as soon as everything was at its peak it fell apart. All right, so you guys just saw that clip. So like I said, the rabbit hole goes really deep and you have to ask yourself why they're fighting so hard to take make the stallion from this black man who put his money in his time into her. Why are they trying to fight? Him so hard to get her out of that contract, but they're not trying to fight just as hard to get her out of 300 contract and I think the saddest thing of all this is the fact that car really trusted mag, and he wanted the best for her. Think about it. She really got a good deal isn't it funny when she was doing all that ranting and raving and sucking on the dang on lollipop like it was a cigar stick notice how she never made one mention that she owns half of her master's which is completely unheard of in this industry, especially for a new New artist that is one of the deals that her mom was able to get her she owns half for her master's on top of that now they did get money, you know from her mixtape sales and stuff like that, but they trusted her so much that they allowed her to go on tour with t fears the guy that she's riding with who's done a lot of shady stuff to Carl. They allowed her to go on tour and then they expected her to basically cut them a check a lot of people they don't play. That if you're going on tour and they're booking you for tours, they're getting their dips first. They're going to take their cut right off the top and then you'll get whatever is left from the touring. They allowed Megan to get whatever she wanted off the top and then thought that their relationship was strong enough where she would just cut them a check every month every time she went on tour. She'd send them a check, but now that she's with Roc Nation and she has rocked the nation Jay-Z, you know T Ferris and all these people in her head. Ed the checks done stop and that is really what's bothering Carl. He hasn't been paid since August. This was his investment. He's the one who booked these, you know these tours for her got her popping and now he's completely cut out the deal. They're trying to strong-arm him out of the deal. So to our Yahoo. Keep saying, oh Meg didn't say she wanted to leave. She just wanted to renegotiate it's deeper than that. She may have not verbally said I want to leave but her actions and everything that she's doing in the people that she's running with. Tells me that was her plan as soon as she got with Roc Nation and if you can't see that then that's on you. I don't know how much further I can break it down for the people who have common sense and see through the bullshit. Y'all understand where I'm coming from. So you can fool me with with tears and fake emotion. That doesn't move me over here. I move by facts and receipts and this entire situation is Shady and I'm glad that Carl is stating his side of the story and he speaking out because this happens a lot more. Than what you guys know this happens a lot to Independent record labels smart record labels who are trying to you know, help people blow up matter of fact, there's a black woman. She's the one who first discovered little woozy put a bunch of money into him only for him to get swept up by the big people, you know, the big corporate people the shiny diamonds and they and lose he left her in the dust y'all go ahead and check this out big records that are produced was super help me. Manoj touring tour with Nicki, of course tour with Lil Mama and then I you know, I discover a little woozy. So yeah, you know you discovered who you know that I didn't know you did not have that happen cuz I always wind up I lose because you don't look or sound like nothing coming out of Philadelphia. Well, I did you sign them to yourself. You want to talk? Yeah, okay. Alright. So um, so we'll lose 'you know, he had came he used to come to the studio with his friend. His friend was the red booty you just you know, hanging with him or whatever. He had a couple songs. Nothing too big or whatever. My husband called me buzz and he said yo, this is kiss I'm mayor I really like him. I think we should work with him and I said, let me check him out. So we I look them up metal. Love them. We started creating songs. We created like what do you What and we created this on Tuesday, you know all of his earlier hits. I played it on a radio can and hit me Canada was I go Diamond who they killed you play when you're set. I says name is Uzi as artists that we worked on with he was signed to our management at the time and Candice. I want to come down and meet him then the same time Cannon was interested. Kanye was interested. You know, Kenny didn't want to lose him the yay, you know what? I mean? So he said Susie come down there landed. Let me show you how we work if you Like how we work, you know, I mean you can sign with us and take it from there. We was all excited. This is you know, we be in this, you know how it is and you fast you in the studio all of the time you just working you got all of these artists be like, hey, we finally made it and at the time you were his manager Yeah. Well, yeah me and my husband but yeah, so, um, so, you know, we was all excited. Uzi was excited. We was excited. He went to Atlanta. Started Me little by little he wasn't talking to us anymore. I called Canaan. I'm like yo Kenny, what's up? What's going on? He was like, I don't know. He don't want us to tell you I was going on with them and is that's pretty much how it happened. We heard on the street that he got signed to Atlantic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he saw yeah, he signed to them. They have a production deal. I believe with Atlanta. We had management it got a little tricky. You know what I mean? We get burnt but it was a it was a fight. It was all these get paid. Yeah, we will be music and care of you paid you had to pay you to get out the van der video basically. Yeah that and, you know couple other things but the label took care of it to make sure everything was right. Why right now? I haven't spoken to him in years. I mean I had I had you know, I had chances to because of course he's done things with Our station, you know and I came up here to the PowerHouse up here in New York and but I don't know, you know, you know, you know what you see somebody again. Yeah, you wanted to be right, you know that kind of hurt me because he was like my little brother be said play all the time in the studio. Like, you know, this was we all felt we all wanted to be happy. We all wanted to celebrate, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, that's how they situation ended. But whose fault was it? Was it the label for getting into their where they can and dramas for getting this is Like who fault was it? Nobody got in the did and said cut diamond cuts them off. Yeah, somebody probably dig in a zero. Maybe he just was like, you know what they did what they did. Let me keep him out here. Yeah, you're not it's I was I was in a dark space for a long time and I right you guys just saw a snippet of that interview. So now do y'all understand that when these artists cry and cry foul. I just don't care. I don't shed tattoo tears for them because again, these people are adults they know what they're signing. Signing and a lot of times they're not telling the full picture. It's a lot easier to make your management team the production team the people behind the scenes look like the Devil Without ever really having to explain what are you did to get to this situation? What are they really did to help you when you were a nobody as far as music goes? So it's going to be very very interesting to see how all of this plays out, but I really want to break this down. I really want to you know, I'm saying share with you guys what Carl had to say about the situation. So anyways, I thank you so much once again for tuning in to Tea Time unfilter with lovely tea. I hope you guys enjoyed this podcast and I will talk to you guys again. Have a good evening. Thank you for listening to Today's Show. Make sure you join us again soon for all the latest T. Make sure you follow me on my social media Pages just put in l-o-v-e. Lyt I Why on Twitter Instagram Facebook and YouTube?