What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use. Hi, everybody would it do is you boys do see Triple do cak answer. Whatever the hell you I know me as I'm back again. I told you I was going to be a Savage Friday. I've got the owner of the lot and football Savages Marvin Richards. I've got the head coach Tony Anders and I've got a future Oklahoma Football Hall of Famer player coach. He does it all the owner of maxed out Speed and Agility rave on Stephenson. What's going on guys? Like this 2018 semi-pro football season you guys are in the tuffle league down in Texas the only Oklahoma really Outsider team. Really? I'm gonna start with the owner first real quick Marvin. What was what made you decide to leave the confines of Oklahoma and go play in Texas. Well Ashley Mama Tina, she got a hold of me and basically talk to me about transferring over to the to uofl and I talked to the commissioner and I really He liked how they is handling things. So especially with a lot of stuff that's been going on. Like we're getting bigger and bigger every day. It would seem like it was a good thing to switch over. That's what's up. That's what's up. Now, I'm gonna come to coach Tony and there's now if anybody's watch lot and Parks and Rec football. He's what my ass every time I played against them because to get something like this. Have you ever coached semi-pro football before yes in 2005 2006. I was a head coach for the Oklahoma Rebels. We won back-to-back Central Football League champions. Okay, the same my first rodeo, you know doing this is something I enjoy supposed to be around the players downside. I like the challenges that we're facing all ready, sir. So what made you want to come back to coaching grown men that don't even listen sometimes what made you want to come back to do this all over again be honest with you. It's not really that bad as a head coach. You gotta know how to do it the player. Hers, right, right. You can't treat every player the same as that like fuck the way I talk to you great. You know I could yell at you. You won't take it personally. There's some players. I got pulled aside which ladies and gentlemen. He doesn't yell at me. Like that's enough get it twisted. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. The players right one. I respect them as players and as a person right just don't look on us players. Look at them as guys out of dads great work a family. You gotta look at that. And I think that's what's the difference when these guys see that you do care right there. We do anything for you, especially for the team. They're going to do that. Got you got you now. We're going to head over to Ray Vaughan Stevenson now, he's not really old but he's like the grandfather of the team the man then he Don't play ball for a while. He don't play an Oklahoma. He don't play in Africa, you know, he didn't been around the block and back. So being the Bings are more experienced person on the team. How do you see football differently now than when you was a young athlete bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Not much has changed nothing but the game speed really definitely a lack of coaching within the community here in Long by itself. Other than that nothing really you don't think still still producing great athletes. Kiss you again D1 college scholarships out of here training regimen could be a little bit better, you know as being a smaller City, you know, we we don't have the access to the facilities that the you know Metro Metropolitan. These are right, you know, I'm trying to sell well coaches need to I can say I guess coaches need to put more emphasis on training, you know saying and offseason workouts, right? I think it's not as much as it used to be recognized plane and real quickly. Once the next question y'all if you got kids are you got a-you got athletes around and you want to get better at your Speed and Agility holler at this man right here maxed out speed and it was it maxed out speak Sports and Agility C-Max Top Speed and Agility. He will get Get you right he'll have you running from a 10-second 42 a four-second for this dude stuff is legit. Yo. All right. So let's get back into it 20/20 season. We're in week three. What are the expectations now now that you guys have got to game under your belt the wax has his pride pulled some ho shit and backed out. What what what? Hey it is what it is week three. What's the expectation is now that we're going into it. Well coming up a week one, you know have suffering that tough loss 14 and 12 to the you know, West Texas Drillers think everybody's a little bit after we pray. You know, I'm saying I have that game last week. So, you know, it's definitely some tension there guys are frustrated. They want to hit somebody we don't want to hit each other hurt each other. So if you pull it out last weekend to put everybody in a bind and you can see some of the frustrations coming out in practice, but you know, we got it together we ready for tomorrow go to here and snuck up on the Horned Frogs man and let people know you know savages for real. Yes, sir. Main thing is we all need to just keep our composure. We do that, you know this thing with ourselves and capitalize man. We can actually come out with the win tomorrow. That's what's up. You got any words on that coach? Yeah. One thing is this the only team that's going to be this is ourselves. That's it. We are too talented and I don't care who we playing. We're gonna give you a fight. We're gonna come out of me. That's a whole that's a whole purpose while we prepare. Yes, sir. Just not we just line up and show up and plug now, we're gonna be fair were going to know what you're going to do and we're going to get after you. That's how it is. Now. I happen to look at the flyer. All right. Now you go play these games, you know, you just show up you play. Game, and then the festivities happened after the game. Now. I look the flyer seems like there's a little distraction ahead of time. They're having like a little block party food and all this and all that and then they invite the opposite team to come play. Do y'all see that any kind of wave of distraction. Do y'all see that is kind of like more fuel to get ready for the game. Do y'all see that as maybe the Horned Frogs are trying to throw you guys off your game going into this one. I don't really see it that way last year. We went down there had a preseason game against them and their shoulders. And some real Hospitality man it when you know, it's a fine group of gentlemen, you know, nobody really got out on nobody really got out of character like that. They invited us back any time there was a time any time you guys want have a preseason game in call us up and we want a woman to play y'all you guys, you know legit people so they can come with us in the parking lot after the game people's exchanging phone numbers some people talk about us this year. Promotion, you know got to the motion for the home game, you know having the opposing team down there too. I mean, I think it's good. Got you. Got you. Got you. All right run it going to our last stop for you. Get on up out of here. Don't hit each person Coach T last thoughts going in to tomorrow's battle with the Horned Frogs. Just got to show him boy - something. We got a lock down and play football. Like no, like I said, all right, people are going to beat us as ourselves. I don't see nobody beating us but ourselves if we don't walk in and play and I'm not worried about the we're going to play cuz I got great leaders like grave on the Marvin. These other guys have been out here. They're hungry. They want to play and they like the fact that they have coaches out here, you know, it helps out a lot and it just it just shows that these guys are going to go out there and do what they need to do to get a win playing simple coming after you. He said it better. He said the best. You got the ratchet people pull up with the ratchet music. I can't even have a decent interview with three decent people without the wretchedness and he's actually he's a she the boy and even putting lotion on his hair nappy. Look, you know, what right? Well, what's the final before it? Because you know what? He's about to mess it all up everybody. No, you know your job man. Keep your composure. Don't lose focus Everything is Everything after that and one more thing. We're sponsored by Johnson Johnson lotion. We also will be live streaming on that page so you can actually watch the game from there the other better. Cameraman that song with fire you got fired. Okay, cool. Well with that being said, hey, like you said y'all go check out the lot and Savages Facebook page at Lawton Savages tomorrow the headed out to Amarillo to play the Amarillo Horned Frogs at Austin Middle School at 2 p.m. If you don't have anything to do go ahead go out and go support your hometown team y'all that that's that there's really no other way to put it go on support your hometown team the more you Support and more of the people support it can turn into a great big thing and next thing, you know championships in all kind of great stuff start rolling in so 2 p.m. Tomorrow Amarillo, Texas Austin Middle School. Yeah. I got that backwards, but y'all know what I'm saying. Y'all go out watched a lot and Savages. Hey, it's the weekend. Enjoy the weekend. Y'all be safe. Don't do anything stupid. Don't get in trouble. I will be back with y'all live Monday afternoon with a whole new show. It's your boy Zu C triple do see. I love y'all. I appreciate y'all. Follow me on Spotify like like the podcast here at a podcast we out Savages out, baby.