I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always Set up 11 month old son pieri. He was actually bringing some light and some cheer to his grandma AKA Paul's mom as she tickled him. But she also what people notice is that she had an IV in her arm while she was tickling him. Although Paul has been hush-hush about the actual condition of his mom. We're just praying for a full recovery. I want to share you share this video clip with you guys. Sweet Pea are he's adorable. He's so cute still a cutie pie. And I think we had another video of we did have another video on Apollo we for time or not going to play it but basically Paul's live was that he's having problems with his family that they are not allowing him to see his mother and because of all the drama that Karine and Paul bring as a unit they just Want nothing to do with them anymore, which is unfortunate. So he thinks that his mom. He doesn't know the exact procedures that are going on with his mom, but he did mention that she's a cancer survivor. So he doesn't know if it's about that or not. So we send all the positive prayers to Paul and Karine and as for his mom for a speedy recovery. Yes pairs up for Mom now speaking of pollen Carini's drama. We're all wondering what the latest scoop is with the couple. I know I am since they have the ultimate. It on again and off off again relationship. The last we heard was that there in the beginning stages of divorce per the divorce process. Excuse me. Well, I did some in stock in this weekend and Paul nor Karine have posted one another on their page since November December 2019. Now Karine did tell us-- week or US Weekly that she was looking for a divorce attorney. But the plot twist is that their Instagram biles both acknowledge one another as husband and wife. So if you go to Carini's Instagram bio, it says that she's married to Paul. If you go to Paul's Instagram bio. It says that he's married to Karine. So that leaves all of us nosy people wondering what's really going on. I need to know. Yeah. I mean, I think that I think it's part of their story really. Okay. It's there on again off again. On again off again. And again, I'll definitely try to put the video link in the bio of our YouTube but in the live he addresses it, he addresses that. Yeah, they're a little unstable and they're back and forth. But I think it's part of their story line and it's obvious. Yeah. It's very very obvious. Second us on our toes. Absolutely. I think we have this photo where Queen is in red and keep Polly and yeah, that's their family. What's that story about there? R I don't know that's just on their Instagram that they pose I think that's on Carini's Instagram. Well, they look adorable video Family. Yeah, you know, that was the last that I believe that was the last Instagram family Instagram photo that they posted. Okay. So, okay great. Let's move on to Yolanda guys. If you do not want spoilers and we are going to go to the picture 6 through 12 if you don't want spoilers then tune out right now. Because it's about the current cast current season Yolanda Okay. So we've all been feeling store. Sorry for your laundry because you know, she's being catfished she fell in love She's a mama 6 and and all of that great stuff and turns out that Yolanda knew about Williams being a catfish prior to going on the show. I cannot believe and the reason that she decided to go on the show was for the bling bling the money for the bag and because as we all know she recently lost a lot of weight she wrote a book and she wants to have this show help publicize the book that she wrote and I Just torn because there's more there's more to this story. So that first person picture that we had where we see her posing and it says people people don't believe all the hype. Well the hype is this guy's next photo. She has been called out by another Nigerian. They'll follow the storyline. There's two Nigerians one is the scammer who we call Williams who See the bodybuilder the second one is this douchebag and I might be saying his name wrong, but it doesn't matter. He went on TLC Fried by TLC and did a live and basically called Yolanda out saying he too was also seeing her online with her online boyfriend and they were going back and forth and we go to the next photo you can see that he has the receipts and the receipts are saying she knew that Williams was fake. Issues being scammed, but she wanted the TLC money and she wanted to promote her book. So she's going along with the story line because of that. He also is saying that he wants to clear his name that he's not the Nigerian scammer. Okay is another dude that she was talking to and that he did have feelings with for her and he wanted to have her babies and yada yada yada yada goes on and on and on guys and there's more still let's go to the next photo. the next photo we see here that if we can blow this one up, this is apparently according to the Hank cow on Instagram the real Williams who is also Nigeria the real fake William the real fake exactly exactly good call and let's move on to the next one and then turns out that someone slid into her diems and I'm assuming that it's assessment not this man again. It's what is this guy's name Lachey the shape and he's basically spilling all the tea. Wondering what she if she still dating. Hmm, and she basically says she's now dating States. I know if he can blow that up. So our viewers can see it it says that's why I'm dating locally now in my town and it turns out that this guy is her first date. I'm dating now and she seems very nice and a hard worker. So I say all that to say, we now know that she knew she was being scammed. We now know. That the storyline might be like a little dodgy a lot of moving Parts. Yeah, and I kind of think we can predict where this this storyline end. I think the bottom line is Yolanda is online Playa Playa from the Himalayas facts and slammed her DM because apparently she respond respond. Right? Let's move on to Allen. Okay. Yeah. So Alex is out here saving lives you guys remember Alex from 90 day fiancé season 3 he He actually saved a drowning man in the Bahamas over the weekend. Let's go ahead and pull that video up. Yeah go on and his wife Lauren captured a video actually a Jen a gentleman on the beach captured a video, but she posted it on her Instagram page. Let's check it out. Oh boy. Here you go. Oh, man, and his friends were just watching this shit. He's out. Look at him. He's knocked the fuck out man. Thank you. All that shit. So you guys as you can see very scary moment. Lauren actually stated on her Instagram post that the man was beyond intoxicated while his friends watched him go into the water and almost drown thankfully. Alex was Vigilant enough to pull him out of the water and begin CPR efforts as we see in the video here the EMTs eventually came to the scene to pick the man up but allegedly his And did not go with him in the ambulance, which is really sad and the couple is not sure if the man survived but they're hoping that the video was circulate in word will get back to somebody so that they can learn his status and we're praying that he's okay as well. Yeah, Lauren did catch some backlash for posting the video from fans and her comments about saying that basically Good Deeds are better left unshared. I think her point though because I saw that post I think her point was more that be careful who you call your friends because his friends according to Laurie were standing on the beach just watching exact and no one made an effort to go and save him and it was her husband who's a perfect stranger that went and saved him and then even after they pulled him out of the water his friends the injured man, or the drowning man didn't have his friends come and support him and like help them. They Started kind of walking away. So I think her point was like be careful who you call your friends because in the ups and downs of it all agree. You don't know who's actually going to be there in an emergency. Yeah, and it's really scary those actual actually a group of them and none of them came to his rescue. Yeah. I did not one. So it's really sad but Alex and Lauren are now expecting expecting their first child together. So that's that's what if I think we have a picture of them pregnant. They are adorable. Yeah. There we go. Yeah, they're super cute. Yeah, I love it moving on to Avery and Ash 15 and 16. So Avery we met Avery this season, I'm kind of digging this couple and basically we found out last week that Ash wasn't able to come to the u.s. Because of a bankruptcy Well turns out that he has fixed that issue or have gotten over that issue because of source close. The ash claims that Avery and Ash have been in Seattle twice since filming so he's come over to the US not once not twice. Not once not twice not only once but twice Avery so, you know looks like they're going strong because they've been seen together spotted together after the filming of this season. It makes me wonder if that was the actual reason to I mean could be could it be? Yeah, who knows? Um, but she's a beautiful girl. Girl 16 on I just this is her latest post on her Instagram. And we remember this from this latest episode. Yeah decided whether she's going to wear the yellow or the red and she looks beautiful in both. Yeah, super cute and then speaking of Avery's 17 Avery from the old season the Omar and Avery she posted this really sweet photo of her and her mom. She says happy birthday to you Mom her and I share the same birthday and I have a Link almost the same age. So how cute adorable? Yeah. So happy birthday Mom and happy birthday Avery. Let's move on to Tom and Darcy and Tom and Darcy. Yes. This is a lot with Tom and Darcy. So we so let me just tell you guys Tom came to his own defense when France when fans were dragging him and his IG comments for not calling Darcy on her birthday suit. From last episode. We saw our this past episode Tom's excuse for not calling was because he was out of the country and did not have reception at the place that he was saying but he message and called her when he could in another fan asked him. Why didn't you call dirt Darcy when it was her birthday poor girl. She was so upset. His response was she didn't call for mine. Shady Shady what excuse do you guys think is true do we believe Tom had no cellular reception or do we think he's being petty and reciprocating the same energy that Darcy gave him on his but I think it's a bit of both. Yeah, so I think it's a bit of both and since those are both his responses. He was like, you can call me. I'm not gonna call you right over. My mom could go out of my way to try to find reception to call you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean these two yeah, I don't know. Petit Petit and pettier and then I think there's some more pettiness. Yeah. So speaking of Tom and Petty. Do you guys think he was actually mocking Darcy in this IG post he posted this photo of himself wearing the sunglasses with the caption of keeping my eyes on the prize, which we know is Darcy's thing, right? We know that that's a play on her famous quote about keeping her eyes on the prize. She wants to get married you want to be engaged and get married and have a family and do all of that. So, I don't know I'm starting to think that Tom legit hates Darcy. I mean it could go either way we could play it either way. Either that or he's shutting Darcy outright Darcy's the prize, but we already know. Yeah, I'm going forward that they're not together. Yeah, I guess you're right. I could write it's just a lot of pettiness between the two so some of the comments let us know what you guys think. Yeah, man, speaking of Tom Tom and we have an Instagram video, too. You about this, but Tom recently got some facial work done turns out that he got some Botox done. He got some facial fillers and some are even saying that previously he has gotten some fraught he froze the fat. So yeah, he's working on himself Rose the fat froze the fat. I feel like you would want to burn the fat and that Breezy. I don't want my fat stay in this it's like a whole thing though apparently like Like freezes and gets out of your body. I don't know but let's definitely take a look at Tom and his Botox. You doing great time. He's not even flood. What do you think? Is he looking fresh and renewed? Sure. Uh, I mean, he's got a little red like that's painful. Yeah. He looks like he's in pain but trying to hold it together. Yep. I'm not mad at your Poker Face Tom and I would have loved to see like a before and after but we do have his latest photo and his latest photo. He's in Queens, New York and The clue says he's got this hat on these like I'm Incognito and I really tried to blow it up to see like do you look fresher with all these procedures his looks like Tom I don't yeah. I don't see anything particularly fresh happening here, but it is kind of a obscure photo right? So maybe we just need a full frontal. I mean maybe but I mean as long as he feels good looks good. We saw in this last episode when we finally saw him. Come on the before the 90 days that he feels like he's he looks healthier. He feels better, you know, whatever makes you feel good and makes you feel confident have at it. Yeah have at it speaking of cosmetic work. Who else was I'm cosmetic. Well, you guys know what is this? What is the new season of 90 day fiancé without a new look from Darcy, right? Yeah, her frequent cosmetic changes keep the internet streets talk. Yes. So after Darcy season debut this Sunday everyone is chatting about her most recent dramatic cosmetic procedure, which is those lips. There's a video circulating online capturing her lip injection Journey where her doctor explains that the look that they're going for is a gradual process and not a no 6 Kim Kardashian. Look. Oh, yeah the shade in the video Darcy actually gets Sculptra contour and lift lip augmentation. Augmentation and nose thread lift. It looks very painful. It's yeah, it doesn't look like she was having fun at all. Anywho some people are concerned that Darcy has gone too far and I want to show you guys a before and after photo of Darcy and her sister once we once we we can finish watching the video, but there's a before and after photo of the sea. Like twins and people are just wondering if they've taken it too far. Like is they take in this are they taking this cosmetic surgery? You know too far or Nah, my thing is like do we let Darcy live or sis you taking it to I mean, I think she should live her best life and whatever makes her feel beautiful and beautiful and her own skin then have at it. But she's definitely gone through a lot of transformation. She has they look completely different. Let's show the before and after photo That we have of the Silva twins because they both got they both have quite a bit of cosmetic work done. Yeah, so there's a kind of like a before photo but there's a but it's another one. There it is. That's I mean, they look like different people. Yeah, I mean, so the top photo is really them in their very first reality show. Yeah shindig and then this is from this latest episode where you can tell there's like a lot of self tanners. Going on the lips have been done. If we flip back to the photo prior to this he has and if you blow this up, you will not believe that this is them like 10 years ago. Yeah, just totally they look the same but different different girls different girls wear a shirt. So I am just like wow, but again, I think it's mostly from me whatever it is that makes you happy. Yeah, you know, as long as you feel comfortable in your skin love the skin you're in facts. Yeah, let's move on to This movement and Lisa are you mean Soulja Boy? So just Soulja Boy tell him soldiers not that one not that guy. No, we're gonna sort of alive from Nigeria. Who's Lisa's fiance the so the first thing I wanted to show you guys was last weekend. I called Lisa Angela 2.0 and I'm sticking to it this mean came up and I just needed Share it because I want you guys to tell me in the comments if you think Angela and Lisa or similar and Lisas Angela 2.0. So both with Nigerian men both hospice care workers both try to use sex as a l'heure both sound like a pack-a-day habit shade both in early 50s with men and early 30s both monitor their men social media account both insanely jealous of women in Their men's lives. Hmm. I don't know. Let me know what you think. I'm about the same person to me. Let me know what you think. And then I because I'm just so stuck on Lisa and her wanting to have unprotected sex when she sees her fiance for the first time that she's never met in real life. Yeah in another country. I'm just going to leave this meme right here. Sweet baby Lisa brought dogs, and you can infer whatever it is that Want but that to me is Reckless Behavior. Yeah, X is serious. So let's move on to I wanted you guys to see that this man is he's like a Nigerian star so he's a singer rapper, but he's also done some movies and we were able to find on Instagram someone that posted his movie. So let's take a peek at him like that shows interesting. soldiers Nation now guys, if you know anything about an idea of soap operas, they're awesome. Like there was so character-based I once or twice or more than twice have fallen into a Netflix whole just watching it and watching yeah soap operas. So yeah, he's a movie star as well out there guys. Amazing. This is gonna be a boy Lisa's really Have to fight off the fans. I think when she gets there and she's really gonna have to deal with the fact that you know, he's a little bit of a Nigerian staff. It is what it is. Right? Let's move on to Sinjin and Tanya. Oh, yeah so has to send Jim had a change of heart. He finally shows tenía some love on IG this weekend. He posted some behind the scenes and never before seen photos from their wedding day. And his caption reads the day. I married my sugar. I love you so much and thank you for everything you have done for me and for loving me so much. I could not have asked for a better human in my life right now. I am blessed to have you in my life wife. Now before this post you guys tangia hasn't been mentioned on his IG since Halloween 2019. Wow, so my question is is a couple reconciling and remember he had the It buzzing not too long ago because he was posting videos living his best life and he was saying things like celebrating the countdown to D-Day and we assume that D de menthe divorce, right? So what's really going on send you and let us know are you throwing us all for a loop or are you just confused? What's really happening here? I have no idea, but we have some sleuthing going on. So these photos that were His wedding day photos if you go like all the way in and yeah, look at the hands. We remember that they both got those tattoos. Right? So pot is possible that this was before the ceremony and they were just celebrating or could it be after the ceremony but I don't see I don't think it's a I don't think it's after I don't think it's before because she had on that black dress and it was dark whatever the case may be. We don't know but if you look at both of their hands, I don't see tattoos. And if you go to the next photo again, there's no tattoos when they're sitting there, but what I thought was interesting too because she just posted this photo here where she is now on Cameo. Okay, so you can book her and that's her left hand and you see that yellow line again. I don't see no tattoo now tattoo. So those were hennas. Oh and you know what? That's fair. They never said they were like permanent tattoo. No, but they said tattoo. His right hand has our Tech kind of tattooing is a thin okay, it could be I feel like you would say henna and not tattoo. I mean tattoo is the tattoo in my book. I mean, I don't know that that's a good point. You made there. What do y'all think? Do you think henna tattoo equals tattoo, especially like if you're getting married and it's supposed to be like permanent. I don't know because I feel like when people get him as they specifically say, henna Yeah, I don't know. All I know is that I'm looking at photos and I'm not seeing that tattoos. So possibly there may be it's like just angles. I don't know when y'all what do y'all think? Let us know slide in the comments and let us know. Okay guys. So let's move on to Jeffrey. Jeffrey is criminal history is really coming up as a big thing this season. I know there were a lot of like podcasts and bloggers that are refusing. To talk about him this season. I feel like the more, you know, the more you know, so we're going to talk a little bit about what has come out in this past week about Jeffrey and it's been a lot. Yeah. So there was a 90-day Reddit thread that went through and shout out to 1-8-7 Anonymous gossip for posting this so basically Jeffrey is Three runs deep and it runs dark and they broken down some of the things that he is accused of so alleged child endangerment and abuse has been accused of abusing his boys physically in addition. He's been accused of using his children as drug mules and we found out that you know, he spent 30 months in prison for running drugs, but that was supposed to be back in the day, right? He's been accused of abusing his ex-girlfriend including a violent attack in which he I had her body by her hair across the wooden floors and their home. He's been accusing these are all accusations guys. I'm just giving you the facts of my I don't know. What is true. And what's not true. But these are the accusations he's been accused of abusing his ex-girlfriend including a violent attack where he dragged her her bloody by the hair across the wooden floor. He's been accused that while under arrest for he was a while under arrest for abuse he was convicted for causing severe. We're Police property damage. Allegedly. He abused his pregnant ex-wife. He's a total of four Ex-Wives and three have accused him of rape. He's fathered children. All four of his Ex-Wives and allegedly has an additional children with the various ex-girlfriends guys, it goes on and on and on and on sounds like if these allegations are true All right, he's got some serious anger anger issues and that's a lot of allegations for a new person Finding Love on a reality show. So I'm just wondering like what what's the Deep dive? Yeah, and and how do we not know these things if you know someone is digging these up and again, these are all allegations and they're all accusations. So You know, we don't know for sure sarcasm. I'm going to put read this real quick too because I think it's important to say star Chasm wrote to one of our co-hosts 90-day fiance now and said most of all this is based on our stories. There are some minor errors. For example, Jeffrey has three Ex-Wives the still legally married to his fourth his youngest children were born in Nicaragua and Costa Rica and not Jamaica and the accusation. But using his kids as part of his alleged drug dealing didn't have anything to do with his actual drug conviction, which was when he was a teen the most astonishing part of all of this is that Jeffrey is currently facing and they have currently all in bold felony charges of domestic assault kidnapping and more from an into incident with his American girlfriend in June. Wow, it's our understanding they say that he filmed after their arrest she goes on to say that This is just mind-blowing and to think that this is someone that you know, we're all getting to learn the criminal history background is indeed very intense. So I'm wondering that TLC producers knew any of this before. I mean, I don't know. That's why I'm asking like when you I don't know what the process is for reality, but I'm assuming they do some type of Deep dive into your background, right and I guess I don't know what that looks like. And if someone does know definitely hit me up in the comments and let me know and And we will follow through with that moving on so are other cohort in 90-day News Daily reported some breaking news today. So we want to talk about Sarah and we know Sarah and Julian and their best Juliana scuse me, and they're best friends, but Sarah has shared some news today, and we just wanted to give her a moment to let us know what she's talking about. Hi all 90-day free here for AfterBuzz TV is 90 day fiancé News Daily today. We have a bit of sombre news to report Monday night Julian took to her Instagram live and into the video Sarah comes in. This isn't surprising do the fact that we know the to get along very well and have actually become best friends on the live Sarah mentioned that she has some news to share and we'll let her announced herself diagnosed with early breast early stage breast cancer as far as we know. It's Contains and early stage and curable, but I still have some more testing to go through and I'll know more next week. So I appreciate any prayers Good Vibes anything that anyone wants to send my way and and our way to the whole family, but I just tell you this so that everybody will make sure you're getting your checkups make You're getting your breast exams. Make sure you're getting your mammograms as often as your doctors suggest. We love that. Sarah is staying. So we are giving her all the positive vibe and all of all the prayers and I agree with her, you know, make sure you get checked women. Yeah, yeah, you could feel the emotion in that video. Yeah, you really could really sad. Yeah. I know she's going to pull through. She's wrong spider spider. She's got the This want to give some shuts out because you guys we had so many views. We appreciate you guys. Yeah, keep watching our show. We love it and we love interacting with you, but I definitely want to capture that everyone because there was a bunch of bunch of comments like hundreds and hundreds of comments, but I didn't want to shout out Camellia and Tiffany Gomez Danita Parks, Debbie. Wakey Hayley Hayley. What's up? Love? You too. Girl Gail Johnson, Robbie Swift Millie Cummings and Attracts Loveless Miss elite member YouTube Lover Stacy curly Leah's DD to bits Carol Jackson. Thank you for finding us. Yeah, first timer. I hope you come back every week Melanie Holman swarthy princess and Margarita Hernandez, all of these people. We just loved hearing from you. And if I didn't get a chance to show you out. I read your comments. I love them and I will try to show you out next week. Yes, they are. And guys so much. Yeah, you know if they're just we love you guys definitely hit us up in the comments. I think that we've covered everything. We wanted to cover this week. I can be found all across social media at Linda's too girly. You guys can find me on Instagram at Miss Ashley. Marie guys till next week. Same time. Same place with all the juicy news and gossip will see yes by 5 Our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz TV.com and check out our lineup buzz you later. Hmm. The views expressed herein are those of the host only you do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners our principal.