Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse. King for the slip of paper bearing the address of a potential customer then a drop of rain smeared the ink was it 1541 or 1451 all of the houses on the Tidy Suburban Street looked the same just as she was about to give up and head home Linda spotted a man. He was tall and Broad standing at a yard of few houses down. He waved unlikely that it was her. Attended customer but Linda didn't care. She wanted out of the rain the man invited Linda inside and let her down to a basement Workshop his wife and children were upstairs. He explained they could be quite noisy and he wanted to chat somewhere quiet where they wouldn't be disturbed. Linda hesitated the man was big but looked harmless and he seemed intent on buying a set of encyclopedias money was tight one sale could cover her rent. And in any event, the Man's family was just within shouting distance. Linda descended the creaky basement stairs behind him. Never to emerge again. At least not in one piece. Hi, I'm Greg Paulson. This is serial killers a park has two original every Monday. We dive into the mines and Madness of serial killers today. We're digging into the story of Jerry brudos, a murderer sadist and fetishist whose horrific crimes shocked a peaceful corner of the Pacific Northwest. I'm here with my co-host Vanessa Richardson. Everyone you can find episodes of serial killers and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream serial killers for free on Spotify just open the app and type serial killers in the search bar at Park asked for grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park as Network and if you enjoyed today's episode the best way to help Pus is to leave a five-star review, wherever you're listening. It really does help. Jerry brudos also called The Shoe Fetish Slayer killed at least four women in the state of Oregon between 1968 and 1969. He's best known for wearing his victims high heels and undergarments after doing away with their bodies this week. We'll cover brutus's early life his progression from Petty Thief to sexual sadist and his first Kill next week we'll delve into his other murders and the trail of evidence that eventually placed brudos behind bars for the rest of his life. Jerry brudos Was Born Jerome Henry brute house in Webster South Dakota in 1939. The Great Depression had decimated the labor market of rural sparsely industrialized places, like Webster in a desperate search for opportunity. Brutus is Father Henry moved his wife and two songs to the Willamette Valley region of Oregon the industrial heart of the stage. This was an unstable time for The Brew doses though. The Depression had officially ended jobs. Remain scarce as Henry Bruto sought work the family bounced from town to town throughout the valley Henry brudos often worked two or more jobs to keep his family afloat. This meant leaving his two boys almost exclusively in the care of his wife who was purported to have had quite a temper Eileen brudos favored her eldest son, Larry. To her youngest Jerry already having a perfect son. Larry Eileen had desperately wanted a little girl because Jerry was born a boy. She resented him for it. He grew up hated by his mother for something entirely Beyond his control. Vanessa is going to take over on the psychology here and throughout the episode. Please note. The NASA is not a licensed psychologist or psychiatrist, but she has done a lot of research for this show. According to criminologist Scott Bond serial killers are sometimes compelled to commit murder by a deep fear of rejection this often Springs from the relationship most Central to their life from a young age their relationship with their mother someone who experiences maternal rejection as a child May grow into an adult who actively seeks to destroy those that remind him of his mother effectively eliminating such women before they have the opportunity. 2D to dismiss him, but Jerry brudos his relationship with his mother is only part of a far more complex portrait of a future serial killer. At the core of Brew doses drive to kill was an early fascination with women's clothing and accessories particularly high heeled shoes and undergarments when he was five years old rudos was playing in a dump near his home and came across a pair of discarded patent leather heels. He brought the heels home and wore them around the house when Eileen discovered this new habit. She berated brudos mercilessly and ordered him to throw out the shoes. But this ban transformed high-heeled shoes from an everyday object to a forbidden taboo. It only made the shoes that much more tempting to brew dose rather than discard the heels he hid them and wore them in secret eventually Eileen caught her son and his continued cross. Passing and she flew into a rage. She rebuked rudos viciously and forced him to watch as she burned the shoes. According to journalist Lars Larson, one of the few individuals to interview Jerry brudos in prison Brutus internalised this incident as a message of very strong disapproval from his mother. He learned that wearing high heels as a boy was wrong and dirty again Eileen to reaction only fueled the boys fixation Footwear and its association with his mother's rage would eventually serve as the basis for Brutus is developing. Koala T not long after Eileen brudos burned her son's first pair of heels. Jerry brudos sought to replace them one day as a young family friend napped with a pair of heels on brudos tried to pull them off of her feet when she awoke she was startled to see the small boy at her feet attempting to pry away her shoes kicking him aside. She ordered him to leave the room marking in his mind another significant moment of rejection involving shoes Later, when Brutus was a teenager the family moved to Grants Pass, Oregon their new neighbors had a number of daughters and brudos often snuck into the girls bedrooms to play with their clothing his fetish grew to include bras underwear girdles and other feminine Intimates and soon brudos wanted access to women's clothes and shoes all the time. So he began to steal them often from Clothing lines eventually, he amassed a substantial stash which he kept carefully hidden from the watchful eye of his mother. It's important to note that the act of wearing clothes and accessories typically associated with the opposite sex is not in and of itself wrong or indicative of a criminal or Ill. Mind humans have partaken in so-called cross-dressing for centuries as part of theatrical Productions, or as part of drag queen culture, which is itself considered a form of performance art likewise. It is important to understand the difference between cross-dressing and transgenderism. Cross-dressing strictly refers to the behavior of wearing clothes associated with the opposite sex. However, a transgender individual is someone whose personal gender identity does not correspond with their sex at Birth. There's no evidence that Jerry brudos was transgender and his behavior shouldn't be conflated with other culturally permissive forms of cross-dressing. Around the time Bruto started practicing his own devious form of cross-dressing. He also began concocting sexually violent fantasies. The victim was always young and female and the basis for these fantasies was always the same he dreamt of trapping a young woman in an underground tunnel or pit unable to escape she would be forced to do as brudos pleased rudos is dark fantasies persisted throughout his developmental phase eventually. He was unable to This to his darker impulses and committed his first violent crime in 1955 at age 16. He had stolen the undergarments of an 18 year old neighbor girl the object of some of his first perverse fantasies one day. He approached her and claimed that he was working with police to catch the thief brudos then invited her to discuss the details at his house making sure to choose a night when he knew the rest of his family would be out when the girl arrived Brutus called from upstairs telling her to let herself in and join him on the second floor following the sound of his voice. She proceeded to Brutus his bedroom. Inside a tall Mast figure jumped out at her wielding a knife and demanded take off your clothes or I'll cut you. The girl wasn't fooled. She knew who the masked man was. Even as a teenager Brutus was large cutting a distinctive and identifiable silhouette trembling. She did as she was told and stripped once the girl was entirely naked brudos produced a camera commanding her to pose as he took pictures. When the roll of film was spent the Mast brudos left the scene the girl quickly dressed and flew down the stairs there. She encountered brudos again this time. However, he was unmasked and bewildered acting as if he had only just entered the house brudos claimed he'd been locked in the barn behind the house by a stranger a tad only just managed to free himself. He asked the girl if she had seen Hanging around the property terrified. She silently shook her head and fled. the girl eventually reported the incident to the police but not for several months until that time brudos believed that his first attempt at an acting his dark fantasies was a runaway success it gave him the courage to try again and to escalate his violent acts coming up Jerry brudos develops his Mo and goes on the prowl now back to the By April of nineteen fifty six Seventeen year-old. Jerry brudos had developed into a budding criminal a few months after attacking. His neighbor brudos came across a teenage girl who needed a ride. He lured her into his car then began talking to her as if they knew each other and she had intended to meet him for a date. His behavior was unexpected bizarre and threatening the experience grew all the more frightening when Bruno spent his career. Are further and further away from town? As the girl began to panic he eventually pulled into the driveway of an abandoned Farm then without saying a word he dragged the girl from the car and savagely beat her tearing at her clothes. Her screams caught the attention of a couple driving by out the car window. They spotted the hulking brute owes bent over the girls crumpled form and swerve the vehicle into the overgrown farmyard blocking Buddhist exit. They stepped out of their vehicle to confront him brudos told the couple the girl had fallen out of the car while he was driving. He explained away her screams as a hysterical reaction to the shock of the Fall the girl shook her head, but was unable to speak through the pain the couple was skeptical brudos changed tactics telling them. He had come upon the girl as another man was attacking her. She'd been fighting him off when brudos arrived at Which point the man took off into the fields behind the farm the cup of suspected Brutus was lying. He had changed his story so quickly and so drastically unconvinced Thais courted both brudos and the girl back to their own nearby farm house where they called the Oregon State Police once in custody brudos admitted that he had beaten the girl himself. He told officers he wanted to frighten her into removing her clothes and posing for pictures. He claimed to have been unexpectedly overcome by a combination of youthful libido and his own hot temper. But when police searched brutus's car, they found camera equipment stowed away in the trunk. This was unmistakably a premeditated act when they searched Brew doses bedroom police discovered his stash of photographs pictures of women's underwear and shoes and nude photos of his neighbor Brutus claimed. He hadn't taken the photos. Another boy had and force brudos to develop them the police however weren't convinced officers arrested him for assault and battery at 17 rudo still qualified as a minor despite the violence of his crimes. He was shortly referred to the Polk County juvenile department. But a psychiatric examiner with the juvenile department determined brudos had problems that went far beyond those typical of teenage delinquency. He wasn't just a troublemaker. There was something deeply troubling about the young man The Examiner ordered brudos committed to the Oregon State Hospital psychiatric ward, so they could perhaps try to treat the mental Melody that plagued the young man. The psychiatrists were initially puzzled by the stark contrast between Brew doses. Off spoken personality and the vicious nature of his crimes according to author and Rule who profile Brutus and her book lust killer a state psychiatrist even commented on how normal Bruto seem to be they wrote. The boy does not appear to be grossly mentally ill he comes into the interview situation and sits down in dejected fashion to talk with great embarrassment about his difficulty this difficulty the psychiatrist men. Second was Brutus is shoe obsession. He was ultimately diagnosed with what doctors termed adjustment reaction of adolescence with sexual deviation and fetishism. Fetishistic disorder is defined as an intense sexual attraction to inanimate objects or body parts, not traditionally known to serve sexual functions according to an ill agrawal a doctor of forensic medicine and an expert in paraphilia or abnormal sexual desires the disorder. Arise from sexual imprinting the moment when humans learn to recognize sexually desirable traits when a child is imprinted with an incorrect concept of an object's purpose a subsequent fetishistic disorder can arise it's not hard to see how Jerry brudos has first frightening yet titillating experience with high-heeled shoes could have birthed his own specific fetish despite this diagnosis doctors at the, Oregon. State Hospital determined that Brutus was not a lost cause after only a few short months of treatment. He was released. He returned to high school that fall this time in the town of Corvallis, Oregon just south of the state capital of Salem. In high school brudos excelled in non-traditional electives such as stagecraft and electronics. Unfortunately his soft-spoken personality made him an outcast with no regular friends. He occasionally tried to strike up conversation with female classmates, but they found his awkward demeanor off-putting if not pitiable in the spring of 1957 at the age of 18 Brutus. Dated from high school at the bottom of his class. He then enrolled at Oregon State University for a time before switching to the local Vocational School in Salem in 1959 at 20 years old brudos enlisted in the US Army where he was sent to Fort Ord, California and Fort Gordon Georgia for basic training because he was skilled in electronics and Communications. Brutus was eventually assigned to the US Army signal Corps yet throughout all these moments. Some life Brutus is dark sexual compulsions. Still lingered brudos confided some of his Twisted fantasies to an army psychiatrist Captain Theodore J berry shocked and disgusted by what he heard Barry determined brudos unfit to serve. He was discharged and forced to return to Oregon to live with his mother in 1960. I'd lean brudos was entirely displeased to see her adult son returned. Home rather than allow him to sleep under her roof. She reportedly forced him to sleep in the shed behind the main house. This emotional torment likely had a substantial impact on Brew doses mental state and before long he was back to his old habits. He began stealing women's underwear and heels. He also returned to assaulting women one evening shortly after moving back home brew dos went into Salem on an errand there. He saw a pretty young woman walking to her workplace excited by her bright. Outfit brutal's followed her his movement was fast, but quiet and in the blink of an eye, he grasped her neck and began to squeeze he held fast until she fell to the ground half-conscious. Once she lay helplessly on the ground brudos stole her shoes and ran away. Upon his Escape brudos reveled in how easily he overpowered the young woman the fragility of her neck in his powerful grip shortly afterwards. He tried to recreate the thrill and attacked another woman in Portland this woman fought back viciously, but Bruto still managed to escape the encounter with one of her shoes back in his dark little shed. Brutal slept with the stolen shoes he room Needed on the power heat held over their former owners. This made him feel strong even under the hawkish Gaze of this antagonistic mother. When not hunting victims 21 year-old brudos kept up appearances. He passed the fcc's commercial radio operator test with a license in hand. He found work as an operating engineer with one of Corvallis has radio stations brudos liked his job. He was good at it. He fit in with the other station staff something previously unfamiliar to him, but brudos longed for female companionship albeit a Kind he yearned for someone he could control in definitely a kept woman a friend at the radio station set brudos up on a date. She was young and pretty and went by Darcy Darcy was 17 when she met 23 year-old brudos. She had big eyes and dark hair. She was attractive and dated frequently. But what was most important to brew dose was that she was a good girl quiet and soft-spoken and Obedient to her parents Darcy was rarely one to question authority. She was exactly what brudos was looking for when they first met Darcy was not impressed with him though tall and Broad Brutus was average-looking and already had thinning hair in his early 20s, but Darcy was nothing if not compliant and older man had asked her out. So she felt obligated to accept luckily for brudos. He chose a swimming hole. Their first date Darcy love to swim. She was also surprised at Brew doses sense of humor. He choked and made her laugh and soon enough the 17 year old girl reconsidered her preconceived notions about her big awkward date unlike his perception of other women brudos found Darcy entirely unthreatening. She listened to him laughed at his jokes and made him feel important. Whereas women his own age hadn't found Brutus appealing Darcy being six years his Junior was more easily impressed after all Brutus was a working man out of school. He may have seemed like an attractive alternative to her sheltered life under her parents roof. Darcy's parents. However, weren't fond of the strange young man. Their daughter was dating but this only added to brew doses appeal the shy and obedient teen was now itching to Well and brudos was all too happy to help he made it easy brudos put Darcy on a pedestal. He was tender and chivalrous holding doors open and lavishing her with compliments and flowers. The young lovers spent all their time together despite protests from Darcy's parents determined to cement their relationship. They hatched a plan if Darcy were to become pregnant. They theorized the two would be allowed to marry. 3 it worked in 1962 Darcy became pregnant the couple was married within six weeks of the announcement. Brutus was 24 Darcy wasn't quite yet 18. Brudos felt he had secured Darcy's lifelong commitment For Better or Worse coming up Jerry brudos spirals deeper into his Twisted obsessions while Darcy turns a blind eye now back to the story in the early 60s 24 year-old. Jerry brudos fell in love with then 7. In your old Darcy to quiet her parents rejections to the relationship the young lovers conspired to have a child forcing a shotgun wedding. Sexually the couple's relationship largely catered to brutus's tastes because Darcy was sexually inexperienced before meeting her husband. She thought there was a little wrong with his insistence on taking nude pictures of her brudos was relentless expending roll after roll of film building a very Double library of his wife's naked body the photos were one thing but some of Brutus is other sexual proclivities cause Darcy more concern he would occasionally direct her to ride their daughters tricycle in the nude while he took photos. Sometimes he even pulled a nylon stocking over her face during intercourse and through it all Brutus insisted Darcy where patent leather heels during sex Those she was compliant. None of these requests made Darcy particularly happy yet. Brudos assured her. This was simply what husbands and wives did for each other. She knew no better for Darcy outside of the bedroom. The first few years of their marriage were domestic Bliss. She had felt taken care of despite brutus's inability to hold down a job when one fell through he always seemed to find another radio station to take him on. Despite having an obedient kept woman at home brew dos went back to prowling the streets opportunistically stealing ladies undergarments from clotheslines with Darcy busy caring for baby Megan. She didn't notice that her husband was spending more and more time out of the house at night as Brutus is Secret Life grew more intense that same urgency seep deeper into his marriage brittles demanded that Darcy. She wear high heels all the time. Even when doing household chores. She went along with his wishes, even though the shoes made her feet knees and back hurt, but her patience was wearing thin. according to the National Domestic Violence Hotline Darcy may have tolerated this home environment for a number of reasons many victims of spousal abuse believe that the toxic dynamic they experience every day is normal and as we previously established brudos was able to easily convinced our see that his sexual demands were typical to most marriages and the heavy expectations placed on wives of the time would have kept Darcy from considering any Alternative according to family lawyer when the L Patrick social pressures highly discourage divorce in the 1960s. These pressures meant women endured more stringent expectations to maintain traditional family structures. And so Darcy put up with brutus's sexual demands as well as the families itinerant lifestyle. Because brudos was chronically incapable of holding down a job. He had moved Darcy and Megan repeatedly from town to town in search of work by the time his second child a boy was born in 1967. The family had relocated more than 20 times around the Willamette Valley Brew dose was only 28 in many ways. This was reflective of brutus's own unstable upbringing, but this wasn't the only Infamous childhood that he repeated though. He was not outwardly cruel or derisive of his eldest Megan like his mother had been to him. Brutus was distant with his children, perhaps mimicking the attitude of his own absent father and while brudos drifted from his children Darcy now in her early 20s began to distance herself from brudos emotionally and sexually as a more fully realized adult woman, Darcy had grown quite Quietly suspicious of her husband's sexual appetites this tormented brudos. He even claimed to suffer from migraines and self-described blackouts. Whenever he sense Darcy's affections waning this insecurity triggered more nighttime prowls and more thefts of women's underwear and shoes each transgression was a Band-Aid soothing Brew doses anxieties pent-up rage and purported migraines. But only temporarily in a bid to recapture Darcy's attention brudos left photos of himself wearing stolen women's clothes throughout the house, but when Darcy found the pictures she threw them away and never asked her husband to explain Darcy wanted no part of her husband's after dark activities, but couldn't bring herself to face her increasingly troubling reality instead. She retreated into her motherly duties with absolute. Get tunnel vision according to psychotherapist and relationship expert. Dr. Carla Lasko emotionally driven desires can sometimes override our perception of reality wanting to believe something is true or not true can supplant more rational considerations here. Darcy may have been so overcome by her desire for a normal family life that she would not let herself confront her husband's obsessions if she refused to Deal with Brutus has fetishes in her mind. They weren't real. But Darcy's denial couldn't change the reality of her husband's impulses and Brutus was chasing his fantasies with greater and greater ferocity in 1967. Brudos found himself alone in downtown Portland there. He spotted a young woman wearing a particularly alluring pair of heels initially brudos. Wanted to knock her down then and there in broad daylight and flee with the shoes, but he restrained himself. Ed he followed the woman for hours just out of sight when she returned to her apartment building brudos noted, which window was hers. He waited until he could be sure the woman was asleep then broke into her apartment to Rifle through her closet hunting for the pair of shoes. He had spotted earlier, but the woman woke up. She saw a hulking dark figure kneeling on her bedroom floor before she could scream Brutus had already and leaped across the room. Room to her bedside afraid. She might register his face and be able to identify him to police. He wrapped his hands around her neck and choked her the woman's body went limp excited. Once again by the feeling of absolute power. He wielded over the woman's unconscious form Bruto sexually assaulted her when he finished. He took the shoes. He had come for and left it signaled a new phase of Brutus. Is sexual sadism he wanted to take something more than just physical possessions from his prey. His awful crimes would only escalate further after an accident at work further damaged his impulse control while working as an electrician at a radio station in Corvallis, 28 year-old brudos accidentally connected a live wire to a terminal sending 480 volts of electricity off his arm and through his chest. Chest the force of the jolt was so strong that it reportedly picked brudos up and threw him across the room a smaller man may have been killed but brudos miraculously survived though. The accident was life threatening. He was never seen by a doctor despite Darcy's insistence. He refused to be examined perhaps recalling his negative experience being examined by Captain Barry and the Army exposure to significant amounts of electrical energy. Cause brain injury in fact Studies have linked this form of trauma to a kind of acquired sociopathy or psychopathy. Dr. Ryan Darby an assistant professor of Neurology at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Tennessee has found a link between lesions and other long-term injuries to the brain and an increased risk of criminal Behavior. This is particularly likely when an injury occurs along the brains moral decision-making Network which includes Ludes the prefrontal cortex the posterior cingulate and angular gyrus together these regions govern impulse control and value based decision making injuries along this pathway can also inhibit empathy. Thus decreasing a brain injured persons capacity for remorse bring us already lacked sufficient empathy to stop himself from assaulting and raping women the electroshock likely only made it worse. After the accident Brutto circled ever closer to the theme at the core of all his dark sexual fantasies a Subterranean lair in which he could keep young women captive entirely subject to his will the brutal sometimes imagined his wife as one of his captive women. He never hurt Darcy. She was spared the Fate that befell brutus's first victim. Twenty-eight-year-old brudos met nineteen-year-old encyclopedia saleswoman Linda's Lawson on the street outside his house. He asked her inside and led her to the basement. The one area of the house. He forbade his family from entering according to author and Rule Brutus told Linda. I'm really interested in buying some encyclopedias. The basement was dark and Linda was apprehensive. But as soon as she heard the Whose words Linda perked up she felt more at ease with the prospect of a sale on the table recalling Brew doses mention of a daughter. She attempted to upsell him a set of children's books also produced by her publisher as she bent to retrieve a set of promotional pamphlets from her carrying case Brutus offered to turn the basement light on he quickly shifted behind her. The next thing Linda felt was an immense blow against the side of her head. She fell to the floor unconscious Brutus had struck Linda with a wooden 2x4 with quiet haste. He dropped the plank and bent down to check her vitals detecting slight stirrings of Life Brutus began to squeeze her neck. He felt her bones crack beneath his Brute Force. He only let go when he was sure she was dead. He heard footsteps overhead in the excitement of his first kill Brutus had forgotten that his mother was upstairs babysitting the kids while Darcy was out. He had to get rid of them fast. He dashed upstairs shoving a five dollar bill in his mother's hand. He instructed her to take the children out to dinner according to an rule. He then demanded she knocked on the floor when she returned. He did not want to be interrupted. So loan brudos returned to his basement Shop of Horrors. He immediately stripped Linda's corpse and was delighted to find she was wearing a pair of bright red underwear. He then used slauson's body like a doll posing her and dressing her up in his collection of purloined women's clothes undergarments at shoes. But he knew he couldn't keep the body in definitely the basement freezer was too small to store a full corpse brudos proceeded to cut off Linda's Lawson's left foot a more manageable size Trophy and a model for his precious collection of high heels. He could enjoy for days and weeks to come once his family was asleep Bruno slipped out of the house with slauson's footless corpse and drove North by to am heat arrived at the st. John Bridge Crossing the Willamette River into blind pretending to have a flat tire Brutto set up a jack under the rear bumper cars passed but no one thought twice of the man rummaging in the trunk of a stalled vehicle by the side of the bridge when the coast was clear. He tied Linda's body to a heavy engine part carried her to the bridge Rail and dropped her into the Rushing Water below. Utterly remorseless brudos packed up the Jack got back in the car and returned home to his sleeping family. Darcy was none the wiser that her husband had just committed his first murder days later at the encyclopedia publisher where Linda worked her colleagues assume. She quit after all selling encyclopedias wasn't a lucrative Enterprise and sales people had a tendency to come. And go it wasn't until their own family raised the alarm about the Portland Police began investigating Linda's disappearance as Linda's body lay at the bottom of the Willamette River her foot sat frostbitten in Jerry brudos has basement freezer, but when he grew tired of using it to model shoes, it followed the rest of her body into the water. Though he had tired of Linda's body the thrill of killing her lingered. Jerry brudos had successfully carried out his first kill and he had no intention of stopping at one. Thanks again for tuning into serial killers for more information on Jerry brudos amongst the many sources. We used we found the book lust Killer by Ann Rule extremely helpful to our research. You can find episodes of serial killers and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like serial killers for From your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream serial killers on Spotify just open the app and type serial killers in the search bar several of you have asked how to help the show and if you enjoy the show the best way to help is to leave a five star review and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will see you next time have a killer week serial killers was created by man. Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound designed by Juan boorda with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Freddy Beckley this episode of serial killers was written by Jake Flanagan with writing assistance by Abigail Cannon and stars Greg Paulson and Vanessa Richardson.