Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, butYou know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend Declan. He's a guy who I train with sometimes in Fusion training center in Jiu-Jitsu. He does it in Tullamore normally, but when he comes across and he trains over with us, he about two months ago, maybe three months ago now he sent me a message kind of out of the blue. We'd only really talked about Jiu-Jitsu up until then on the mats andOf and he said he would start doing a massage and holistic course and he asked if I wanted to you know, if we wanted to see if it would help with my anxiety and depression and things like that because he had read some of my blogs. So, you know, I it was just a really really nice thing for him to do. He I'm hot I hope it helped him in what he was doing because he's obviously in the middle of the course. He got to try the different stuff. He was being shown Each week when he was when he was in in studying it down in Limerick. I would say that it has helped with my anxiety because it could not on the day and you know, he'd come over in a Sunday on a Sunday evening and Sunday night. I would obviously feel a lot more relaxed and even into a Monday where you know, the muscles are obviously much more chilled I suppose and him you just kind of you sleep better. I've seen on the night too. And it's something you definitely look forward to the to the following Sunday. So M we kind of haven't finished yet because he's still coming out but you know so far it has been a benefit to me. It was completely selfless act on his parents for him to do it. I just thought of such a nice thing for him to do. He has since put out a Facebook page and you know, I'd love if you went on and like this and shared and you know as other people to like it, it's DC Sports and Holistic Massage you can go on there his phone numbers on there. I can contact him. I would recommend them highly and and it's a coincidence this week. We have someone who's already benefited from his massage last weekend and she is a former competitive bodybuilder and a current competitive power lifter. And her name is Ian mackaye. I got a wrong. It's all right. I see te McCabe. I'm sorry. I was flying. I just fly in and then and on the big part I messed up, but sorry Zita. Thanks for coming out. No problem Derek. How are you doing today? Grand let slightly nervous to be honest. That's I think that's understandable. We're in the middle of a storm Jorge outside. You can probably hear that coming through on the the earphones you'll hear the wind and the rain and things like that. And so sorry about that little bit of interference. There it is. There it is, but it is fun. It's great. But you know, that is great about it. It's stopping the noise of the water tank in the background that's recommend head every episode and Z2. Can you tell us like a short history history about your upbringing? Yes, I grew up in Good Old Willow Park and that loan across from the AIT college and I went to our lady's Bower a secondary school and then obviously after that progressed on to the bower and or answer the AIT. So that's my little are now after you to be named Ronald and I suppose it was when I started in college that I was getting more into fitness and obviously the chorus I did was a business and sports and Rec and I suppose my influence. Also what it would be my dad because he started off. In bodybuilding or sorry powerlifting back in the 90s. And so that kind of, you know got me kind of go on as well because either little like, you know, Jim in the garage, so when I was about five or six, it was lifted and very light dumbbells. He didn't force me to do it and little pictures of me then from when I started when I was with five basically is what I started lifting weights for fun. But when I was in the AIT college that when I started to get into a little bit more loved bodybuilding and I suppose that's where I start to go into first. Just before they obviously the power lift and and I just love the you know, the shape of you know, Dune a kind of a diet and and all that for like 16 weeks. Yeah, you know and really, you know vigorously train and everything is down to a tee and everything like that. And so yeah, so yeah, that's I'm from athlone originally. My accent is a bit weird. It's not the normal at own accent. But also I know you didn't know this before you interviewed me. I did allocation license. My parents wanted me when I was younger. I was very very Quiet so kind of amp of people meet me in the street and think I'm quite not when you get to know me but yeah the speech and elocution lessons when I was younger. I went to associate dip in speech and drama and so that learnt me learned me taught me how to speak a little bit better In Crowd instance, you know to you know, pick me no control my anxiety. So it's kind of always been there and I gee I didn't realize it until later on in life. So it's a little bit of a waffle history of my life Noggin. Yeah, you bring up with you bring up anxiety there. But yeah, well I was You know, I've asked Matt and Josh so far have come on like what's the when did you first become aware of mental health in general? I suppose when I was a teenager. I've always been aware of certain mentality store are out there. I didn't really know enough in detail to have a conversation with anybody about it. And because I didn't feel comfortable in relation to not having the answers and their back or into whatever, you know, I would talk about it, but I'd say when my mom was in North Carolina and I was there for Christmas. I heard that I school friend of mine had taken her own life, so The after Christmas so that was when I was in my 20s, so that's when it kind of hit home that Jesus, you know, someone my age is going through something that you wouldn't even think about it the life and soul of the party. Yeah, you wouldn't even think it I didn't seem like she had a fake persona or anything like that loveliest person. You could ever meet you just don't know what's going on in someone's head and you can't be presumptuous either, you know, yeah, so that's when I was quite aware of mental health soldiers like 1920. Yeah, I think like I think we talked about it before. Yeah, it is one of those things that we're roughly the same age. So in our in our patients, yeah, well one of us made in one of his legs your nerdy 40. Yeah 40 people remind me that all that but you know, when were in our teens it wouldn't have been talked about anyway, no because it's something in my opinion obviously, everyone has a pinion to voice So my answer might ins fit someone's criteria of what they think but When you're a teenager, it's something you wouldn't think about each other. But boys obviously or girls whatever you're into whatever soaps are out there in relation to TV shows anything. That's the now. Yeah, nothing that's mental health, you know, if we don't talk about it, it's not their type of thing when you're a teenager, but now I think nowadays it's something that people can talk about and sometimes unfortunately people can't yeah or talk. Yeah, definitely or they don't feel they can the yeah, that's that's another thing. It's the whole thing of Like it's still seen as a weakness for some people and yeah, you know, it's sad and that's what happens to people in the end their own lives that they've left with nothing like that that that's something I probably bring up later when we talk about it because obviously not many people would know I have inside you. Yeah and like that. I see it in my opinion which people might think don't be silly. It's not a weakness, but for me to open up him come across as weak in my opinion. Yeah, someone else might think no don't know. It's okay to open up. It's okay to talk boys for me. If I keep everything caged in and forwards. It's okay. I'd no one needs to know about it. But the unfortunate thing about that is when I had a little breakdown our server and medically, you know confirmed right down because I put things into a box it eventually converts if you don't talk about it, so that's why I feel to know what Eric I think I might as well come on to the partner to talk about things that like that people wouldn't don't know. I haven't lazy or maybe they do and they just never said it it's true and like I admire you for coming on it's you know, it's scary as it is. It's get a scary because it is right but I've talked about I've talked about mine over and over again. So obviously it becomes something that's slightly easier to talk about when I'm coming on to a podcast, you know, but if you haven't talked about it to a certain people who will hear it. It is not its excit itself. You know, of course I had to control my anxiety before I Onto that obviously with your lovely soothing voice. Okay, it kept me what look - your look, you know, I mean, it'll keep me calm, you know, obviously drinking coffee right now is it's going to elevate the fear the anxiety but it's up to my mentality as a competitor to control it, which is another talk about later on nerves and how yeah, I control of the anxiety when it comes to competition. Well, actually, yeah, right we're going we're going to the anxiety part because people's anxiety manifests itself in different ways off. Honestly, and I've talked about her mind does when you are coming into a whether it's a panic attack or just an anxious day. What does it bring out a new Lick in what respect do you mean, you know if you like if I'm we talked about in a shop and your leg it uh-huh fight like it literally back later, dude. I'm done with the door. It's that it's that it's that it's that whole thing. You just going where what is your I suppose. Those way of dealing with it. Okay. That's that's what you meant. Yeah, and do you know what lately I used to like a be a defeatist attitude where I'd go right? I can't be here. I can't be in here in pennies or sorry for mansion on a shop name it if I'm in the shop there and have another panic attack the skiers. You heard I'd be thanking Jesus. Here's our must think I'm some dodgy character coming in here. Me and my mom looking a bit dodgy for me. I'm getting palpitations and I get sweaty Palms. I need to kind of hold. Old something that's a bit more solid like say I might like it know like stay in one area just hold onto one of the shelves look at the you know, look at the look at the look at the furry wall or look at the very, you know, pajamas or something distraction mechanisms like something to distract me, but unfortunately sometimes I find if I don't wear my glasses, I just find it overwhelming just all the sounds and different things. I don't have ADHD or anything like that not diagnosed not it's confirmed. I don't have any of those but I just find them. I control them is just basically 4 squared breathing a few different techniques. I've learned from one of my mates who is studying to do clinical therapy and relations to different things like that. And so just for square breathing and lately. I've decided to you know fight against the panic attack and just you know, what get on with it. I'm not going to let her take over my life. How am I going to leave the four walls of my house? If I go into less something that I can try and control in my mind, you know, Doolittle mechanisms and I go I've gone And do this, you know and whatever it might help me get through the day. So saying in the shop a little bit longer, you know tax and somebody, you know checks yourself for one of my best mates or anybody else any distraction mechanisms. That's what I found have lately help me come over at the panic attacks and just just breathe just breathe through control sit down as a coffee shop and there and now I just sit down read the paper. That's tough to see you've turned to the fight. Whereas the flight thing was. It's Easier the flight thing obviously. Yeah, and I've done it way more than it on the five-part. Yeah. So you've you've decided your knuckle down and just go for the fight lie. I just think that's the natural competitor in me. Like, you know, some people that might be competitors from I find that they can't you know, usual eyes that energy that they that they protrude a choo-choo train and or true, you know true competition day, but I just found lately. You know what I just don't want it to take over like he know I you know, I'm strong minded. And I seems to be helping me lately that I can go out and do this and that like today's the day off from work a day off training. Okay, I'm gonna go into storm George going to town like a crazy woman and look at the shops wrong time. But you know, I just found lately. It's a bit better but a few weeks ago. I didn't even want to leave the house. That's that's what I was going to actually ask you about. Yeah, the the effects that it does have in your life if you have are having like a really shocking day, right, you know full-on anxiety all the time like Well, howdy, what do you do to kind of fight back against it? If you're just in that you like you said just in the house doesn't have to be the techniques when in your mind your stuff it can be stuff that you turn to whether it's you know, music or films or whatever it is. What's your kind of comfort zone when you're in those kind of moves, you know, of course music, I love music if I could play an instrument that will be something that I would definitely do and I think it is therapeutic. Like, I love to learn learn acoustic guitar. I'd love to smash the bejesus out of Drone kids or something like Bush, you know, I find music is is my therapy. I like obviously a lot of people know I like heavy metal. But I do like classical need you like a lot of different i-i-i mean music. Junkie. I love every type of music. I see here what your ear your you know pictures you have here you like to beat it's like the Beatles as well like Hans Zimmer. I like different things whatever mood I made it doesn't necessarily have to be a particular mood that I listen to, you know, Soundgarden or Or a you know, you know different stuff like to you know, or later. I'm sorry. I was looking at your record collection. And yeah and dip the difference in the in like you like you say Hans Zimmer. So I'm going all this it you it's a huge range, but that's good in the sense that you can reach into those things for emotions as well. Well, yeah, I find I suppose this might sound stupid to some people but I find you know, like say heavy metal music and stuff like that that I can. Pursue my emotions through that in a relationship my training I like listening to music some people like amped music like, you know cancers like Tomorrowland like heavy Rave whatever tickles your fancy. I love all music, but my particular genre will be Rock heavy metal old school rock doesn't have to be like, you know, obviously I'm completely obsessed with like Slipknot and Rammstein. I'm going to see them in the summertime in Belfast. Definitely be wearing my mask. Stop there for the the old crew. On the fire. Yeah, but not a Corona beer. It's like yeah the Corona beer heard that but American Sun drinking an hour or something. Yeah. Yeah, that's not the same thing. That's but I was done your house to today. It was Tuesday. We were chatting about this podcast, but we just we did listen music for about four hours like yeah, I just is that like I don't invite my mate over go. Hey, we're just gonna watch YouTube for you my phone cast and we just chill here watching YouTube videos, but no I just find I can watch a flip and concert. You know, I'm aware of Curse not gonna curse and swear if I curse if I curse you going to get a year old part time I curse but I'm a divot for that. And yeah, like I love watching music and it's something I love talking about it. Well, you know, you're very passionate about it and it's like I wish I play it. I wish you a nice. Oh, yeah could course on this pot. See plenty time for Tots Tony Young. Yeah, and but what I was saying, but we went to I went down to your house and I was introduced I have seen you slip now, of course not but not much about Rammstein. And and nothing about Lamb of God actually Lamb of God are amazing. Please listen to them people. It's something I watch them download last year. I made. Yeah, it's I you know me, I'm like I've taken play instruments. So I'm nerdy about instrument car. I was like, so I'm just watching their strumming away. Yeah, you know, I'm like you seriously that stupid the admiration for those musicians that you would normally listings, you know, so people should open up a little bit more to music like that not happened or has box and have a particular. Yeah not going to listen to that, but give it a chance. Anything of shots thinking exactly. Well, I suppose at this point is probably a good time for me to read out the ad so we'll get to our sponsors and then we'll be back to you. Fusion Training Center monks and that loan a place to train in Brazilian jiu-jitsu kick boxing martial arts and Crossfit a great atmosphere would be experienced coaches and a real sense of community. If you want to join the team find us on Facebook at Fusion Training Center are drop in for a chat Fusion Training Center train Like a Warrior. So Ziza. Yes, sir back and Roger that first thing I want to talk about right is I know you touched it a little bit already, but it's their power lifting. Yes. What is the part of not want to do first? What sport? I took a first yeah. No, I do. I actually know because I want to talk with the bodybuilding. Yeah, because intriguing topic it's a very intriguing time to a lot of people because it's such to to the out from the outside looking in if you don't know anything about it, it just looks like my God that's must be a lot of work. So what's the origins and then you touched on a tiny bit already? But what's the origins of your body building? Well, my father. Yeah, he did para lifting first did when he couldn't that was in the Irish team which the Europeans and that and then decided that he had the structure for bodybuilding so like that that you know, I've been to these competitions and he does the or a BBF competitions in Ireland and I've been to a few shows over the years and I was saying to myself do you know? Know what I actually like this sport. It might look odd to people these massively people on stage showing off their bits in a bikini or a guy in their trunks, but I found that it was some form of discipline for me - you know, what is the sport? I it is a sport. It's a sport. I could be good at and I got to where I felt you know what I do, but I couldn't this I liked it now. I don't like it anymore and went into 2 power lifting. What what didn't you like about it anymore? It's what I started competing in 2014. I did a couple of shows here. I didn't NPC show that in America my mom moved to America and remarried about 14 years ago. I think and I did a show over there and it's you know, it's highly competitive. I'm highly competitive and I love that and it was it's an individual sport. Yeah, it's quite lonely. But as only as lonely as you make us, you know, obviously different things are out of the window when you are competing everything is strategic to your training your nutrition nutritionally. Everything is Chewed and Corden to what phase your ass in relation to your coach and I just back to that everything is down to a tee in grams. So that's where I suppose the topic of body dysmorphia comes in. It doesn't hit a lot of people some females or males. It doesn't fortunately take over your mind and I saw him my my mentality I kind of lost sight of what reality was I became too meticulous with everything which you do need to be in this. You need you need to have everything to achieve. If you're going to Showcase your hard work, you know, you're not going to you know, fumble at some stage and mess up your hard work and dedication, you know, your coaches time your nutrition just for the sake of a donut. I just for a second for take away. Yeah, all that nice food all those nice treats and obviously all those different types of ingredients and I'm like Josh was talking about the lactase very the last day, you know, all the fructose all the different joggers how it can affect you and so I was like, I just kind of got to to emaciated lock-in. I became you know, I don't have OCD but I did become very or city in that. I overtrained other undernutrition analyze myself announced to my coach because I wanted to get more shredded then what he had planned for a bikini female and you don't need to be shredded and have striations trations are the muscle fibers showing more visibly, you know, when less less body fat for anybody who doesn't do Bodybuilding, so it's all those nice muscle striations if you ever seen any anatomy books, so that's what striations are and I just got to to Maci aged and it did affect as a female it did hormonal hormonal e affects me and so I'm open about talking about that in the can and so that's that's the main reason why I stopped doing that. It just I just became a person that I wasn't anymore and it's obviously they're not going to effective mental health is a huge and that's where the anxiety came. Okay, you know an interesting topic but a taxi driver on the way I was here saying that I was doing the podcast and how you know, I'm talking about anxiety and all he was you know, he's Irish Taxi man and you know, nothing against any Irish tax man, like, you know arbitrary like it was obviously something triggered it off, you know, and I said, yeah it was I did bodybuilding years ago and he said I know I know I'm a man that does bodybuilding and I think back in the Shannon side day but poor McCabe is like, oh, that's my dad. I can't Go anywhere without anybody knowing you Daddy and you know, it's funny because you know, he's a paramedic Advanced paramedic. So he everyone, you know knows him but like like that I was talking about anxiety and mental health and you know, I wanted to come to the podcast talk about Fitness and her deck and kind of help reduce different parts of that and help me release my in the happy hormone serotonin, and he was like, well, I suppose he bring it on your service. Whatever you think Society thinks that you're thinking and suppose it's how you are probably quite sensitive the taxi driver just to We're not my time saying this, you know, it's how you decipher what Society thinks. Yeah. I love you. You know, you must be quite a sensitive person. If you have, you know, brought this on to yourself, you know, and so seeing how I was bullied when I was in actually mentioned this I was bullied when I was in primary school. So that actually still has a knock-on effect of and crowd crowd scenarios and like that. He said it's probably something you brought on yourself. Yeah, so very closed off to yeah, but he's he's right a voice. His opinion course. Yeah, that's his thing. But for someone that doesn't have anxiety I had to be adamant and put my little foot see down and go. No, this is it look this is obviously there's a way of doing it but the fact that you summoned who doesn't have anxiety. Yeah. I have a mental health disorder and they're trying to tell the other people who do have it why they have it yet. But he's basically trying to be my shrink for, you know few minutes that I was coming out in the taxi ride out here very very expensive one is chosen. He's he's making his ways and every right but but like that. He's putting me in a box that that's that's why you're like that. Yeah, but what about ABCD and e or the Bose, you know that the monitor but the Montebello boxes that you know, I could be part of like and what really annoyed me was it's, you know, it's a social media. He said it's the social media. Yeah. Yeah and no, yeah fair enough. Yeah. I'm on social media whatever, but you can't just blame. That factor I said there's different factors. If you have stressors in work stressors, you know here and there all of them can have an add-on effect, of course and can affect you to the point where your anxiety is overwhelming. So it's not, you know, just social media just it's an accumulation of everything, you know, and I get quite passionate but that because yeah when I did the bodybuilding days, yes, I did get a few trolls via messenger in a few pervert. But there's a nice little button you can go and do block, you know, you have the control mechanism to filter that but unfortunately, sometimes it just takes that one little person or big person to just say one thing that just can mess up your day and you don't have to be sensitive. It just might have got you on it. What the heck? What did they say that for a newbie? Just so you know and then it's like oh, why can't I control my emotions and that point it just you know, I think as well as that though, and there's No, I have no doubt that you've heard this from people before and it does become really irritating all I concur. Yeah, I love that word I concur but it is one of those things that is so it kind of it would record a director weekend, but someone just telling you and you're drinking so you agree because obviously you understand. Yeah. I agree a tickets. I think just need that they need a little bit more. I don't know mute button. Yeah, our turn the volume down a bit maybe because blame and social media for everything is the wrong way to go. I mean, sometimes it can be quite toxic. Well, it depends how you use it or you what it is happy like I've decided over the years. So I'm just going to say, you know of someone I put up something there the other day. I don't know. It's just kind of old coronavirus. I'll share that as you know, because you know, maybe somebody hasn't read the news. I'll just share that and somebody went on it's not it's not confirmed yet. And I was like, it's actually it is confirmed that a person in it. In West made doesn't have it and he went on and you know fair enough. He might have seen that need the article. He is not confirmed it and I was like, here's the hours ago have a good rate there. It's confirmed that he doesn't have it. But he might get it again. You know, he just don't know but like that. I was like to know what I'm just not gonna waste my energy. I'm just going to delete this post because I thought I can control it exactly and it is your pages. Yeah. Everyone is every right. I'm not saying that he was wrong to mention that I am not saying I you know, I'm right and he's Wrong, I was just like I don't want to have to waste my energy know, you know, where you know, I don't want to have a bad day or someone is like no, it's harmless topic was just like I sound like you know, what you need to be right Sita this person can't be right. You're going to beat them and I'm like, it's not a competition but like that. I'm just like, you know, I just want to leave the post. Yeah and like that. I just very rarely. I just post my videos of train and like that is like my progress of my strengths and hopefully I can Inspire somebody that I want to get into fitness, you know. This is great. You know, I'm not going to be some you know, Arnold Schwarzenegger. He's best ever, you know for bodybuilding. You know, what Heather Connor that I follow for powerlifting. She's an American at least, you know, I met her last year at ABS powerlifting and I'm online coach boy and Dove and up and up spiral left and globin and that club has helped me so much. I'm around people like myself in relationship tattooed. It's not just a club for people with tattoos, like rock music. There's a Creations of different people but you know Jay Ferentz is like he has a great Club there. It's a great Club environment and there's loads of different clubs like, you know, shrimp militia up in Belfast their City Gym in Limerick, you know, it's a great community and then just you know, the atlin powerlifting Club as well where I started so, you know, okay, you know, I progressed on to a different coach and you know, I'm progressing as a person I'm getting stronger and for abs powerlifting, you know, that is help me utilize, you know any A bad days and have and I just go up there and a Sunday and it's a you know, I make a track but I want to go places for powerlifting might take me awhile. Yeah, but I'm going to put the heart Grafton and because of the clock there and I'm around so many cool people that are there to help you and you know, it's you know, I've changed so much joy and power lifted like understand that's we I talked a bit of a fusion and it sounds the same got my back to yeah, you know what that the passion for it and some place where it's it's like a another home, you know, and I think I think that's class, you know. Put like where did why you obviously you stopped doing the the body building. Yeah. Where did the why did you start with powerlifting then? Well, I always lifted weights. I always loved lifting heavier than the boys and shame. I'm like damn boy. I can lift heavier than you and then I was like, you know, maybe I should compete obviously. I'm not competing against the guys on a complaint against women and so I'm in them the sub-sector Treeway class and that suits me. I took me a while to used to filling out filling. Cows and terms to in relation to filling my muscles more wood utilizing them with the proper nutrition and I suppose I always lifted weights when I was 16 and I'm like 36 this year. So I've lifted weights for a long time and the only real difference is its periodized so periodization its planned particularly for the lift you're doing so there's squat bench and deadlift. So there's little assistant training things that I do assistant training would be say stuff like, you know, On the curls, you know chest practice variations lat pulldown so different exercises that can help make you stronger for bench help make you stronger for squash and help make you stronger for for deadlifts. Yeah. So the only real difference is my training is more specified to my sport whereas the bodybuilding is to get as lean as he can relation to the the spec that they have for the bikini class that I was doing. So the only real difference. I'm lifting weights in both Sports. Yeah, just nutritionally. I can have a little bit more relaxation and relation to I can have a donut here and there, you know, I can have you know a fake away, you know, I don't eat meat so, you know my coach didn't realize that he's like damn girl. What do you eat? I'm like, I know there's plenty of other variations of protein. You can have your plant based ones. You can have your you know, your peas like your you know, your chickpeas your handles and it was so but I eat fish so, you know, so that's that's the type of stuff that I would eat then like that. That's that was another thing. I was going to ask because it's the The the the difference in when when you put you put sometimes post older pictures. Yeah. I just kind of you know, miss those threads shreds. It's been really lean and I'm like nah, I just got out that Daydream. Yeah back to being nice full option was woman with curves. Yeah, but the that I like not just cause men like, yeah, except that's that's the thing about it like you obviously when you were doing that. Yeah in the bodybuilding that's what you liked. But that's what I liked at that at that point my life. That's that's what I love to do. Doing I still love the smartest. So go and watch it my dad competitively competing that on the Irish team and the Masters over 50. That's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. I'm admiration for an advanced paramedic shift work is an eight-year-olds, you know daughter with my stepmom. So, you know if my dad can do that have you no family life like that and also my brother and me then there's no excuse for anybody to go out for a walk to clean up there eating to go to the gym, you know, it doesn't have to be like a More of dictatorship. You have to do it this way, you know and anybody can do it. It's all about the mind. It's all about us getting a little bit disciplines few. My mates would say it's too difficult not but that's you restricting yourself of thinking it thinking it's difficult. But what about if you write down in a journal of how you're feeling and why you went off the bandwagon in relation to nutritionally eating shizzle. I'm not gonna curse, you know, I gonna do sleep dog. I'm gonna say it's gonna Snoop Dogg but I am but like that everybody is capable. It's just a matter of willpower and you know, it's too difficult teacher to do it. But no we what how are you feeling right now? Knock race. Yeah, if like were Joshua's a nutrition can affect your mentality and you can have that brain fog why write down what you're eating you can pinpoint then if you don't have a clue seek out help. Relation to maybe got a Josh your friend Jihad on the podcast look out. There's you know, there's there's free guidelines out there with the HSE, you know and different things not just hate to seem few people might not like the HSE. So I just, you know, snap that on the board there but or nip it in the bud, you know, there's different just different online help you in relation to nutrition. It's not going to be a web of oh my God. You're so much out there. What will I do? Do what suits you? Yeah, dude, what's your job and stuff? We do what suits your lifestyle try and cut out the bad stuff. Art, were you who you're saying about people you don't that you might be talking to in there might be having a tough day and they'll say that you know, I can't do this can't do that when you are having a particularly anxious day. And I know you have your your training schedules of how hard is it to get out there. Can you repeat the question? I was drinking Waters. All right, particularly anxious day how hard is it to train train and then nutrition? Yeah. Well not just training because you have to go to Dublin. It's get on the bus you do that, you know when you're going up there. On a Sunday. Yeah, so some days I train and Dublin choose oysters days and Fridays. I trained in the AIT gym and it's just across the street from work. So and I'm a stubborn little woman. I have a competition coming up and the ab Series in May 5th and apps powerlifting and Joplin so I need to get stuff done. I need to get out the door. If I'm having a bad day suck it up go to the gym get the train and done get in and get out. My headphones are there listen to the music that will calm me down. There are times of might be A little bit jittery hmm the cookie the enhancement of caffeine boys. I just get the work done because I'm naturally competitive with myself. Yeah, your mindset and the mindset. I think I take after my dad as well because he he's highly competitive as well and his Sports and become and collectively so I think I've utilized that type of mannerisms as well in relation to how I decipher how I'm feeling and train it. My dad always says get in and get it done get the train and don't you know? Look it up. Someone else is going to be always going to be better than you get in and get the training on I yeah, I talked to Martin ever. That was yeah that was in CrossFit the time and it's like looking at videos lifting these weights and I was like, well should be able to lift and it's that's not it that's not the way to go. Nobody can lift weight its progression progression. It takes time. It's like but it's like what eating, you know, you know, you know, I know like Martin was saying, you know the different plans and he was doing for you know, the I think was like six weeks eight weeks six weeks and obviously happen people along the way. It's a marathon not a Sprint. It takes time. It takes a body a time to adapt people might lose pounds and pounds on a few kgs initially. Obviously a lot of that is water weight. And then after that it's body fat, so that's why it's always good obviously, you know to get the measurements and are called by the scales because that's what EFT me up. Yeah the scales years ago doing well with this call their Farms are not going to be coming out. I'm so trying hurts you doing what I've got this question. I'm going to go around about way. Oh Lord have mercy, okay. So when I That in Jiu-Jitsu it you know after a few months have been he's like, yeah, you're going to compete are gonna compete because other people were obviously can be so I was like absolutely not it's the worst thing that could I could possibly do and obviously there was something inside me that went by that to do not like I should really do it. That's the wrong way to go about it. I know now what I was thinking about it, so I asked David who is a these are brown belt in infusion auntie. I said to him. I'm just not like I'm so anxious about things in general the idea of competing. On top of that be awful right question though. Yes right back at you. But is that the pressure you put on yourself? Yeah, and you're comparing yourself to everybody else. Yeah, how you see how good they are. But how many years are the I thought - yeah, you're only you know, you know, there's definitely a sensitive yet does there's a sense of like lads who started the same time me they were going competing and everything was excitement and stuff and you know, but David said to me if you're not comfortable on the mat in that, you know foot by I like basketball arena where ever it is you shouldn't be there like and all of a sudden it was too. I was like, thank you because he was these that the lake the highest level in our gym now, here's where the question comes around to see this. Okay. Throw it at me. Look at your throat hurt. Its she's don't try your notebook he in when you can be you can be to twice in powerlifting. Sorry. Um, The Morini Mac. I'm a few competitions I'd say about five. So I'm going to say how when you have anxiety do you turn because your don't you don't like crowds you've told me before I'm the same because I don't like them. I don't like you're nervous. You're nervous or anxious in crowds situation. Yeah. There's a lot of people. I saw you told me and I think I saw some of the there's like a rock band there. Yeah Flint this person eating fire is a cool girl. She's a fire breather man. That's not like the ABS powerlifting. I'm serious. They don't have time at the ABS or sorry the ipf complex, which is what I would do and maybe later in the year because I want to qualify for Nationals. Okay, and which is I want to eventually go on to the Irish team. You don't just get a given to you put the hair graft. Are you get the work done and if you get your totals and like a highways percentage for all your life. Yeah, then you get onto the team. You don't just get it. So the fire-breathing and the rock band everything does yeah like your Toms a lot of stuff going on? Yeah. How did you how does your anxiety how do you do I should have been in a band man because I love it. I love it. I dunno what the rock band Genova their their their Brilliance. Okay, and then the fire eater. I can't remember her name, but it's quite warm. Imagine. Jace is quite Warrior, but between that and your over overheating with the Gigi I suppose with your question, how do I control him? So eating that you know what I normally perform best there was a time in my old pirate of the club where I looked up to this club that I'm now part of and I thought that I'm never going to be as good as those and I was always thinking I'm never going to be as good as these athletes and and then - you saw overcome me a competitions. I've never bomb out which bombing Out means, you know, you do your left and you eat you failed to attempt to do it. I didn't really progress. This is the best I wanted so I just found with the Clubman now, I'm using the weights the plates I'm using the environment that the competition is at. So I suppose it's a familiar Irish, you know, I'm familiar with the territory that helps me know what environment I'm coming into. So in relation to the anxiety everyone gets anxious, even the best even some of the lads in the club that I'm part of even some of the women, you know, did you have the nerves but nerves can be a good thing? Yeah, you know, you know, I'm for me I II I can compete well under pressure. Okay, and I love it. It's no showcasing my hard work. It's just like a my coach dad says to me before I go into the platform and it's just another it's just another lift as you do in the gym that just calms me. Yeah II don't grind prancing around the place like a big, you know peacock or something like that. Like I'm the bee's knees going around here. Everyone is just as good as everybody else, you know. Yeah, and so I just I just use that I absorb the energy and the crowds amazing. Everyone's there to support you do not have to get you. That's great. That's that's how I just know the environment. I know the people and it's just class and the just the rock band just helps it even more II must have been a rock chick in a past life man diagram this life. Well, I it's not that I can't it's just going to take time. I cannot sing I'd say I'd be the biggest I'd say my fanbase will be wailing cat is I'd say and I asked you to because you did say this support in the crowd, which is huge and I guess S for you, I'm not putting words in my obviously know you being on stage is better than you being in a crowd looking at up in the stage. You know, it's weird. Hmm. They're looking at me. Whereas sometimes I'm not a competition. I'm around an environment and I just think it's just being in in with everyone I should feel more comfortable. Yeah. Whereas looking at me performing my lifts. It should affect me. But no, it doesn't like when I'm in the crowds. Yeah, I'm around different people if people are looking at me or what if I'm this way. That way a field or Georgia me, you know and stuff because of oh, I should look a particular way because I should because society says this and that it's just just just me being stupid. I don't like it to be true. But I think it's you being you know, just being you like yeah fine. Oh, what if there's chocolate on my face or a bit of Americano spilt and stained on me, you know just stupid to not do that when you leave the door. I did every time I leave the house. Yeah, when one of them drink whatever and drinking coffee in the venue, man, that's fair. And do you think there's a difference then in the crowd? Who go and watch the power lifting to the crowd the gonna watch Ali building? Definitely really absolutely the difference is you're there to lift a weight. You don't lift it hard lock do it again. There's support mechanisms there where I'm in a crowd watching, you know the or BBF and Limerick, you know at that my opinion is I will be there watching someone do their their routine in relation to if you have a routine it would be how you do your tea. Walk in the Bikini, which I used to do. How are you Our stances you have to do when you come on to the rules and regulations what the judges are looking for, you know from your hair your makeup your tan how you look then you have the extra judges who were people like me or you were in the Crowd Oh, I don't think that he should have got this place always little bit here. He should do bit more work this and that and you have that and you can hear them in the crowd. You wouldn't hear that when you're on the stage because you have the UL, you know Concert Hall lights beam in your face and you have to you know, No, just feel that you know everne support and you but when you're out in the crowd, you're jojen as well as the judges and I think with that and then the social media and all these trolls affected me. That's where the anxiety just engulfed into overdrive and I had a thing called adrenal fatigue where every stressor affect me and oh, it's horrible experience. Yeah, it's horrible. I do. I obviously I always saw the kind of body building world is as because like you say you're going on. And it's complete judgment. What is yeah when you have a weight in your hand, it's up to you. Like it's up to you. You've done the training. You've done the graft your coach. If you're online cultures it coached by someone if you don't live in Dublin or whatever, you're being online coach by your coach. It's up to you put the Graft in they put the plan in place. I do the nutrition myself because I've done it from the bodybuilding days. I'm not a nutritionist like Josh you had on the last day of an exercise nutrition advisor. I've done that so I can give advice as the relation to the content of your carbs. Proteins and fats of what you should be eating relation to your sport and for me, obviously, I need a higher percentage of carbs. Obviously, I need protein whatever email because I need to keep the muscles, you know fueled and I need to you know, rejuvenate everything after training course and obviously supplementation as well like BCAAs and you know, creating and different things like that and these help but recovery and also help up strength and suppose all these factors are Helpful for that the power of them. What do you what do you you're competing in me? Did you say no actually I'm competing in April 5th Symphony and a couple of weeks out in abs. Are you you are you driven by like competition our as a just by the love of the sport resolver. The sport is not because oh this way class that this left. I want to beat up. Obviously. I have my little, you know Idols that I idolized in my club like, you know, yeah, there's some serious athletes in my club great application admiration. So, you know, they don't think we're We're watching we're watching what they're doing and they're helping us be motivated as well. Am I on my own my own motivation? You know, I like it takes willpower and motivation to get you to the gym. What works what makes me go after a 12-hour shift and work. Yeah because I want to do well. Yeah, I want to place. Well, that's the competitiveness in me. You know, it's not just you know to you know, obviously it's a feel good as well. Mentally. I find it over a stressful day and work I go to the gym, you know, the happy hormone is released. I feel amazing. I'm bosom when I go home. Yeah, you're not really talking. Obviously we've spoken a lot about anxiety and uh-huh. It's something I want to ask and I missed I missed the question. Do you have you ever thought about taking medication for it? Has it ever been a thing in your head? No, I never wanted that's my choice is everyone has their own choice? I am II obviously I have cystic acne. Yeah, and that progressed after bodybuilding cause I just I just messed up my hormones and so just came back like I'm a teenager again. So the doctor has prescribed me. The anti-malarial drugs for my acne and I didn't react too well to it. I gained about 10 kgs, and he said that's impossible and I said well obviously everyone adapts to medication differently. It's a steroid at the end of day and so I just didn't really believe in medically inducing myself with you know, different medication and so I came off that and I just stood holistic approach and in like we're Joshua saying the last day it's all about your nutrition and It can affect your mental health and I just found that cutting meat out of my eating and eating, you know, fish and plant based products and I have I you know of IBS as well, so I gluten-free stuff not because of the bandwagon of you know, just eating gluten free products, you know, I'm not promoting anything like that now, but it's just I'm mentally feel better when I don't eat me screaming mies takes a lot more to digest a lot more in the digestive system to you. You use up to break down the food and fish doesn't take as much and I find mentally I don't have brain fog don't feel tired and sluggish and I've always been ready relatively clean and eating so wasn't because sluggish from eating, you know, sugary kind of foods really bad carbs. It's just because my body didn't really know respond. Well, I didn't feel great from eating meat my choice. Obviously. I'm missing out on a lot of nutrients so I do take creatine. And switch you get from your red meat, you know, I take protein from you know, plant-based protein as well because there's only a certain amount of plant based stuff. You can have to enhance that obviously different people can disagree with me yesterday plenty. Yeah, but in plant-based products are our carbs as well. I need to have my carbs particular Graham dosage for my training. I have my carbs from saying my sweet potatoes or brown rice or basmati rice, which is a quick car by can have that after training so my butt goes shuttles into the bloodstream quicker. After training, you know brown rice pre-training slower release case me few longer for training Kasich lights change or stop topped up. So I found for me just having my my nutrition more kind of fine-tune like that. I perform better. So at this stage, I have an idea of how my body reacts and it's by primarily eaten fish. Okay. See you at the time you are now you're happy enough with dealing with anxiety your own way. Yeah, and that's yeah that's Like I just changed my nutritional, you know aspect of things. I just couldn't read me. I worked in the state's my mom lives in North Carolina and I worked in a place called juice Vibes check them out on Instagram and I was challenged by my major mind there to go just 30 days just go. She's like look at I'm vegan. It's going to be quite difficult. So just go just cut out red meat could out maybe could have told me just eat fish. I felt great I said, you know what it's going to cut it out and I felt amazing and that's 2015. I haven't looked back since Times I look at a nice dirty Jew cbourgin makes she said what my tackling that looks good looks gorgeous. I know like I know you have we've obviously touched on about anxiety Then if you are particularly anxious other people your call on is it is a you happy too. I know you said earlier on that. You haven't talked a lot about it now because not many people know. Yeah because I have this perception that people think oh, this is easy as she did the bodybuilding and she did the power lifting but it's how I think everyone thinks I am or she's quiet. She has the rest. The rest of it faces one is my friend said I curse word. Sorry, but but but I it's in my point of view. I don't go around with this big smile on my face. Like I said, oh, wow. Look at me coming down the street. Look at me my big smile. Like I just I don't know. I just it's just not me. I just going to grind with a grumpy face. I'm not a grumpy woman at all. It just takes a lot to push my buttons, even though I'm a redhead. Yeah, but then it's like, you know, not every I suppose this is braver for you, too. Come on than most people because you haven't talked about it yet. I suppose a therapy in a way actually and feeling great talkin about you ever consider being a counselor Turk. That's the next day this your calling. I'm going to counsel people on the bunk. I know it's great. But I think it's really I do think it's honestly Brave and I knew that I knew that um, you know, like you'd spoken to me about it. Maybe it's easier to speak to me because I understand. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. That's that's it. I know I've talked about it before and You know if it's just brings out conversations with other people that you're comfortable with like that, that'd be good for you. Like it's cool. All I smell is it is yeah because a lot I don't in my head. I just don't want to come across as vulnerable. I don't want to come across as vulnerable. But then I look like I'm someone that can be broken down more. Okay. That's my point of view. I'm uh, I'm already broken we all are we are but I have to ask about this. Oh God. I don't know because this she Zetas, where am I? Fusion hoodie right? Because it's pretty cold in this house. Your house is polished. I know but I forgot nearly about the tattoos because you were covering it. Oh man. Yeah how important their tattoos how important are they alright to me or you yeah as your own kind of as your image or whatever way you want to you know, but I suppose I don't get tattoos because they're cool. Yeah in right now like when I'm like 90, but like why did I do that? I just love body ours. I love expressing myself true music to tattoo. Choose I just love it. Like when I was in secondary school and our lady's Bower I loved our it was quite good at life drawing good and not as good as I abstract stuff. I loved body art. I'm intrigued by it. You know, it's just like, I don't know. It's just the kind of a sense of kind of relief as well. I get tattoos. I love it. Yeah kind of one of those weirdos it like Spain. That's all right. Yeah. I don't know what many people do it. Now don't have that door. I think that the the side of you I smile. It's part of you like the tattoo the image of it suits me. Yeah. Yeah, and I think I was born with tattoos does every does every tattoo of a meaning or is it because you liked certain drawing or and I suppose the one of my right arm, which is like a samurai female and it has a female face and it has a samurai sword around like kind of the so I suppose if you were right you're going to upload a picture. So yeah, it's a bit weird. I described that. So Hayes Hayes tattooed. The he's the Polish guy go to an art little at loan just down by the Dark Horse. He's brilliant and he did this piece that I wanted and was basically to represent me. I know I'm not Asian, but I was just I just loved just the representation of like a samurai samurai with you know, her Sensei teach in her and just basically, you know, representing strategy strong female, you know, I just feel stronger now and I thank ABS powerlifting for that as well as just you know, what of just such a great A support mechanism like, you know not allow them know only a very very few and they're like one or two that the girls would know but I just find the environment it says, you know, we have the laughs. Yeah, you know ask ricrac for talk to me about your latest a to my latest because it is classic which one you know, the one you got your tight at the one in this like yeah, he was pretending to work the other day. I won the last leg. So how's your touch so going this is like what you on about your tattoo and your leg like Oh, the one of my legs ache yesterday like dominatrix one. I'm like damn boy. No, it's not a dominatrix. What now? Yeah. So basically Magda there she's a piercer. She's Apprentice tattooist and I had this really cool idea and she's learning at the moment and she's brilliant. And so basically it's a it's a harsh an outline of a hardened inside is but it's a female's Terrier with suspenders and handcuffs. I just thought it was a class idea for me, you know, and I suppose when I told my mom about Bowser's I think my dad knows he probably wouldn't know of anybody tells us a podcast but it should be Mormon North Carolina like had me loudspeaker and my stepdad trip and they're like, why did you get that on your leg? Like, you know like it's something I'm man this drove me mad. I something I'm Manuel get on and he's body a female's Terrier or I have a female on my right arm and I have a dead girl on my basically my left arm as you know, I am straight. I don't fear that way. I have friends over that way. I'm all for it. You know, I mean Support of my friends. My mom went on for ages about as you know, why did you get that on your leg? You know, it's like they're talking about it for ages. I said, I just thought it was a class. Yeah. I just think it's cool and comfortable in my skin and I can get whatever the fuck you want my body. So I change the subject. What's the weather like North Carolina? It's one of those ones though because it's different. It's different. Yeah, it's out there. I like this. I like that who wants to be the same as everybody else for sure. Yeah. That's my opinion. I like to be different so I would say I'm I've no problem with Tattoos summer class some of them are dire as well. And of course, yeah. No, the only time the only thing I love enough to put on on would be the Beatles for our seal of The Beatles. Yeah our Joaquin Phoenix on my back just a massive full face or Joaquin Phoenix of him like as actor or you know, it seems after him in characters. That is that just whacking just having dinner. He's amazing and I will Dragon Tachi, what's up? Yeah. It was actually really she was really good and very excellent. Yeah, please try both. Yeah. Good luck. Is it a bitch eyebrows? Yeah, or shaved can't remember need to wash out again. Yeah, you let sit no. Yeah, you're right. So yeah, and but yeah, so for a I don't know if it's the pain element because it's very hard to experience a certain type of pain if you've never felt before ye basically, it's like somebody do in Chinese burn for a couple of hours, but it's not it's no problem to you know, you don't know I sometimes it's that there's are different sensitive area. Is that they say like to have a map of the red spots on the body like the inner arm the calf. Do you know different parts of the body that are harder than just a stubborn woman? And where's the sword is practicing for you? So as per for me was in the bicep that was horrible incident into the the creased part of the elbow. Oh inner part of the elbow. I found the horrible absolutely nasty because it's just just because it's so I'm not I'm not shredders. I'm just I'm not not a lot of body fat there and I've just feel everything. Okay, you know, but it's easier for the touch. Such a to you though when there's not as much body fat there. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's just easier from the stretch the skin and just you know, you know and tattoo the lines and stuff I can imagine actually just thinking yeah it is. Yeah, it's a tender area but just just soak it up after I get it done. It's fine. It's just until they meet somebody in a single wealthy to have a teenager is how you do it. And for some reason they just tend to hit their I got tattoo just like they know they know they know what you're right. No, they watched but AB, is there any question you want to ask me you don't have to it's better if you don't think it's I think it's a deserving to Throw them like back in your corner and you're like, oh no what she's gonna do. So do you find the podcasts in a way therapeutic for getting out there? But mental health you find it like a therapy session without going to counseling. Yeah, actually do actually that's a deadly question. I won't go to into detail about I was chatting to someone yesterday and training. Yeah in the office and they were telling me that this story and I was like, she's coming up she's going to come on like butter so I won't talk about the story, but it was Unbelievable, but just chatting to someone who was so comfortable coming to me. I mean there was like we were talking for 45 minutes in the office. She was so comfortable come to me and it's do with it like at the head the birth of her first child and what happened around it. She didn't go to details of the bird-like was just it was she went into what went after it was just kind of yeah, it's meant like that. So she spoke about it in length like and I was sitting at the time kind of go on. I was I was amazed that someone who I didn't know what Come to me and talk about this stuff, but it would but the funny thing is what you Derek. I know I worked in Golden Disc and stuff. And yeah, you popped in there and I was there, uh at all the costumes and stuff. You just seem like a person that people would feel comfortable talking to you kind of have that Persona and I suppose and in that sense, you know, she felt she could open up to you and like my point of view as well. I felt comfortable enough. Obviously. I wanted to meet up for a few coffee sessions to feel comfortable to come on to the podcast. So you have that energy in a non hippie way perception of comfortableness in Talking to you. So I think you know coming on to the podcast it. Yeah, it is quite nerve-wracking and I'm like right up to your eyeballs talking to yourself as you can hear the feedback. So she felt comfortable talking to you like Yeah, and I don't like I've spoken to people a couple of people have messaged me and to me that that's I think the Tara beauty thing is the fact that people are coming backwards. So that was the whole point. Yeah, you're getting you're getting positive. Yeah at some stage you might obviously like like it is in society you'll have Um- sure we have that you just you know, nip it in the bud get on with it. Well, what I'll do is I'll set John on them and I'll just I know better woman. Where are the as I go out. I'm not I don't, you know, I'm not for violence at all. So just not only concern she had about and she said look if someone you know, some people might become an action stuff and I said look, they are trolling a mental health podcast how sad would that be? Because they have nothing better to do with their lives because they're sitting there. they're with their greasy food well that's my perception they could be a complete nerd like you were me a troll can come in come in and many shapes or forms but they've nothing better yes to do this true L like that yeah like to answer the question obviously straightforwardly would be S like it's been great like I've shared my story but in love and having people talk about themselves like you're meeting different people yeah different personas different perspectives of how they deal with different mental health aspects and of course you're going to have different variations along the way which is a good you know variation for people to add you know what I feel the same it might help people to come forth it go seeking help and talking so you know it's definitely going to reach out to a lot of people and I'm it's a good application for you know making people more aware of obviously it's a podcast about mental health yeah and you know if I could help somebody it's going to help loads and it'll help me in the sense of you know you're talking about how you do with your 80 on personal do another way and might give me a little bit of a you know, I might say well I'm having a bad day. Maybe I can try doing it sees as way or kindly toes way. Yeah, it's Kelly tell you Carlito's Way, but it's just that thing of I'm learning from other people like nutrition and you know, what discipline from you and you know, it's great the big thing. I know I'm a friend and you want to get on with the podcast. You're like, you're like a director Courtney just no I didn't say that he didn't but but definitely I totally agree with like, you know American and Josh's listen to our podcast nutrition is a big factor the microbiome, you know, it's it's a second brain the digestion system. So definitely look into it look into it just it the chemicals like that. There's the bad food selfless. Shoot the bad for not rule it though not going to ruin his did I ruin it? No, he didn't say it. I'm like don't go so well because it would be least 20 year-old Lisa does. but definitely the microbiome you have your you have that fine to nutritionally I need your clean food clean food is in you know stuff that's not produced from are you know to mean stuff that is close to the Earth as possible and it can it can it can help reduce reduce the inflammation in the body like you know the bad stuff that goes around there so I'm a I'm a big believer that nutrition affects mental health and there is Big stories are like Joshua saying yeah I'm gonna have to and other people who are listen I'm going to have to stay tuned and I'll because I can't listen to this every week and then not do something about it you know I don't you set up a challenge for yourself well this is what words mean Josh talking with his mighty the deities on and see how we get on with it I would never say a diet but I say just to clean up your eating yeah maybe I do makes it like sound restrictor be quite safe plan or something you know that the might that the master the master we get we get together on that mean just inserted I don't see how we get on listen Zita thanks very much for coming on no problem is deadly did really waffle that much Brilliance or three coffees didn't make me go outside it's incredible because of three coffees that I would not be at this podcast by three custody if you climbing the walls yeah that's like the corner thank you very much actually I've learned a lot and it's been great I want to thank also my partner Josh he is our or just John I'm getting I'm so glad you having a relationship his wife doesn't know with John and Josh oh no no thanks to thanks to John in particular because he's doing all the hard work behind the scenes and as always thanks to Jeremy mom my father I'm a grandfather and follow us on our YouTube channel subscribe to that if you would follow us on Facebook Twitter and Instagram I don't need to tell you the tags every time you'll find us just go to the weekly weekly and we're also on Spotify Apple Pub being breaker yeah overcast we Fucking cast Google podcasts and radio public I can't get away from like, I don't know. We just had to be so they say anchor no sorry anchors. Well, that's that's an important one. Never heard that one. Yeah, that's anchor actually to anybody who's doing a podcast. Anchor is you send your John sent our podcast has to be approved. It's approved but then they send it to everyone else so we don't have to put send it to like Spotify. I do all the Dirty Work class is really good. Actually hold on which work John is actually doing I don't know you may get him on the podcast. Listen, thank you very much to these again and to everybody for listening and we'll talk to you next week. Take care.