Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah you pee is like a short album. Okay good, right. It's a teepee. So that's dropping everywhere. You can find it on iTunes YouTube. Thanks again guys for the song. We love it. We love the band and we're very honored to have it as our theme song. So Denise, do you want to talk to you a little bit about why we've started the podcast? Yes. Okay. So Kayla and I are both single females in our 30s in Victoria and we have both come to the realization that the dating scene in Victoria at least for us. Anyways is fucking dogshit. It's I was going to say Poor that's potato potahto. Yeah, it's it's been shit. I I've been single for about five years or so over five years, but I've been going on dates in that time. Mostly tender days Denise you've been single for like a year and a half and same thing right lots of online dating the occasional and person dating probably while definitely more online for me. Not for me, right? Yeah we Have different dating Styles, I guess that is a good point to bring up. Actually, we do have a lot of well Betty and Veronica tendencies that is enough. I prefer online dating now, I think because I like to well I shouldn't say I prefer it. I like to be able to Google somebody before I go on a date with him. Yeah, you are super into creeping on people. No not super I used to be I would say more Super but now Don't want to waste my time and I feel like if I can find something that's going to be a huge deterrent right off like someone is married like someone is oh we can talk about that different episode. But yeah, that's an important thing to know about somebody but yeah, so I before I lived in Victoria I lived in and I'm Oh and before that I lived in Alberta and maybe I was younger or maybe it was just kind of a different dating culture. I mean there was still online dating them, but I found it. Easier like Victoria's definitely the hardest place to date in I would say I don't know man, I guess for me like University was University and that just that just is you just fucking fall on top of people. I guess literally and figuratively it depends on the program though, like in those people around right, right. Yeah, you don't have to go searching out but there's also depression around like the Freshman 15 How's it going? Basis you get but everyone's like doughy and sad and so different. Yeah, so I did that and then I lived in Chilliwack for a couple years and did not date anyone the entire time. Right and we live there for how long I live there for two years. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I did. It was like fuck Chilliwack. We can Badger I sell I did not touch a single man the entire two fucking years I was there. It's really great. No, it wasn't a shitty terrible. I okay. That's how I feel in Victoria actually like I guess I mean, I guess I touch people yeah. But I've heard the same sentiment echoed by other women in Victoria and then people will say like, oh, it's chick Toria or like the you know, the men out either the women are like that too. There's like way more women than men here. And because I'm this type of person I actually looked up the last sentences for the gender demographics and it's not not that bad like I've heard people All saying there's like a three to one Ratio or some ridiculous bullshit. I've heard that too. Yeah, but according to the 2016 census in Victoria from the ages of 15 to 64. There are 20 8990 men and thirty thousand eight hundred twenty women. So that's fairly close. Yeah, that's really not. I don't think significant enough to make that big of a dent. No, I should not be as hard as I am with those kind of things but it seems like Okay, and I've seen this term thrown around in dating like blogs and then little YouTube clips and whatever there's a scarcity mentality. So people think like, oh do I need to date this person because there isn't anybody else but then there's also the complete opposite of that Warrior on an online dating app and there's so much choice that it's like I can't make a choice like is that what's happening that I've know everyone is so non-committal. Because the next person just a swipe away. Yeah ugly like The Grass Is Always Greener. So I don't want any grass. There's so many options. You're just fucking crippled by apathy, right? Exactly. But yeah, and so apathy actually that's a really good term because I have certainly noticed lately like When I I used to when I was younger when I would get ready for a date or something, it was really exciting and like the first few online dates. I went on were really spread out and they were like a big deal and we would talk for so long not so long but, you know, maybe a couple of weeks first and I would have this like picture of them in my head about what they would be like it would get built up exactly and it would seem like a romantic thing whereas now and we're different about this too. I I want to chat with somebody. Very much before I meet them. Where as you kind of do right? I do I don't want like if I just met you and I don't know if you're cool or not. I don't want to devote an entire evening and fucking have a goddamn shower and go ahead and meet you and you might be fucking lame see, you know, I think I don't want to devote all of my texting energy and talk to you for weeks when you know, you might be great over text and then I meet you in person and you have Bo or you lied and your A different person or you're you know, whatever it is where we just don't click maybe we're great over text we meet in person is disappointing and then I'm like well shit now I've invested all this time. Whereas okay, but I also would prefer to go on a short date now is the other thing right for a first date. That's something anyway. Yeah, so you do you have any first date stories with your cousin? I don't think I had my actual first like date date until I was in university. Oh wait and we should say you're from Newfoundland. Yeah. I'm from a rural town in Newfoundland how rural I don't know you gotta drive like Two hours to get to the next town. Okay, so it's really really small and I don't know where my graduating class in high school had 20 people shit. Yeah, so you didn't have a large dating pool. No. No. No, you took what you could get is that's who was there do people? Okay. Did anyone from your grad class get married? I'm pretty sure I'll ever married except for me, you know like to each other. Oh sure wait, maybe. That's horrifying in a dating pool. That's all. I don't think I'm not sure of any two people from people from like high school with not sure if there's two people in the class. They got married, right? Okay. So we were talking about the differences between the way that we tend to meet guys. How do you meet guys then I get drunk and go to the bar and that's like your best way. It's not my best way that's like historically that has Ben what I have utilize in most but like I don't it's like what this is how it happens man? Okay, because I have a not very good time meeting guys in person unless I do like I don't know like some kind of activity for a long time with them like if I have a class with them or if I did like when I used to do plays I would meet people because then you're with them enough to get to know them and then it's appropriate to be like we're doing a group activity. You know what I mean? Like there's like a reason, okay. Do I think in terms of dating you're talking about like actually dating and totally hooking up? Oh, okay. No. Okay. Well I'm talking about how do you meet a man? from zero to something the hooking up dating whatever. How do you initiate that moment like dude if I knew I wouldn't be doing the show. Okay, exactly, right? So that's why online dating. So that's why when you have all the success offline, it blows my mind and success. But I guess the thing with online dating is that it's structured in such a way that like this is what we are all very explicit in. This is what we are here for right if anything in person people are out at places for Morris different reasons and so then you have to try and divine who's like available who's looking who you know, what people are looking for, right? Sure. But okay. I have this Theory though because my headlight burnt out in my car recently and I'm really cheap and I didn't want to pay someone to do it. So I Googled it and it actually seemed like a really easy fix so into Canadian Tire and I bought the ball and then I thought like well fuck I mean it will just change it while I'm in the parking lot because then if I got the like wrong Bob or whatever I can just go back in so I had my heard up and then I was looking, you know at Google and trying to figure out how to do it and not one not two but three I'm going to say three point five two point five. Okay, because three three men offered to help me like walking up to me and one guy was in his truck and he was like who Do you need help? So that's the .50 it just he wasn't a little drive-by. He wasn't interested, but I actually really didn't need help. I mean, I didn't know what I was doing and I'm sure that they knew right away what they were doing maybe maybe but still like I guess that's a way of meeting people is that you get them to teach you something but you have to ask stupid. Well, no, but that's the thing right because It's so gross when somebody asks stupid like you have to you have to genuinely learn something and so we have to find something to be taught that we really don't know. See my question is so you were trying to figure this as you went along sir. So, I'm sure to passersby you were clearly someone who wasn't a Deft hand at this. However, if you are someone who knew a shit ton about cars and you were like going about your business getting her done just in the parking lot doing it would people Have come up and offered to help because you're a woman I think so, of course totally. Plus I have rape face, which we'll talk about a different time. But I live I'll always kind of look when I'm concentrating. I look a little helpless and lost and actually people offered to help me all the time with stuff that I don't need help with it's true though. It's a difference rape face versus bitch face. It's a difference between us I think so and people often will interrupt me if I'm going for a walk or something. I mean part of that is having a dog, but yeah, I my face gets me into a lot of trouble when people make all kinds of Comments to you when you're out and I never get that yes, but except for when you're with me. Yeah, and then people say really weird shit to us. It's happened a lot. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, so that's my theory now. So I need to find something. I can't I think you have to want to know about it too. I don't really know what I like. I don't really care about cars. I don't really want that to be a thing men teach me so okay. So how could or would you parlay this into? To meeting someone that you actually might want to spend some time with I'm going to continue to go to Canadian Tire parking lot with different problems and expensive like some money because our locker room with the shovel. Yeah. I mean I guess so but okay and you're really you're very intelligent woman and people know that and you're not shy about that. And do you think that that's something that has caused you saying grief, but Do you think it's off-putting to men when you're smarter than them? I guess it depends on the man. But I yeah, I don't know I think a hundred percent it is. Yeah it is. I'm trying to be diplomatic but ya know guys if that's the way you need to just you need to hold it all in like if you're on a date with someone and you think they're really cute. Could you do that? No. Can't you fucking smug? Hmm? Like there's nothing I enjoy in this world more than being right? Like if ya like if it became like never have sex again or always be wrong or oh, yeah, whatever like I have sex and be wrong or like be celibate and be right. I know it would pick really oh, that's really I guess. Okay, I do get that. Okay, so on that note Everybody has that everybody has their pride in their ego and whatever but actually no, I think I agree with you. I would be hard to hold it in if you truly knew a fact and then someone was trying to teach you something stupid. Yeah, that would be really hard to sit through. Everybody thinks they're right. Are you seeing anybody now? A little bit. Okay. Yeah, there's someone that I've been out with the few times that I met at a show a couple of weeks ago. Okay. Are you you're still seeing him now? Yeah, we're supposed to hang out tomorrow. Okay, do we get to know anything fun about him? How old he is? I write I forget we're gonna call him. Oh shit. So I guess Gillian. I've previously decided that for obvious reasons. We're not going to use any ones real names here. So we're trying to come up with things to call all of these men that we will be talking about which okay to be fair though in our friendship before we ever thought about doing a podcast that happened really organically. We just it's just fun or to talk about this nicknames person. It's something that I've always done because just looking back and all this stuff like the first person. Yeah, I was a recently been making a list of everyone ever bang just you know fucking podcast of research. Anyway, so like the fourth game is named old man Breezeway. Yeah. So this is something I've been doing for a very long time. Oh man Breezeway because the campus bar at mun we went to University was called the Breezeway and he was some who work there. And at the time I was 22 and he was at the ripe old age of 28. So that's why he was old man breezeway. It's cute. Yeah, it was yeah, so this guy looking friend zone that's his name, right? Okay. So why did we call him friend zone? We called him friend zone because he and I hung out a few times and then I thought he was ghosting me, right which okay, I kind of You thought yeah, you agreed I do. Yeah, I do agree. Yeah, I think I've been ghosted enough times that I recognize the signs the fadeaway. Yeah, right. Yeah, like it's this thing that happens so much and like maybe I'm just like like hypersensitive about this now and I'm super paranoid. Yeah. I thought I was totally getting ghosted. No, I don't think you're paranoid though, because I think that's part of it. It's just true. It's just what happens right and they want to like, I don't know if it's there until Well, maybe it is they want to like psychologically damaged you enough to be like always questioning yourself and being like who am I being too clean? Am I being too needy like by needing this person to acknowledge that I'm alive like no you're allowed to you deserve basic respect from people and then when you start to feel like you're not getting it it's this weird thing of being like do I call it out and be like, hey, I have noticed that you are totally treating me differently than you were before anyway, and that's the thing. You always look for like a Change in Behavior will be exactly but I guess in this particular case. I didn't know that long that see he's just he's a shitty returning text. I guess that's right point, but he sent you a text anyway, so I thought I was getting ghosted. So I sent him a text and I'm like essentially are you ghosting me and which I don't think you get wet, but that's okay Kayla's theories that no ghosts or whatever admit to ghosting you nobody ever admits to their bad behavior that I got me, I would go. Yeah, yeah, stop it. Now now I like you guys texted me back and he's like no, I'm not ghosting you I'm friends owning you and then he said something else that I showed to Kaylee and she's like dude. He just friendzoned you this is basically like I'm not ghosting you I want to be near you a little bit but in a friend capacity, right? This is not I'm paraphrasing that is not how that went. But essentially I don't think that I didn't think it was getting friend-zoned until fucking numb nuts here now. He actually he explicitly said we should be friends first take it slow start with friendship or something any wherever friends let's start with friends and family to friends and then continue to be friends and be friends. That's what he said. Okay. And so then I made some crack about that and he's like no no, Friends only. Yeah, which Cayley was fucking wrong? No, I'm not again. That is the takeaway. Nobody would ever be like, oh no, I I'm not friends on you. And then you're like your friends on TV and he's like, yeah, it's the same thing as the gusting. No, I won't tell sometimes friends owning them. Yeah. Well, I don't okay. What's the cats out of the bag? There's no point in lying. Although okay, I maintain that position maintained. Sorry that position until you said then he texted you and he wanted to hang out again. And I don't I just I just don't understand. I don't understand maybe he's actually very genuine about that. I don't believe him. Okay, and that's that is the thing that like made me like that took it from and he's definitely ghosting me to is he because he just seems like a really like forthright and genuine and honest and upfront person. So like a friend I gave him the benefit of the doubt. Like a friend like you do with all of your being. Yeah, and maybe he's really I actually really hope to meet this young man. I have some questions for him. Well, maybe he wants to be my friend. Yeah, you know, oh, well, I still think that's Okay, you're in a better position now than I'm in which is because I have nothing like we were talking the other day about do you always have somebody who's like available to text? Yeah, like do you always have someone on the radar or in no, no. Well. Yeah, there's generally always someone on the radar someone that I have my eye on but not necessarily I'm currently in talks with Sure, but there's always somebody. I want to say on the back burner. That's not the right word. There's always something percolating. Yeah, maybe yeah, even if it's just an interest or whatever, but I feel like I have no interest in anyone right now and it's really weird and kind of a bummer. So I downloaded Bumble again recently and if anyone or for those of you haven't used bumble bumble is like Tinder essentially except for its supposed to be the feminist dating a Up Denis Hayes it I don't like Tinder but I don't like Bumble. Yeah, I think it's it has its ups and downs the problem is so it's just like Tinder where you swiping you match with somebody based on their pictures and their profile but on Bumble the woman has to initiate the conversation which in theory is a good idea because I guess when dating apps were new like women will get inundated with like these Hundreds of messages from every fucking creep on earth, right and so Bumble, let's the women issue in initiate. So she doesn't have to talk to anyone. She doesn't want to talk to which I guess is good for people that are like young and hot. Yeah the old uglier that you get that is something coming in issue. Yeah. That's a really good point. Yeah, right. And the other thing about Bumble is that you only have 24 hours to initiate the conversation and you lose your badge. Stresses me out, man. It is kind of stressful too because sometimes you get a bunch of matches at once and it's like I don't I don't want to have five conversations going at one time. Yeah. It's like I'm drunk and I'm swiping and then a bunch of matches. And yeah, and then what you have to get it up for like 20 days of work at 8 a.m. The next day. Hi Steve. Hi Jeff I Ron hi Randy like it's a lot and then you're supposed to comment on something about their profile or something and make it special so they want to answer you but I can't like I just say the same thing to everyone. I'm like, hey, how's your day? And I know that stupid. Yeah. I know you never do that. But then I hate when people come out way too hot and they're like, oh well, okay Leo read your profile and I believe whatever one guy with the adult daughter. Oh my God. Yeah when time is guy sent me. I wish I'd kept this message. I don't even remember what he said, but he was like, oh hi, like what are you know, like good. How are you and then he was like I'm fine and then boom like it was like a book about his life and he was just like these are like my life values. I haven't out an adult daughter who I raised because her mother was absent below like it just and literally like all I had said was like I'm fine. Anyway, it was just really equal when it was way too much but the data like the way he was like a lot of people who are like dating have kids and like they're up front about their kids and my kid doesn't love of my life. That sounds really creepy but they keep my kid is the most important thing in the world to me, but Blah blah but like this guy is daughter was in her fucking twenties man. Like yeah, he should be out of the nest you get your own life now buddy. Yeah, it was a it was such a weird message and I just I just unmatched him like it was just three so it was too weird. It was clearly a cut-and-paste. Oh exactly. That's the other thing and he's literally tell every single fucking woman you meet with into messages of all this weird shit about your life and your divorce and oh, yeah the divorce. Yeah. It was I mean, I guess I would prefer that in the guys who were married and they're posing as not married anyway, so I downloaded Bumble again, and then I matched with this guy and he is late 20s, and his picture was really cute. He was like mid Triathlon and he was a swimmer like obviously in the picture you swimming. Okay. I was going to jump in and say you said he was cute the picture you showed me you. Not tell if he was cute because he was wearing a swim cap and goggles. Okay. He had a Rockin bod. He was a man with a face like he had okay, he had no shirt on so you could see his chest area his arms. I've seen better. I thought you had a very cute body. I've also seen much much worse. No, I think he actually no I'm gonna actually say you had a Rockin bod Chi ladies like swimmer body. I thought his face look cute in the picture. He looked And masculine features maybe had one eye and I couldn't tell but that's fine actually would be fine with them. The swimmers cap was a little bit misleading because he does have a receding hairline that it had and that's okay but to him the swim cap on all of his photos. No, but he's other photos. I think we're older and this is the thing. So, okay, so we chatted a little bit and we found out that we live pretty close together are close to each other. Other so we decided to go for coffee just in a coffee shop that was near us. So we showed up and like right away. I knew it was him, but he just looked like he was clearly in a lot better shape and all the pictures that he posted. He just see he just wasn't he wasn't as advertised. You just had a rough couple of years. Well, he just quit on Fitness like he He was just kind of he was kind of doughy and he was a student. So I mean fair enough. I guess you're sitting and studying and pursuing different goals, but it's not fair to advertise yourself as you were a few years ago. Yeah, like you can't post pictures of you at your Peak if that's not what you look like anymore. Totally. It should reflect you should reflect who you are in your profile because all you do is you piss people off when they show up and they're like, oh you lied right like anyways, so we kind of had coffee but like yeah, I just didn't really want to I don't know like I'm sure he was nice, but then I just felt like kind of lied to and I just kind of didn't really When you when you get off of that kind of foot that when you get up to around foot like that. Yeah, you feel walking you feel dizzy and disease and you feel deceived like there's not really much come back from that like your it's a wash at that point tell there's nothing you can say that's going to like own piss you off. Well, I did you hear that thing that the scariest thing about online dating for women is that they have a fear of being murdered but for men it's going out with someone. One who's fat? Yeah, you show up and she's unattractive. Yeah is the biggest fear which is funny because it's like, you know, we're all adults. You should be able to say all right, but interested and leave but you can't really well because it makes you the asshole you're saying you're not attractive enough that like you kind of come off as shallow for that, even though the other person is asshole because they've lied they set you up. It called themselves unattractive in so much as they Use the post pictures of what they actually look like because they don't think it's good enough right and people filter and people Photoshop and people use weird angles and it's like you can get away with that online. But when you see them in person they are who they are like there's no anyway, so but when is it okay to bail like if someone's nice or nice seeming or whatever how much time are they owed? Depends what you're drinking, right? Okay. So let's there are bits this. Okay. This is why I don't drink coffee. But even if I did I wouldn't be a fan of the coffee date because if you have a fucking steaming hot cup of coffee, it takes at least 20 minutes for like that to be consumable you would have for a beer I can fucking down that in 10 seconds. But okay. Yeah, that's a fair point, but you it's still Would be shitty to bounce that fast because how do you how do you even say that? Okay, I will say the amount of time someone is owed is proportional to what they are but like to have shitty they are or not. Okay, if you're a good person you're owed more time than if you're a shitty person. So if I walk in and you look totally different than all your photos if you know, yeah like Then your shady person. You're not owed much time. But what if okay. All right. I don't think that okay. I don't think that makes people shitty people. I think it's a shitty move and it just says hi. I have low self-esteem which makes me feel bad for them. And then I feel obligated to be there and like like he was so nervous, you know, like he was like his life, of course. Thing or like do you think she's gonna notice I in fact did notice. Yeah, like his voice was all like like is drink was all shaky and I just made me feel shitty for him. So like even though I was pissed I was still trying to like, you know, say call me like yeah, like soothe him like you little nerd like you're okay like I'm never gonna go out with you again, but you're okay. You little sneaky nerd. So anyways my loved and then I felt kind of pissed good you got kitten fished. I got canned fish. And yeah. Anyway, I'm sorry. I felt I felt mad and then I felt like okay. I know what's going to happen. Now. I'm going to get a message from him. That's going to be the good so much fun. When can we go out again? So I was like kind of making my rejection message in my head and it was going to be like, you know, You're you're you're a nice guy and I think you were really here swim cap. Yeah, I think you really polite and I wish you all the best with your schooling and we know whatever it is, but he never messaged me. And I that's a burn man. Is it burn and it it in fear not infuriate and offends me as such a visceral level because it's like I'm better than you I miss. How do you reject me? I reject as you yeah you liar. Yeah exactly. I sometimes you can use thought you were good enough for me. You want to put on an accurate photo? Yeah. Exactly and like okay and then it made me like spin out a little bit and be like wait. Why? Is he rejecting me? Like, what did I do or like anyway, but then I started thinking about okay about catfishing and I don't know if you have any cat fishing experiences really, but I'm not really one. I have one. Okay, and this was fuck punch. Who is a guy just a guy from the internet that came over to hook up? And there's your first photos on Tinder is all right. I do remember and he showed up and I'm like Jesus Christ like walking on the day of us and Many ways and and it turns out actually hung out with him a couple couple other times after this turns out he was incredibly hungover that day and the next time I saw him, he did not look as Haggard and you played Scrabble with him he seemed oh, yeah kick his ass, but he's you know, what are you doing? But he yeah, he humored me and please God. He didn't always eat wasn't always a gentleman, but sometimes he was You miss anything and of like everyone I was involved with last year. Fuck punch was like the most quality human being the only one who liked showed up when he said he would and like didn't take me around and yeah, like how said is that? The bar is so low. I know. Okay. Well one time a few years ago when day only dating was still fun and exciting. I plan to meet this guy for coffee and he Was like kind of a stud and all of his pictures and I was really excited. So I got all dressed up and then I got there and I go to the coffee shop and he texted me and he said he was outside and then there was only one guy outside and he was on his phone but he was the wrong ethnicity and he was like 20 years older. That's that's the wrong ethnicity. Like East Indian. Okay, so he's not he's clearly not the young. Okay, he was a different ethnicity. Well, he was the wrong wrong advertised. They at he advertised wrong different as advertised. Yeah, you specified his raised in his photo and it was wrong. Specifying your race. Yes anything from Kaylee sent me the link to some crime police posting looking for people. Oh, yeah, and there's like three dudes and there is a scripture is like, you know, this guy this age Caucasian male this height and one of the guys was like a light-skinned black guy and it says right there. Yeah, they said, Blah blah blah non white man is he so she because it's just like there's white and then there's everything else might it was just so bad. It just made it seems but you know that person struggled writing that like article just being like I uh, I don't know what ethnicity I don't know saying, okay. So anyway though the fake Indian recent pictures. Okay, so you are there should be that for that for finding out who's India knows you take a take a photo of someone of you know, ambiguous ethnicity a it racial potpourri is like to call it but I just can't Alba your skin it in as I go. This is what this person probably like Shazam for race. Yes. Okay. Yeah, that's like Shazam. Oh my God. Anyway. Okay. So the fake Indian was outside the real Indian the fake White. I was outside. I'm texting me and I was like fuck this shit because that's really creepy to be 20 years older than her saying you like he was totally a different person. So I went home and then I got really pissed and then I wrote him a message and I was like, that's so creepy and you should delete your profile and bubble bath, but he was like, I'm still here waiting and yeah, it turned out that it was a chain of coffee shops, and I went to the wrong watch. Yeah. So I just went and just frowned at this poor Indian man. Like you would not believe how did you find out you were the wrong one? Well because we started chatting when I was like fuck you you should change your fucking profile your fucking liar Beauvoir and he was like, I'm still here and then I was like, what do you mean and so you are the one that stood him up? Yeah, and then I call them Indian. You stood me up. Excuse me, a being Indian. Yeah. Yeah. So that was my worst catfishing back but you and his podcast I hope so. Yeah, so that wasn't a real catfish, but it felt real to me and it was not a good feel of such a misunderstanding like that was an episode of Three's Company. It was really cute though. Yeah, and then oh, yeah. Okay. So the other thing I want to talk about we were wanting to hit more. I think I'm rejection, right? Okay. So my favorite rejection moment that has happened in the last few years of dating was with this guy called Irish Tom and Irish Tom. Yeah, Iris, Tom. Liars Tom and I met at like 3:00 in the morning in a crosswalk. I was super drunk and I was walking home and I was like staring at my phone and then when it was time to go he just kind of taught me was like, hey, it's great. You should go and then we started chatting and he has my phone number and we set up a date. And it was okay. He was really nice like friendly whatever but and he's cute. He definitely was cute, but I didn't know if there was like any chemistry. I didn't know if I don't think he's cute. You didn't think he was cute know that this this was our fundamental because after Kaylee decision like Irish Tom, he's trying to pawn him off on me. Oh, yeah. I actually forgot about yeah, you did not take pain, you know first time. I don't think the tractor and your issue wasn't was attracted. Your issues are used to Guinea which didn't bother me. Yeah, really? Yeah. That's why I'm I would like to hand you didn't like the body like his head and I didn't care if the gentleman's head. Oh, that's so weird that we had. Oh, okay. Yeah. I know he was too skinny because it would make me feel fat all the time, but he was cute and he was very funny and he seemed extra good because I met him immediately after London Tom. Yeah, so like that same night in the crosswalk. Walk we were out for drinks at we're at the Irish. We're at Irish Times, which is really pretty actually I never realized I don't know. Yeah, we were at hours times and then this dude came in he sat with us. No, five fucking up London, Tom. Can I sat with us and he was cute, but I thought he had a muffin top. English they're like the soft. Yeah, he was definitely soft but he was cute but I'm brutally people he was not Burly. He was not a rugged gentleman. Well no friends because our anyway, so yeah, so I thought we were like hitting it off. And then Denise said her piece. I said my piece I didn't say herpes. You said in your really loud stage whisper. I was okay in my defense. I was trying to be very subtle. Oh, I was trying to like covertly suggest to Kaylee that she should continue. Evening with this gentleman and I quote. Are you gonna fuck this guy? Oh, no. No, I can't quote now. Okay, I can't quote it was if you're not going to fuck those guys, and I'm going to you or it was are you going to fuck this guy or not? It was something like that. I don't think I offered the fuck on in Tom not offered you declared announced. Yeah, but you also made him time. You say it really loudly but you did it with like whisper actions. Like your hand was kind of covering it smooth. Yeah, it was he you know, he seemed scared. But anyway, so I'm Tom and I went to a different bar and then we had another drink there but he was super Whitey. You just wind him English. Yeah, and he just wind about everything like this drink is called or I don't know like it's raining and my feet hurt and Bone you need to be able to access but the How it sound it was like the teacher in Charlie Brown. You just like Mama blah blah blah blah blah blah. Would that sound in English accent? But I was like shut up Blended Tom and then by the time he laughs like I just felt like, uh, goodbye. So it's like leaving that and then I was already walking away and he said whoo, aren't you going to ask for my number? And then I was like, no like no like why Why not? Why not you asked for my number? Well, okay in his defense. I think that a man asking for a woman's number can Nestle come off creepy but it can make women uncomfortable to for a man to have that information about them and it's much safer to offer your number to a woman so that way if she could do whatever she wants with it sure, but all you not call you right in the bathroom wall. Yes, but audio board feel for it offering is different than whining aren't you gonna ask for my number that conveys a sense of entitlement? Yeah. It was just so so I was like, oh so then when I was walking away from that and you did you did get his number you did because there was later you were like, there's two times in the same night. Who's who really? Yeah, I don't even remember that. Yeah, this is Are you and Irish Tom? Because really after Irish Tom dissolve or like that. We like Irish town. We should try and be his friend and then you're gonna invite them at one time. Oh, yeah, which Thomas which that's right and we decided not to take you to take those odds. Yeah, they're deusto man. That's right. Okay, because in my drunk memory, he said aren't you going to ask for my number? And I said no, that's so funny. You're right. You're right. I had two numbers. Okay. Well, I'm totally lying then. So anyway, so then I met Irish Tom when I was all disappointed on men which made him seem extra fun. So then you know, we had our date didn't know but he kept texting me and he wanted to hang out and I felt kind of bad. You were try the friend zone him. I was but I was like 80% trying to friendzone him 20% I don't know. It was pretty clear, but I didn't want to admit it yet because it would be such a great story. Yeah. Well, I actually it was actually lovely and fun and we liked him and I left his head. He was sweet. I thought anyway, so I invited him to Costco with Denise and I because we're going to Costco. That's what you did. She wanted to hang out with him in the least romantic capacity policy, which apparently is Costco with Denise. Now I'm getting irritated with Costco. Well, it is nice when you're kind of trying to feel somebody out to get a second opinion in that way like time spent with somebody it's different when it's like over text and like this guy texted me this and then this happened but having time with him directly you get a different feel obviously, but it was really fun. Like he had a hot dog with you and I bought a blender. Yeah, he insulted. Shirt that I got is great. Did he? Yeah, what did he say? He said it was like low quality or just forgot I forgot and then we ran into your eyes boyfriend. Oh, no, he was never my boyfriend. Oh, okay. That's it. Yeah, no. No, it was someone's love of your life, but I was previously involved we spending so I ran into in Costco and I was a boy a bitch because I didn't expect to see him. That's funny. Okay and what but then I went apologize and I feel better about myself. Wait. Did you apologize that day? Yeah. No, I don't know. What no, I went and I found them and I'm like, oh, hey boys. Are you? He's me like that and so he comes over and he's like very excited to come over and say hi. And I said hi. They were like I said, hi. Please leave and then he just like awkward least go away really bad. Little Crab, yeah, anyway, so after that we were driving home and then Irish Tom. Oh I asked him what he thought about Lucky Charms just because being an asshole, I guess because you're planning to stereotype. Yeah, and he said you do the quote better than I do. Okay. He's like he's like a fucking love them. And now that's just our favorite gift that he ever gave us. So much better than they're magically delicious exactly its Lucky Charms. I fucking love of beautiful Lucky Charms and I fucking love them. I would buy that shit. Absolutely cereal any also told us that Charlie Sheen's dad had a leprechaun Factory Charlie Sheen seizure. All right. Okay. So leprechaun a factory in Dublin. I think it was a Dublin. Yeah, which I completely thought was 100% made. Up, and he was just out of being a shithead. I thought I maybe didn't understand because yeah accent like like I'm not know these are not things that are being said to me and something like that is true. Yeah, there is what is his name? It's Martin Sheen who's Charlie Sheen's father? And there's like a fucking Leprechaun Museum or some shit and they're like involved. Yeah, like I think you know, he owns it damn like I think you go there and then you can take pictures as if As if your leprechaun I think or is if your machine because I would doubt of that. Let me hit you if you dress up Spanish either be sweet you did that like jacket thing from like the whistling that he used to do because I can't as a museum at that point. This is a shrine to Mertens. Yeah, that's more enshrined territory. Yeah. So, okay. So getting back to why we're talking about Irish Tom is after the Costco date. Okay. He really did try to make the Costco and dates a strong word. He tried to make it a date because there is like moments where Denise I was looking for not apologizing to men I had insulted him and he would try and like be sweet and be like a little touchy and little whatever and I was like and trying to shirk the advances and find a nice and so I realized that I wasn't really attracted to him a hundred percent not a you were actively trying to cock block yourself yeah which is not a good sign so anyway so we dropped him off and then after that he texted me and he said that he had fun but can we go on a real date next time instead of a Costco date with Denise because fuck Denise yeah it's like titties and anyway so I thought about it and I was like a fuck I can't say yes so I messaged him back and I was like oh I think you're so sweet but I think we'd be better suited as friends and then he texted me back and he said you know Kaylee I've been thinking about it and like you know you're a great girl and I had a lot of fun but I I think you know we should call it here and I think we would be just better off being friends. Well, like, okay. Well, yeah, I agree to that's what I fucking said the first time. Yeah, like I just said that I'm also like that's fucking bullshit because like you just asked me to go on a date with you I said no and then you were like actually date retracted like in those in that one text message I've decided I actually don't want to date you. You're jacked me once I reject you twice. Well, no, the second rejection happened the next day. So like this was in the evening. And then he texted me the next morning reiterating every piece of rejection like statement that he made like he just said it again. So it was like just want to emphasize how much I'm not interested in dating you. Hey faceting rejection still on just checking in not interested. So yeah, so then that was the last survivors Tom unfortunately. No actually because we run into him st. Patrick's Day. Oh my god. I didn't even know it's so funny. It's so much Irish stuff happened with him. I'm really right and he was with a girl go get some girls back and yeah literally on his back and he tried to act too cool for us, but it was kind of sad because he would have been a fun. He had a bit of fun person to have in the friend friend roster, but you do man. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I guess we're sitting at about an hour. Yeah. Did we come? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Okay. Okay so looking Read what to expect you want to talk to that a little bit. Okay. So our plan for the show is to bring in a bunch of guests and have them talk about their dating from their perspective. And if they are an agreement with us that data Victorian blows or maybe some people have excellent dating experiences and it's just like shooting ducks in a barrel. I don't know. No, because it was like she easy and then you'd have to get two different hosts, right? That's true. Okay, so we're gonna have people to come on Doc with their own dating experiences. Yeah to get some alternate view points, maybe people from different demographics men women in different ages races. And we want to know like this is a things like is it as shitty for you as it is for us. That's the big question right? Like is everyone having such a shit time right? Like the cannot be they have to be that we can't believe this shitty is done. If every guy that is a dick to us is doing it because there's like five women that's addicted like it's like this weird. Everyone's dick vicious cycle of people being awful like that. I'm not want to live in a world. Like that, it's terrible. That's true. So if you want to be a guest or Denice has dubbed them guess tackles mystical you can find our profile on Tinder it very clearly states that it's a podcast profile. And if you match with us, we do have the profile up and running and we have some bites so far. So that's really exciting. Absolutely. You can DM us on Instagram because we will be setting up an Instagram page. Right at some point. I believe the handle will be at was it good for you podcast as was it good for you is already a sex page. Oh, well. Yeah, maybe that make sense. Yeah, but stay tuned for more details on that and with that.