All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but I don't know. It's getting a lot of Engagement and I still love her and I'll have her back after she goes to rehab and calls her mother because boy was she not helpful, but she was also great. This week's guest better step it up because if we go back to back bad, I really feel like you guys are going to stop listening and you're going to start listening to Logan Paul's podcast instead. The guest where do I start? There's not a long list of accolades. He hasn't really done much anything. He has done has been because of me lately and it's kind of annoying that I have to carry them. But other than that, he's been a very good friend. I met him actually in my first open mic in New York City. I had ChaCha's down in the Little Italy. He's coming in a little early before. Action, that's what his wife says. Hey your comment or too fast. And that's why you have a stupid kid. And now he's my writing partner. I can't believe it. We're writers. Now. We're making a full-time living off of Comedy. We're living our Dream together. It took us nine years 8 years 10 years. Arif in Ling ladies and gentlemen, can I talk now? No Cha-Cha to chat. I didn't I didn't make it. I just said I was a sound effect guy. It's Michael Winslow. No, I get it. You can't give me 20 seconds without budding him. It's like it's ridiculous. You could have laughed at the names. Maybe they have no leg hair that I shave my legs. No, you don't cause I see the sporadic hair's longer. You don't I do shave them there just haven't been shaved. I shaved my other than my new beard which is like a two or three month new thing. Never had it that no one likes no one likes it. Not it specifically my wife. I shave from my armpits all the way down to my toes. I'm like a fucking dolphin. I hate body hair and I need to go this weekend. I charged my buzzer last night. I'm going to just fucking mow the lawn. I'm going to go just armpits right down to my toes. Let me see your pubic hair just show it to me now that's won't because I have not shaved in. Months but I like to be hairless, but you're not hairless. Okay. What are you doing? I have a kid. We're riding on a TV show. I'm fucking I'm not sleeping. I'm going crazy. This is about that. I would let myself go for a like and if you don't have a lot of leg hair, why are you shaving your legs? And I don't like leg hair guys out there. If you don't like like hair, I mean, I don't yeah, you don't have luck here either. Yeah, I know but I don't shave it. Okay, I like it to be. Smooth like the rock shaves all of his body are yet because he's in he's in shape. Okay, but your muscle definition looks better when there's no hair. You just look fatter you don't you you do though. I don't you look better if you didn't shave because then you could cover up your imperfection out of your body hair. Andrew says I'm I bought at my naked body looks like a melted candle and I then to agree with it, but I'm trying to make it better. You're skinny fat. Yeah because you don't do the right things to get in shape. That's true. I do I Like cardio, I don't like lifting. You don't do abs I do abs every day. Don't tell me I don't don't Blast for my on your podcast. The people think that I don't do I do abs every day. You have the body of Roger from American Dad, which is the eight of you know, what that means Google Roger me. No, not you you don't have to do it right now. I mean, you could look I'm okay. I'm okay. I don't know who this is. I've told you this many times you've never once inclined to look and see how this ghost in your body of. Roger Roger you have an alien body American? I can't believe someone had a baby with you because your body my bait and baby is cute. Your baby is hot. My baby is cute. Yeah. Okay. No, my body does look like this is pretty spot-on. Can we show this to the camera? Is there of course? Yeah. This looks real spot on the answer to all three that all three what's going from all three angles. I mean this looks this like ever that isn't exactly some part of his body matches up to some part of my body like his head is kind of my scrotum and his lower torso is exactly this is you at age 65. I know you're going to be bald unless you keep taking these drugs that are killing your dick, you know, I stopped the Propecia because my dick was you'd get above 23% erect. So I stopped the Propecia. I'm only doing the Rogaine and I'm not even doing the special shampoo because it started to make my scalp it so much that I would wake up in the middle of Night and scratch my fucking scalp so much that I would strike blood. I'm not doing that anymore. I'm doing the biotin pills and I'm doing the Rogaine and that's it. And it's working because I'm thicker than you are and I know you're going to I'm thick you're not there. I'm thick your you might be thicker. But also that's going to fall out because you stopped taking the the course of the three months ago. So where's your dick now? Percentage-wise 88 I haven't been I haven't listened. Here's this is what people don't talk about in their 30s. Yeah, go ahead. I like where my Michael I don't like it. I haven't had morning wood in 20 years. That's one two, I haven't had a solid bowel movement in 12 years. Okay, every time I sit on the toilet, it's like an above-ground pool. Just burst. Okay number three. I haven't had an erection over 91% Okay. This is in your 30s. This is a you thing no, first of all, you're not even well into your 30s. I'm 33 years old on the edge of the I heard that when he died. Yeah. Yeah, do you think he died because his dick wasn't? Yeah. What is it Jesus? Can you get hard and he couldn't get hard and they said we're now in you to that had a great head of hair though great head of hair because he would go for because he probably took something Heap. I mean there wasn't anything that he got the soft dick, then they killed him, but how good were his apps great AB great apps different than yours. When I go see a trainer. I'm just going to bring a picture of Jesus nailed to a cross and say get me this doesn't go if I need to get nailed if the Stigmata hands come with it. I'll do it. I don't care. I want those. I want an eight-pack. You'd look good with some stigma. That's my Piggies. I had a good a good body know you didn't Andrew you have a body that can never be good. That's not you can be skinny. You can be you could look like you're in shape. You look good in a tuxedo but naked you will always be a skinny fat kid God this is triggering some shit because I'm back on Weight Watchers. Okay. What do you watch your weight go up because you're getting fat boy. Fatty you're fatter than I am. Okay, but I could get Rick I could but you don't you choose not to but I can great I can do a lot of things. That doesn't mean I do them. Yeah, I can run but you can either get a good you can't get a four pack. Even if you did everything you could imagine. How long give me give me an amount of time and I will I will do this give me an amount of time away a month to month. I'll give you two months two months before I need for a 4-pack. No spray. No, damn it. No regular paint. No tanning. No, no fake tan no cryogenics. I don't know what that does. But I think it does something I think your you mean cryotherapy. Yeah. Yeah, no laying in that pool of yours where you come in at all the time without context. They don't know what you're talking. What have you been doing to try to relax you've been laying in these pools these salt pulls sensory deprivation tanks and I came in at one time don't act like I came in and all the time were you laying face down? No, No, did you tell the owner? No, you gotta tell an owner. So I do these sensory deputies float tanks you sensory deprivation tanks you lay in like a pool of water. That's got a thousand pounds of salt. The water is 98.6. The air is 98.6. If you let in your cocktail is 88 and if you lay still you can't tell the difference between the water the air in your body and With outside of that. I am a 33 year old man who likes to have wet dreams. Okay, they happen every couple of months. Okay? Why do you like them? Listen as a guy specific we go as a guy you my 30 knots like you it's you. It's not a guy in his 30. I was talking about you you fucking don't cut me off. Okay, I'm people are going to hate me because I'm no no, you haven't been mean. Yeah. I've been mean to you this whole time. This is our relationship. No, I think I remember you as a guy in his late 30s early for who it's hard to get an erection. So why not it hard for me? Okay. Why are you putting that on me? Because I know I know I get hard. I love love your friends. Whatever you want. Is it it's not the biggest hard on. How did you get hurt? Okay. Look my 98 is a regular guy 64th. I'm just saying that like my cock isn't gigantic. So like a 9 inch cock and 64 is me out of 98. I'm going to need you to draw this out. I'm not I'm not and I'll draw it. But what I'm saying is for me to like I can just come without being hard when I'm unconscious in the minute. Like it's great. It's so much easier, but cleanup you're ruining things when you wear to bed. What do you wear to bed completely nude? Okay, so you're just coming all the time. But all over my nice I can I say my sheet sponsor. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, I'm I nice Brooklyn and cheats. Yeah, and I just ruined them 91 and what are they? What's that this account there? This thing was Gary. Oh my God. Great, so you come all on the she time their wife wakes up in a puddle my wife wakes up in the morning and she goes did you come and did you have a wet dream again? And I was like, yeah and she goes nice really? Yeah. She's into it. She's not into it but it means less work for her. That's true. Then you're not going to mock emerges Hound her because I'm a you know, I'm a horned up guy. You are horned up forgot. It doesn't fuck that much your horned up. I mean, but that's probably why your horned up so much. Yeah. Well your wife needs to be more near dick, I think. She's into my dick. She's just not like there's a people always talk about sexual compatibility. We're compatibly sexually like when we start to having sex, we're very compatible, but it's like it's a little wonky in robotic before that because I'm a guy I just want to fuck. Okay. I don't like I don't I don't want to like play games of like slow walking into the bedroom and like just gently I want to I want to be thrown up against a fucking glass window. You want to be thrown up? I mean I want to throw her but I don't want to seem violent and like no but I think you would want to be I want to be I want like romka like dramatic movie to people like wrestle fucking like, mr. And mrs. Smith. Yes. Yeah, right you want to be cut up. I want my wife to throw a knife. Yay. Beat the fuck out it lands right here. Then I bite it out of the world and then like a pirate then I eat her but that's what I Oh, yes. That's what I want. Yeah, should we just fuck right now? I mean, I'm at a point where if my wife doesn't start fucking me. I'm gonna start fucking guys start fucking me. No, come on. There are there's a list of two million people. I'd rather fuck than you and there's there's homeless people on that list. There's terrorists on that list yeast. There's ex-presidents on that list who are in their 90's, I guess there's only one. No put that you fucking dead, but she's right. I'd fuck. Me Carter. Okay. Did he just die? No He's Alive. I've had like 19 heart attacks. He's on the fucking ropes, but he's not dead. Yeah, and I'd fuck him before you I fuck Trump before can I be honest? Yeah, I would dig up probably 14 ex-presidents and fuck them all be can you even name 14 experts? Yes. Go George, Washington George Washington Thomas Jefferson meet gave Abraham Lincoln evening, the The the Quiznos guy pinky no, no. No. Okay. You really want them Thomas Jefferson George, Washington John Adams Quincy Adams. John Quincy and Quincy Jones Jones. No, I got it Franklin D Roosevelt Theodore Roosevelt and we get if I can grant don't notice verse or is great Horace Grant Yahweh for the magic also was it Resident I mean the list goes on. Yeah, you know, yeah, it does go home. I'll dig them all up. They're all hanging out together. I don't have to know their names. I'll dig them all up at the same time. I'm running a train on the president's before I fuck your disgusting. That's awesome. Laughs I'm over 6, honestly, I don't like people are like, oh, you know my wife and I we probably have sex like one in five minutes ago. You said you're a horny boy tonight the funny guy, but I know I said, I'd like to fuck. I don't know whether I said that but now I'm clarifying back when I say Becky I said like the checkpoint. The fuck Dottie. Do you have the minutes? Okay. I like the fuck. I don't need to fuck I can get off in my sleep. I can get I can jerk off in the bathtub. I can do it in the sensory deprivation. What is this riddle? What is this Cat in the Hat? I jerk off in a boot and I jerk off in a shoot. I jerk off on a plane and I jerk off my friend named Dane. I jerk off on a train. I jerk off a Great Dane. You would fuck a Great Dane. Oh, God Great Danes have straight up like human human thinks they really do there. I can tell you there's been about 10 times that I've looked at multiple dogs and go that dick is so much bigger than mine hard their their dick soft. I'm not gonna lie in mind how I seen a Jack Russell cock Jack Russells are tiny right dude a our pack and Jack Russells have the biggest dick for little dogs by and Chihuahua. Has our fucking packing so I have I have this I have a child right? I have this kid. Okay humble brag your come works. We get it. My come does were I'm very surprised and the kids Q. I thought the kid was gonna look like a fucking mutant. Okay, the last time she's cute. Come on. She admires you the picture that cute. She's pretty blue eyes. Nice to stop Andrew. Why little hand this is my daughter. You can't say my daughter as nice pigs got good tip. Don't show me a nude. What don't show me a new dance. Nude you showing me to spread eagle? No, Jesus Andrew. This is a fucking infant. Well tell me about it fucking intense wasn't you know that I don't care but they're people hopefully police officers who are listening to this fucking podcast and you're going to come to Andrews address and put him in shackles and deliver him to Rikers Island with Harvey Weinstein because the guy is fucking sexual criminal. First of all, you're putting words in your own mouth second of all about the put something. In your daughter's boy because she is hot. So I had this first of all also a pedophile doesn't fuck a four-month-old. Okay, there's no there's never been done. So that's not going to happen. You know what? I mean cops aren't coming for that. Okay, what's up? I'm letting you die on this. Yeah. Well, I felt like Good Will Hunting there for a second. What like I was defending myself look guarana 1847 need a retainer with Dana we paner retainer. So I had a I had this kid we didn't know the gender going in right and I've seen like what I got Yeah, I worked with had a son and he posted like the son was born and he posted it like seconds newborn photo and I learned that when when a boy is born his penis and his scrotum they swell fucking huge. So this kid was born he takes he snaps as far to the kids spread eagle on the table and the kids scrotum is the size of a fucking tomato. It's huge what tomato what sometime I might My East Coast accent is gone. There's nobody coming back tomato. I go to a tomato. Okay is the size of a tomato? Okay, but today it was huge. Okay, and it was swollen. And so I was like we didn't know when my daughter was born. We know the gender. So we were like, you know, someone knowing when couples weight these days who cared? No, it's the only thing you make it about you stop it. So we want to know we don't care it was. It comes out and you're looking at maybe so they tell you because the nurses and the doctors are get excited because everyone knows these days everyone finds out and were one of the couples who didn't find out so they're like when the baby comes out take a look and then announce it to your wife and announce it to the room and say it's a boy. It's a girl so baby comes out and I take a look and I go it's a boy. We did it. It's a boy baby. I have a son. I'm gonna carry on Legacy and then the doctor just got what did you see blue Powder. So I learned that the vagina also swells and she had a real plug when it does the doctor goes. I don't mean to ruin the moment here put that in because they like whisker away and I didn't see I saw it for a second and then she was like it's a girl just so you know, it's a female and then I wanted to make you know, a gendered. Yeah, of course, we know we're going to let her decide but I didn't because I was crying so much and swallowing my own snot because I'm an emotional guy at any point where you like look doc. I swear I saw a dick. Yeah. I said well she says she said oh it happens often because the vagina Lips can swell and it looks like because I just didn't expect to see anything expected just a tiny, you know thing. Yeah, and it was bigger than that. We're going to get arrested. I don't know. I feel like there's some guys at home I'm talking but I've never been into a newborn but the way you'd like her swelling and it's like no can say that because people at home you showed me a picture of your done. It's ready. No, I did. I showed this picture just I'm not going to show it because I don't want to see my daughter's face. She's not spread eagle. Okay, look at she's just like she's got a sweatshirt on she's got a hat a bow. She's a cute kid. Yeah. So now you have a kid. I mean, I've known you before the kid before your wife, you know. Yeah you wanted this to I feel like you were going to have a kid. I knew you were gonna have a baby pretty early on when I met you early on it's fucking eight years later. Yeah. I know that's really on I mean for comedy terms it's way early Yeah, I'm the like there are many of our friends who are in long-term relationships on the only moron who has a fucking kid. I mean be honest how happy are you now that you have so much material because it is kid. I mean, it's pretty it's pretty incredible. You meet you want to just answer the material part. Yeah. It's a it's a treasure Trove of material. I mean my whole my whole act right now is about my daughter and is very relatable. Yeah, and no one is gonna go fuck. Fuck you. Well, I know one you're not talking about your daughter and I like I'm not into it, you know, but it's fucking hard to be a comic and be a dad. It's like, you know, I'm going nuts. I'm not sleeping. I'm yeah, I'm not you know, I'm not there as much as I want to be I would much listen. I love talking to you. I love hanging with Becky and her 17 cats, but I want to say I rather be with my daughter. Yeah, but your daughter sleeping right now. She's asleep. She's been asleep for I mean she was asleep before we left. I mean we did it. We got this writing job now. You know you got fired from your company. I guess we could say it now. I wouldn't say Okay, Modell's. Okay. Yes. We're saying a fire from a fucking loser company Modell's it's bankrupt and losers. I do not I do not support this. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity for eight years to work for you. But I do not appreciate being fired. You literally sent me an email saying my fucking stupid fucking boss is going to fire me after I stole so much money from them. M did not steal any money just like my uncle until we cannot talk about that. Just letting you know, I he's out. No, we can't talk about we can speak in generalities. We cannot describe it. Maybe your uncle stole 40. Do not my uncle. No maybe not my uncle maybe not related to me cannot I knew it. I knew it. Okay, maybe there's a guy out there who happened to possibly be related to you, maybe stole 41 million dollar note or two. I mean the money I don't know an amount of money. I don't know anything about that. I hate you so much. You knew I couldn't talk about this now. I did not know you couldn't talk about it. Do you I did not I swear to God. Oh why we're doing that know that you couldn't talk about it. But why am I talking in New York accent this whole time? I'm like, fuck you make thing talk like this and I like talking like this. It's so much more fun than talking. Like I normally talk. I'm very jealous of comics who have thick New York accent or any like I have A pretty hello, Kristin Stephen. Oh, I love you beside you. You said it like him que hizo skill cat go get go deal kid cody with a smoke. Thank you. Yeah, I love I love people with a hard New York accent or any accident General like Daniel Simonton. It's like I'm not saying this in a bad way. It's a cheat code and I like I'm jealous of it because it's so much fun to be able to live in your bits in an accident because people hang on every word when you have this generic Like I do you sift you go in and out of like a north east west coast Southern Belgium South African South American accent people don't care about what we're saying when you have like a thick accent like de Stefano or like Daniel Simon's and it makes you unique and it makes a normal generic bit like a hundred percent better. Yes, we're talking about before this that we have these writing jobs now. Oh until you get fired. From your job I get fired. You think you're you don't know what you're going to do. You got this kid and who comes in your knight in shining armor Heath Ledger know Chris Kevin Costner. Mahatma Gandhi, yeah you listen you and not listen II want to give you some amount of credit for this. I want to give you some amount. I don't know what percentage but I want to give you some amount. All right, take him put him on speaker. This is our boss put him on speaker. So right now our boss is calling put him on speaker. No. Yeah, we're getting we might be getting yelled at so we're in second. No, we all right we're back and we're back. We're back because our boss just we had to handle a little bit of business. I'm sorry. Yeah. I know. It's we may get fired from the job. We're just talking. You know what I don't care. Yes, you do. I don't even know if I do it's making me too serious. I got real people wanting real things for me. He doesn't like being busy. You don't like being held down. You don't like reporting to people know. You're a you're a coyote man. I'm a coyote coyote man. Not a coyote. Okay ready? Same noise. That's the same noise. You were just making still the same. I am high school for West Canaan football was your dream but I don't want your laughs. Oh my God, it's Johnny moxon from the West Canaan Coyotes name the movie. Are you getting obviously Varsity Blues those are for because I love this dog. I think it's a pig. Who would you say you are in that movie? No, I'm not Billy. Everybody wants to be Tweeter right tweeters Scott Caan now because Tweeter has STD we found that out when he looked at his dick and he goes what the fuck is that? He's gonna see in the movie or a real movie. Oh hold on to your titties because he goes he goes. Do you want to know what this he Tweeter Endzone dance? You know that it that's Tweeter ends up as new Tweeter and Zonday movies great a team of fucking Tia you love High School football God. I love it. If it is high school football your favorite sport. I don't know. I've been very into high school basketball lately, too. I just love when it's like it's for the game, you know, it's for the love of it. We forget about that shit. I mean that I love college basketball and for that reason, but I can't get it like it doesn't I don't want to watch High School basketball. School football because yeah, there's a bunch of kids that are fucking studs and are going to be D1 going to go to the NFL but then there's a bunch of Schmucks like you and I who are playing against those kids who are just getting fucking trucked and injured and I know they're going home with fucking broken clavicles and they're going mom what I don't want to do this anymore and they are you guys thinking about but they're they're not competitive High School sports are not competitive because these kids like outside. First of all, there's a a you and Martinez I'm saying is it there's there's Mega teams, but then like in my high school like we played against Brian Cushing. Yeah, right badass line back badass linebacker play for the Texans in when we played his high school. He had 50 sacks. I mean every play our quarterback would drop back the fucking left tackle would get dump truck by him and he would just annihilate our quarterback our quarterback had broken ribs every week. Yeah, it was a nightmare. We got to stop looking at your phone. I know I didn't do it. I want you better guess it's we had business to know where cares I don't care. Okay, it's gone. So Brian Cushing it is but that meant because the levels are so high to solo. Yeah. You see how incredible they are. It's like when you see like Usain Bolt run against you know who are saying whoo-hoo segno know my but he's not Out of a Muslim terrorist Usain Bolt know what are you saying? It's on I haven't said anything. Huson. No, it's dead Hussein both know who's on boo. No, but Usain Bolt. Okay, Usain Bolt. Yeah. Okay, you see him run against, you know, it's like a cheetah running against a fucking hippo. It's hilarious. Could you see the difference of how absurd it is? That's why in high school when you see little white, dude. Get Dunked On by the six eight black guy. It's fucking awesome. Do you remember Lenny Cooke? Did you ever cook documentary died? He died. No, he didn't die. There are two 1000 and bias my bad. I know Lenny Cooke let it cook supposed to be as good as LeBron was as good as your on they went to ABCD Camp Lenny Cooke score more points. He's a better basketball player. And he was as you know got bad advice didn't go to college went into the draft didn't get drafted. God fucking fat and just Had a lot of people feeding off the teat and just down the drain, but we played him in high school. He threw a fucking dunk off the backboard went over my body and then around like literally around the back and fucking dunked it made game and our whole High School cheered for him, of course, because who can't like I don't we used to in high school we used to bet on the women's basketball games and we'd have our coach for the high school team set lines for the games, and we'd Against it and our superintendent found out and they fired the coach. I mean probably fireable offense without a doubt a fiery deserves to be fired his job. I remember we got his basketball camp and like I don't know why but I like I always assumed my team or me were better than we were and I remember I was I was in we were at this basketball camp, Florida Southern Basketball Camp and there was this all black team and they were all like already over six four and we were in JV and I was like will beat you. You know, we're going to beat you and they're like, what do you want to bet? I was like I bet you $20. We're gonna fucking beat you and then the next day they pry I think they beat us by 75 points. Yeah, like dunking and JV like and a 13 year-old dunking his fucking alley, oop. Just fucking on our heads. It was great. I've never been able to do anything that's athletically elevated than the average but let me rephrase when I was a kid. I was a very talented tennis player. I was a tennis prodigy. When I was 10 11 years old Prada dying, but I never got better. So I'm you like you played against ma'am. Very good, but I'm as good as a talented 11 year old tennis player. Why did it level off because I didn't have the motivation. I wanted to learn how to make out with girls and feel breasts and but you know, it's getting that bullied in high school. I didn't do that until after college. I actually I was a better athlete until like I started I don't know. I got like in my head. I'd started thinking about either getting hurt. Hurt or just like not for like when I was young I had like this blind confidence and I think a lot of that ended when my parents were getting divorced and then like they would fight and then I don't know like I've lost a lot of hair. Yeah, I guess I didn't care. Maybe I wanted to rebel by not giving my all right. I don't know what it was. But yeah the older I got the more scared. I got in a way of failing. My body was also just so much inferior to everybody cell is disgusting. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I was very small. We're both are very I was 5 3 until my senior year of high school. I was taking testosterone injections because I wasn't going through puberty and I just didn't in vance as fast as the other kids were so I'm like, why am I even caring? Yeah, I physically can't hit a fucking fastball Mike. It's like, you know, it wouldn't go past he'd like infield if it was like I was bunting like I was so physically weak that it didn't matter. So it's like the beginning of I love. Captain America to the end like I was the early Chris Evans the beginning Captain America never the kids were kept in America. I'm like, I can't physically play against these kids. I would get 10 concussions when I played lacrosse and I'm like, it's not even because they're that they're that good and I'm bad. I'm good. I'm just so weak. Well, that's the thing. So you were 10 or 11 years old. You're just Prodigy which you would say, I would say you're probably weren't you're probably just below that right. I mean I'm is rotted. Obviously. I'm Kid Prodigy piano players playing like Mozart at six. Have you ever seen the you're not the Chinese Prodigy in the sublight? That kid? Yes. He's like a he's like, he's 67 years old. He's 65 now. He's like 6 or 7 years old. He plays the piano like fucking Dostoyevsky and then he plays a song He's like that. People are like riding around filming giving him change giving him money and then his dad will come up behind him and just put a chicken nugget this man Jesus and then he'll eat the chicken nugget and just go didn't it? Didn't it? Didn't you know what though? That's why he's fucking great because of the Nuggets. That's why I like soccer Mozart ate chicken nuggets. If you were going to be great at tennis, you should have grown up in like a third world. Korean all you had was a wooden Racket and all you can do is fucking play tennis and you fed chicken nuggets and you would have been great. I did I was never I mean we have so many options right to this day. I'm still I can't put my foot in one ball court what my foot my foot balls in courts when I got my feet in too many baskets. Okay. Yeah balls and what's the term too many balls and Too little time. So many irons in the too many fires iron fire iron fire. I get what you're saying. You you put too much on your plate. You don't get great at anything, right? I get mediocre at everything. Yeah. I was that way. I was mediocre at every year still. Oh, yeah. No one said your great now and anything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Jack of all trades a jack of all trades master of none. That's what we got to do. Yeah real quick guys. I switched over from my hosting site to Anchor. It's a Great place to start your podcast. It's so simple. They do everything like you can check all your analytics. You can upload your podcast. You can make money. That's the most amazing part is they will spawn to your podcast right away dependent. It doesn't matter how many listeners you have most places won't do it. Unless you have like ten thousand listeners. It's a freaking awesome. I definitely recommend using the anchor app. You can just download it for free. Also, it's free a lot of the hosting sites charge you money. Monthly anchors free or you can go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I really recommend a man. All right, check out anchored. Thanks guys. Also real quick guys, check out Spotify. We all know Spotify. It's the best dude on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts and one place for free. You don't even need a premium account. It has a huge catalogue of podcast as well as Music Man follow your favorite podcast. You never miss an episode premium users can download apps and you can listen to it offline and look if you Guns are already be sure to download the Spotify app and then just search for puddles on Spotify and or browse podcast in your library. Just you know, follow me follow puddles on Spotify. It really is the best place to listen to music. All right. Thanks guys. So stop looking at your from. Sorry. I'm nervous. I'm not okay. Stop it. I'm done. It's really frustrating me. I looked at it twice. We already know what's happening. Okay, you know what's going to happen? It's not you're going to get fired great and then you're not gonna have a job. Job, and no kids going to die. Yeah, Andrew what you can't like this. This is a public. Yeah, can't you can't threaten the fuck my daughter and kill her in the same pot. I never thought you could do one. You can't do both did not threaten to fuck your daughter. You had she look good in the picture that you showed back. He read the notes Becky. Did I say that I wanna have sex with his four month old daughter. She's six. I was writing something down. Oh, thank you. Look who's got plausible deniability now for a fucking pedophile. You but this is the thing. I know you were born September September 11th. I was born on September 11 that ever forget the same day the planes hit you what when I just didn't know that was then 9/11 is that Daniel having is your birthday? Okay, so you could have been held back and you could have been the oldest in your grade. But instead your parents pushed you through even though they like they probably could've held you back in seventh grade and realized you know what our son is going to To be a fucking small little bitch. We should hold them back. Puberty is so important growing up where I agree where I grew up though. The cutoff was October 1st. They they why would they do that? Because they don't like you don't know I grew up with September 1st. We you don't know as a parent when your kid is that young that they're not that developmentally up to par now looking back. They've said, oh we wish you held you back. We wish we held you back but like you don't know that like I look at my daughter Nate. Well, you know you go to the fucking doctor and they're like, yeah. Is this present this present whatever and she's you know, she can hear good and she can see but like you don't fuck. I don't know again. She's here. She here too. Good. She's a here good. Here's the thing though. It's not just about sports. It's about if emotional nebulous truly love a person you get bullied last you'd be your brain would be more developed. So you'd be better in school. What I needed to be held back for grades. Like I need a dive like no, you said you grew freshman year in college. I did but emotionally I didn't know. Who I was until I was 25 years old used to eyes don't know who I am. But yeah, because you're a fucking idiot true. I know you I know but like II my memories are not like when I look back on my life prior to 2122. My memories are foggy, and now I feel way more clear and present and my memories are clearer from On it goes there sooner now Maggie knows what I'm talking about. Yeah, you know what? This is interesting you brought this up from 5 years old to three years. And what happened? Why don't I have those memories in my head anymore did something happened and my repressing it? Here's the thing though. I don't remember yesterday. I know I don't know what that is. I might have early dementia my Mama got it. My aunt's got it. We all fucking sad. We all got it. It's sad your aunt has young. Yeah, my aunt has it. My great uncle has a oh, it's in my family. Yeah, I got everything my family genes are I mean, my family genes are soiled with shit. Like I have like like 80% of my family has got cancer fucking Gene dysmorphia, but then you got my grandfather who escaped from to Holocaust from to concentration camps the child. To Holocaust 2 different toggles the one in 1944 and the one in 1996 know from to Caillou Keys gave them to concentration camps. How nice is that? I mean, I don't even get this story. You've told me and I think once and I don't remember if you told me when I was 4 years old, I had remembered remember it. No, I wouldn't. Yeah, you would he was in a concentration camp. Yes. He saw that the guard opened door and he just bolted well like a dog. Like a dog like a back door for died seem very easy. You sound on the wrong side of the Holocaust right now calling my grandfather a Jew a dog. First of all, I'm Jewish so I could call him a dog dog a dog white dog. No, so now this is where so that that's the story that's one. Okay. Well, let's dive into the first one here. Okay, the guard open the door and there was like a hole in the gate or something. He like ran out. What did he dig a hole under the fence? No, this isn't there anyone else? Did anyone else get out? I don't think so on that one. Okay, let's go over many got on a train and he went back to his village and he tried to like warn people what was happening because not everybody was got caught yet and then they like stormed the town again and they took him back into concentration. Same camp different Camp. They brought him back to that camp use a dead man. I feel like he never went to a death camp though. Without he was always at concentration camps. My grandmother was a death camp. She had to fucking drag body. This is good podcast talk right this is this way your podcast about just reliving the hall closet my God. How did he get away the second time. How about we go through that first before you talking about your grandma dragging a dead body. I don't remember. I don't remember. I think he escaped on the train going to the cat. Did he go? Hey look that way. Hey look over there. It's a bird and then he jumped off the train this way. One he said. Oh, look at that. That's a that's a dinosaur way. He actually did Nikolas. It's crazy. I mean plus he stayed religious. So I don't know if this is true. Definitely true. Your grandpa could be a liar. He's not white like I would eat I wanted to My daughter then you wanted to kill her. Now, you're saying my grandfather a holocaust Survivor and escape from to concentration camps. Now, he's a fucking liar plus he's dead. So first of all dig them up, I'll fuck him before I'd fuck you. She's Christ tell you that right now. You're lucky. I like you and I'm not a fuck. Any other person would be offended by this why you fucking say to was dark shit to me on earth, like what huh Name-O time first of all you could dig Up my grandpa. I would love to see my grandpa. You know what I do. You know, I dig them up. Yeah, I didn't want to tell you this. I don't want to help you. I'd suck his dick you would tell you today, of course. Yeah, because he's mummified that did gives me Mama found his dick Mama. We don't mummified just as dick. This is the shit. So did they cut it off or just that little part of his penis is mummified. They got hard right before he died. Yeah, and then they mummified his cock. Okay, and the rest of his disgusting. Strong. Okay. So you're going to have to dig around the bones. Okay, which might turn you off with? So what were you going to say about you said it doesn't migrate escaped three times and that's not true from the concentration but concentration camp was in Dachau was it? Yeah this room now, I've been a Dachau though. I was hammered hammered drunk at Dachau hammered. There's the next day after party in this place called The Hofbrau Haus. Yeah, and they have those in Pittsburgh. Okay, but this is the one in Munich and these girls these girls take out six beers sick one hand. They're strong. I can hold maybe a half a beer. They hurt your wrist. It's Insanity. My buddy hooked up with one got a hand job. I'm surprised his dick is in the Lederhosen, huh in the house. I don't know exactly very turned on by later xhosa. Yeah big time what you just cut a hole in them and fuck the room. No. Okay. I'm just as find it very sexy like the suspenders on litter housing. So they Right in the the section of the breast that make them. They're like a Victoria's Secret push-up bra. It's the first Victoria Secret push abroad the Lederhosen. Yeah, it was you know, it's really hot. A man old grandfather's mummified penis. Other than that one secret giant titties in a white button-down and he hope what do you mean like a man lying down know with like a lot of you know, a lot of women wear like kind of baggy white boy. And downs with Lederhosen so you get a hint of how big their tits are women wear baggy white shirts with later hosen. Yeah, that's not it. That's the look. That's safe. Yeah, Google it. Well, my point is I like a secret a I like a lot of girls. Don't show you their cleavage. I like whoa, what's wrong? That's a hint just gave me a hint where you get a lot of nude. So I don't get any new. I've been getting a lot of I've never got a nude. I'll send you I get nudes from you. Nude from you at the beginning to show with your own daughter. It's crazy. Can I really can I release the dudes of yours that I have of you know, can I show it to the camera? No want no. Well, it's not a nude. It's just Andrew standing completely naked in a bathroom. Just holding his penis. He looks like he's a bull rider on this one. We should talk about what me getting a picture of your cock. Okay, let's talk about okay. So me and Ari, are you got me a gig? You never thought you said I've never gotten you anything. Well, that was off camera. You okay? All right. Got me. A gig on a for a commercial. Yeah for some shitty. I don't think we even got paid we didn't get paid but I got you exposure. Okay, I got you exposure. It was for an alarm company and it was for Amazon only halfway through I'm taking a piss and our he's taking a shit and I decide you know, because we're best friends or good friends to you know, play a little prank. Would you do so describe the plot of the commercial because it ties in to the story now. I don't know the guy I would I'm a director the director. I was a spokesperson. He was supposed to keep interrupting me as I was supposed to deliver like bar this alarm. It'll stop you from people breaking into your house and raping your grandmother and Andrew is supposed to go cut cut cut that's not the line continue. I mean, I don't know why this goes together. But so then I take I put my hand over the the toilet and I take a snap a shot of re taking a shake in a shit now. I thought I would just get straight shit. It's hard to sometimes see the cock when you take a shit at hangs down on me. There's a t-shirt order to shirt button down is Elijah a white button-down with later hose and you just see a hint of cock. Yeah, so I see all the cock and I'm not saying that because his dick was small and sticking up look good. It looked fantastic blood flow. Be strong what percentage what percentage erect would you say was Pro for a soft cock you were for it was 98% hard for soft and it was 68% hard for a heart. You sound like, this is Bernie Sanders Shucks directing the front hard one or two percent of the top one percent of the deck to do a good Bernie impression. You have to pretend to put change in invisible jars in front of you don't percent of the one percent of Direction now, I'm just doing Cosby. The jello went to put it in the 1% of the dick getting room. I could do Bernie the two percent of the one percent is the one percent of the top Edge is better than bad. It. Was that bad for me. Who's Becky who's was better? Thank you. Thank you. It's fine. If mines on is good. Yeah, but it wasn't bad. It. Does that the end it was really yeah, I gave it my all did you hear how she put that prefects on the funny but who is incapable of doing a single impression? We gotta give them free college and we gotta get more jars more than wallet out of my pocket. Yeah, and then one will be happy because everyone will have some bread and some wine in English a for the equal amounts of the equalness. It's getting better. Not bad. Okay, continue things better. Okay. So I take a picture of your cock and write that down. I think the Bernie stuff probably will be the Instagram take a picture of your cock and I think it looks cool. His I would be so proud of this dick pic. Okay, that's what went through my head. And so what did you do today? I know but just listen listen to my reason I'm thinking re would be so happy to see how fantastic his thick Supple Supple so I won't curvature cock look at what is curved and left left soft left. Now the soft left left Nike belt. I've never seen in third grade where the bottle opener. What do you got on the bottom of your sandals? Remember that the bottom of the sandal? Yeah reefs sponsor Russ Reef. No, this is my podcast sponsor has a reef. No the other one body glove. Havaianas there with Z Zapatos know that shoes in Spanish Z the Divas, you know, but I remember when that's how great it was. So I think Ari even if I wouldn't I swear to God on my life if your cock was not fantastic in this photo then I wouldn't have have I would have not sent it. Who did you send it to to your uncle in jail, maybe? No I sent it to the group chat in jail. I sent it to the group chat of Ryan Beck will winner. Yeah, Casey James elango. Kyle heirs are infinitely. Yeah, I 5r group of friends. So re is still on the shitter and he gets the text because I don't know that you take the picture. So I go I go check your phone. I got actually don't I go check your phone until areas. Yeah, and I'm still shitting and I see just see a picture of my own dick on my phone. I gigantic violation of privacy and I see here this maniacal fucking pedophile. Elliot laughs and I'm like, what are you fucking doing? Right? It's so fat instead of funny. Who's that? Is you little much funny and you look what the fuck dude the fuck man. You fucking suck my dick. That's not me. It's not bad and I was pissed off it was and I was upset because you can't just take a picture of another man's dick and then not be okay with however they react once you dig. A picture of another man's dick. It is international waters. There are no rules I can spit in your face. I can hit you with a fucking 2x4 and I would be perfectly Justified because you unlawfully took a picture of my dick while I was at peace taking a shit evacuating my bowels, which have not been solid since 1996. I haven't been a wreck since 1992 and the one percent of the total. Okay, I agree, but if you just if you stop for a second at that moment yeah and thought I'm really looked at the picture and saw how incredible that juicy thick Hammer hog of yours looked am I hot don't you think I did you a solid no because it's not like you sent it to a girl I wanted to fuck he sent it to her way worse no but like in your logic you were doing shower you would shower with these guys you shower naked with all of these guys what you would what are you talking about if we had to go if we were on a trip and we were there was like four showers outside or we were playing sports and they were happen to be on are all on a team would you not shower naked in front of these guys yeah but I wouldn't shower with I wouldn't shut with a meaty Hollywood shower this close when put Casey's face this close to my dick my whose face why do you have to go phone the phones up yeah I know but no one's getting no one looks Fulton Lester 86 years old. That's how I look at it. I'm just saying that that you would show your dick to these guys. It's not like I sent your dick to a friend of a friend. I sent it to our best friends at the time who were closer than ever. You're thick. Meaty. Juicy Hammer hog, when it was at its best before it could get fully hard, which is makes it look great because it's right before that hard level. A Fluff a life lost a light of maybe a medium flow of I mean I didn't flop. I just had a good flow. I got lucky. You got lucky. I got mean I was on a heater bro. It was heated. I I didn't fluff. No, but not many people are fluff is only go take a shit. My point being is that I knew they would look at this, you know them. So that's what I'm saying. You would shower naked with these guys. It wasn't a random you make it sound like like I sent it to like people that would never see your cock. You would show your cock to every one of these I would But on my terms, you can't like if I was the one who sent them my cock I'd have no problem sending them my copy but you did it without asking me that not only is it wrong. It's literally illegal. It is sexual offense. Yeah, I wouldn't go that far. Let some fucking I know. I mean you really can we cut up from this episode all of the horrible sexual things that you've said too much Andrew. Uprinting words in my mouth. You said you'd suck my grandpa's mummified cock I said I would want to suck him. It's I you got it. Listen. I oh, yeah, you don't you like to have sex you don't have to I don't need to have sex. I would like to have sex. Oh my God. This was fun. This is what we need. But all day were writing. This is the show we're just signed photo. Shoot. What if this was the show? This is the show We're I think we're in at we're in that way. We've been writing for fucking ten hours straight losing our minds. Yeah, what's a we need? Also were not allowed like e or whatever is channel. They're really tough on like on censoring what you can talk about whatever and if we can't talk about 90% of what we talked about today. Oh we couldn't do we're pretty we couldn't do Papa sent. The only thing we could have said was you play tennis. You're probably be high. And that all right great podcast and that's is what people want. They don't want fucking that's gonna be great. Don't be good. It's gonna be good. You know what plane in the rules and still being funny is hard. Yeah, and it makes it that when you can land the plane, you know, like wasn't obviously we wish so we didn't have to land the plane on the Hudson right? But because he did we all make him a hero. now did that analogy makes sense no we're good but maybe it will at some point I'm saying yes he had a certain amount of controls he had a certain amount of options that he could have done he could have crashed it into a tower I'm just saying that he wasn't just freed it yeah it wasn't free to do whatever he wanted like if you wanted to you know die a death he wasn't free to do that because he had 50 other people relying on here I have no one relying on me what do I get I mean other than Becky and and and the Taylor I still have as my phone is And the cat who's Taylor and Tanner seems Tanner. What about your fans? Oh, yeah all my fans but my fans will love them. They love this. Yeah, whatever the fuck we just talked about. We had fun. And if you're gonna fucking write me and say you couldn't hear us today boy. Did we yelling these my so I was thinking about just talking like this. Oh my God, I would have thought but then I thought you could mad at me right off the bat. I don't want to start it in a weird way. I kind of like it. It's not that meaningful people. This is what Is Amara is right people just say oh, yeah, I want to eat this granola. Yeah, it's nice giving me that granola 2% of the 4% granola two percent of the one percent of the desert we done now. What's your favorite YouTube video? What's my favorite YouTube video of all time? Yeah, I like. it's going to be short or can be a long one sure I mean preferably sure I mean Korean drummer steals the show is In Crowd incredible did you know we do this you're the first person actually have something ready to go yes this was fantastic we'll just fast-forward to so it's a girl you got to go to the end he looks like a Will Ferrell care he looks like a character maybe look can you turn it sideways look how high the other symbol the symbols all the way up here look out by the symbol and it's so high like no joke this symbol is where this light is it's so good because So good. They're at a wedding. I want to cry Amanda kidding. Why does my way get you as our favorite part he makes it makes them clap. For him because you didn't go big enough. Yeah. He he looks he looks like he looks like he you know what? He looks like a young Korean man. He looks like if Harry Caray was Asian and played the drum. Harry Caray was Asian and did play the drums. Oh, well, then he looks just this is must be here here. You know why the first of all he's playing my way. He's doing it exactly his way. Yeah, which is fucking beautiful. Exactly. Are you that Korean man? No, I want to be that Korean man at all times. But then I think people want to keep us as this bait. The perfect part of this video is does the Pate de basis that has no Charisma does nothing. I mean, I'd rather be the basis to the singer than this guy. This guy's a psychopath. This guy this guy kills people now, he's an animal what the drummer animal from the cartoon Muppets from the Muppets the cartoon. Do you know the difference between a fucking cartoon? Yeah live action. No one's live and ones an animal. Okay and a shout out Steve wailing our AP. Love you, Steve. Yeah, can I tell my favorite Steve wailing joke? Yes, Steve one was a comedian one of our friends who passed away last week and he's a one-liner comedian. Look him up. He's great. He's does what? No Trevor already sent anyways good. Oh, so he is a one-liner joke about he goes. I did I did a corporate gig at Quiznos and Mmm, I bombed yeah. Yeah, he also did when he goes he goes. Because I'll tell you that the 79 makes it 78 look like the 53 the bus the bus. Yeah, we're good guys ever take the bus in New York City man 78 makes his 36 look now. It is 79 makes the seventh note of 78 makes this 79 look like the 53. Yeah. So funny. I'll come up Steve Weiland Steve whal Iain. Yeah, they call mr. Jokes. What a funny one-liners he goes. I'm on a Paleo diet me and my pal Leo love to eat teriyaki. He was old school. He loved comedy. He was you think he was in the 50s or the 60s. He told old school like one line setup punch. He nobody had more fun. He's very very funny. I wish I appreciated him more because the jokes were just they say he literally he submitted to the Guinness Book of World Records for the most tracks on an album. He had a hundred and thirty tracks for a half. Of our album and every title track is the entire joke. Look him up is on Spotify Steve Waylon, very funny. Yep, and he's up there with our mummified dicks mummified dicks. Yeah. What a way to really synergize the show. Love you Steve and not so much the other Steve. Just get it answer that was kind of funny. You know, it was an inside joke for like three people and where can we find you they call me re spelled a HRI on all platforms. They call me Ari they call me re on Twitter on Instagram on the best quality website. They call me re.com my website up and running, you know how to do that. Yeah. I run my own website Jesus of course. Yeah Andrews March. We've got a boy. Shorts in stock NOW new items. Can I get my wife some I love to have sex with her. Well looking at my no. No that was a just love that. Sexually. I'm going to be in Burlington Vermont next week. When's it coming out Tuesday Tuesday? I'll be in Burlington next Friday through Sunday, and we come on Comedy Club. She put that drawing on there for sure. Yeah, and yeah and Rudi Colin. Thanks for listening again. Sorry about the sound last week or whatever and Yeah, love you guys don't bloody fire puddles all day and keep it wet out there soaking wet. Fuck ISIS come on, dude. So stupid what everybody now puddles puddles puddles puddles puddles puddles? Everybody now pearls pearls everybody get up. Because you get down if you get into clothes, you know, you're getting wet if you're getting too close, you know, you're getting wet you're standing in deep you're getting real wet. You ain't that deep because you're kind of shallow shallow in the brain and Chow in your heart. You'll never get that deep inside the water girl. You'll never get the Huddle's puddles puddles puddles puddles. You don't know where to go because you're so deep. You don't know what to do. I don't know what to say. I don't know how wet I am cuz I'm Tollway. That's who I am. I'm so wet wet wet wet I'm chose her. So wet now come on in. I don't smile. None, Idols Idols Idols Idols Idols Idols everybody now puddles puddles everybody get up because you get down and then everyone will come over here. Yeah. This episode of Puddles was recorded at remember to be happy Studios Production by Becky Rodriguez and Tanner Williams. That's human places the ease of 3 and little kinky 69