The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss Tom was me Amigos, Miami guys. Morado Ilona binding am nagala anteater being the place to be guapa go drilling water could be Como estan pneumococcus in Casi como esta my relationship. Yeah, my daughter. No my bull bleep, but he had an amazing online but socket on drug abuse good man. How about animal cell phone number 0 9 9 5 3 3 5 2 0 9 3 what happened? Thanks. Thanks the dawn before my noun 1. I sent an elite want my bck of mana and a grand openings at the warehouse Revenue mother who did that would be in the buggy. Kunsan Minocqua. I'm Papa sock monkey bunty's her brother. Not go part-time. Hello. Hello. Is anyone in ding blade anymore long guy doing these things and in the Cabarrus Nemo boyfriend money. So some money in your pocket belong. I have brother Danny Moshe. Apakah Burrows Danny mode and leave me now brother my mom. So I get back. Oh, wow, daily, Syrian compiling a toga sale aha tapas. six months So monotone a Pakistani known about Wonder Nemo Drabek a small world money Gala. I haven't any money but one. It's holding firm on my own Deimos. Am I so possible but In fairness the Monsignor woman formula below alone among the legality spoiled debugging no, no. Madonna's, we'd be more agile and I am an attorney Jim's Judy told me not to try out our illegal. Sally girl aspetto come completely completely alien. Just that we took me so long to find out that she did not signal hearing. Scheduling an invention. Yo my problem and I: Madiba my brother a balloon animal pain and Agony Moon mmm We did it. Oh my God. I am the preeminent among whole Quan. Goog Ma. I'm going to blame Mike on that. Hello Thorny Rose and she has a boyfriend. I'm problema de Bois and nah. Papa Travis like a monkey Holly Yep. Okay. boss Say yeah. A tiny bit dreamers are talking a lot of practical. Okay, okay. real big Ideally witty happen is I'm gonna be a man and I'm complication. I'm Andre pilli linking up with Demarcus, Aldo. What up, baby? Okay. Okay. Glad oh my God. At least clatter. Oh my God, so grabbing over actually cerebro pretty good in addition so that mahogany side. But elected the result must be gone. Nick was done in Germany No i09 9 5 3 3 5 2 0 9 3 did that mean I can prepare my is not quick. I am you better not say you young sucking meaning and I am using my goon. Let me see. He's a deadbeat, but I'm a misunderstanding. Nice all day trip us up with on a mutual understanding on a mu mu dou someone up with him. Oh boy. What a mook. Oh, yeah Billy Idol more than friends. Oh, so my lips to lips. no more than the Princesa Biola lucky unlucky proud Jenna Surprise egg in another gang Kiko and so mu mu mu mu One second supposed own more The Impossible Jimmy Cannon stumble. What boy? So what I like in a kilo guardiana go on. Old and I want to see how well I know you have any more about technology no longer 18 years old. I'm feeling more and more remote sweet and a bit unlucky. Same old same power bologna mughrabi you Caillou. Goodbye. So you got going on are you not a unicorn as a problem? Nah, but I'm not feeling lucky honey. He says let me get a duck Lonesome 15 and competent. Mmm, I tell you the gun game on a single then I deserve being. Okay. Mmm, just let me plan on anymore Elena Gabor. I can go anywhere. Elijah the majority of the bar so human bottom I'm so happy for you. So pretty much my Duncan Circle. So are you now Anna? happy: Second someone reported as a husband cabala. I think openings at the warehouse Fellowship night marketing. Is he going to live my bleep on Ian Tita be in the place to be guapa Cody Lee Jang gwon taco be next. Mommy's coming classy modern modern immoral going That's how come Coral some plan was incorrigible like yellow blocks Gap when I mean Nikita must link on some mascara on let's delete begin the install. Hmm. What do you need? At least by an appointment a doorknob got on them high and I'm gonna put Columbine and I called but I didn't like a machine Padilla be happy till encode the I think nobody important. One of them was a little parkour a little cold pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe. Tuna. I think I put him aboard the Hanna adding demon. My Roofing apply my wavering An Answer In fairness. Not what I said. Ending any Kauai and guinea I told you. I know about your punch out a little bit to the Congress only 1/100. Don't forget she salameh. Alice does jazz beat an aquifer blame Malcolm Cowley beanbag in apple is not gonna go dry shampoo. Hey Luanne with a dip in dimona saracen. Hello. Whoa, so be on the market or Libyan. Five years moment of the liberians played any Malanga. 21 CI my beers are 16 pangu, Monica. So Nate the boy monkey. Yeah, I'll get the bugs out. And I got another one will be to walk walk walk walk. Well, let me ask you a particular meaning a Walkman. What do I have? working working confirms I am one of y'all for a meal or something technical Gary something. Oh my God. That was the nickname. Hello. Tabo get some numbers. We'll be lucky if phone number. the mija My arranged on a boat anymore. Hello. Consistent using a bomb or Cardiology red enamel accumulated over a million and now they've been telling Maggie lucky lucky happened. hearing Myth number one bomb and a couple and Tobago coronavirus monopod consistent you'd come on Doc Amanda covid. Delina Ziggy, and I was just like you did. Okay, okay. I don't know my opinion. Hey one payment of my golisano college Pagoda. So no need to eat when I'm bowling a terminal. It's not going to Duncan. Oh no line. Oh my God knocking you. Only now getting government Alex doors mind. These are tan lines. Let's do this by jingoes. 0 9 9 5 3 3 5 2 0 9 3 a little bit dumb Warehouse one Corrales Avenue. Itta Bena Quick Clip In Parallel Dr. Me ganache as a CDO go award and your casa Prana was just a mango chutney. Do you not think snot thanks not thanks our data. I think our concerns our problems are gomango Tita be I called you last Thursday data be by the problems are called sister young boyfriend. If you could still remembering long as I could either be an automatic friend and talk to both sides. Or an ally and I'm an onion and I'm serious. Remember Nicole and I remember I am remembering c49 6 to get out longer. Hello. Hello. Remember was a mono you won't damage or my boyfriend Briana Devon. Yes, you can so looking back hangout canopy Pulsar bike. Yes Twi, Sunday, I seen from evening. So and I'm purpose of an Immaculate is neelima character. All right, so serious. But I wanted a big Casino do not knock on door. Hello next stop dial. friends Sighs when he saw people moving so he can go and boyfriend and not focus our friends among women and In fairness and manifest human occupancy report on what if you don't mind. Okay, so I've been a problem. Ma material no, but um, yeah so she could morning. Mmm. Yeah and the but I'm gonna lock him up. He lying or stealing Outlet diva. In Finnish, but you're not giving away more like one guy you're gonna possessive some boyfriends and my sister is possessive parent first time Nia. No, para banana, shake the hockey game maybe for the longest time. It's only see a longer day by my sister National and implement the oh banana and coronavirus. How do you know he'll be I don't have an umbrella in it looks totally more. So, uh, so so, what's your problem? I mean, so what is all the same well that good Solomon Brothers and Sisters now lots of love. Don't know what I'm getting in a problem. My attitude problem. No weakening of problema is a Keen Eye area problem- me say Sonica watching in the nude Nicolae somewhat during the day on so one of the next questions among sister. So lucky Dynamo will be turning it on purpose to know our differences don't know a real attitude and Anna didn't and you mr. McCarthy began around unsummon. Are you still you know, we leave abandoned Ababa animal Bangla we still there not too willing to understand as a young boy Frank and Olga bring Anna that night shaking. Yeah, but because I love him wheeling up on going to Guy up again with patience to understand him not forget bring an Imodium. Aneema Gita a deliberate a perfect tunnel town again a difference just from that. So buntao and Ian Kelley builds up a camel database upper level 3 Rinna going on gonna go and steal. I understand and willing to stay because so mean to say lightning a label and willing to understand and then the Kia. guinot done it yourself Then you answer it wasn't happy about Bahasa relationship. A lot of man. Are you still willing to understand ammonia typical condition common with a controversial bill in are dealing with some guy again Congress or Tiana? And I knew about it. Me not know. I keep a good critique of friends friends. Then my daily bread is so technically come now. Doing about like what's what's correct or what's wrong comic my my see idea by LaGuardia Muskoka Como. Yo Animo, then I will cut down the call. It might take a second to ask Allah go take her then I will not read any more. I will slowly kill the relationship slowly kill a relationship that had a gamble on running sides agree to be my the way. He posted on social media more about grab because victim Geisha in a murderer. Why didn't you mention her name? No problem, then then then then can I impose ePrint screened and you tell him I don't like this. We don't do you gonna name Him Home Depot and then if Congress hadn't immunization growing, you know, let's stop this caneva Immunology eco-lodge not Anonymous reasons why he stopped money earning a relationship. If I'm the girl monkey goes, you're so lucky. I'm bored. This is you know, true friends will still dealing Natalia anatomical. modern modern Malibu That's that's for me. You can imagine that you're running a time that part Nagasaki Leroy and Nia only dining again. I'm gonna shoot on a beer. I don't you take me on Facebook saying will you be my bucket? Alimony? You guys are happy. Okay, Ramona. Okay, nobody Saturday. dangerous Angela lucky dangerous You know what In fairness, I want to understand the situation of the Gaya. So I was just wondering I'm not sure but if he's close minded if Colin was a Macallan seeing lesson. Yes, it'll be some startling image of a need to know first because as I understand it Technically Tanaka red flag that the boyfriend of your sister is kinda possessive, but I was in Iraq in königsberg the more it's dangerous. So every time but you could being among shoot a shop of yaran Shah Mohammad parents the problem was this a guard Janee brother Sonny experiment married in a pod Good night. Analog system by locking both Middleton why you couldn't going to come out in fine, then don't reply then just kill the conversation. If he will call then he see Elling at your sister and then just tap the hole and the hole. Yes, you can. Give me some more the big machine up turning up in the sea. So it will affect the don't use a moron sometimes friends. Exactly so C so dumb boyfriend. Going to school and your sister loan, but I'm not going to Tha not Hashanah. We were on for the longest time. good possibilities with friends again and again Everybody but among sisters economical Below in which important number 200 is a permaculture Kya Kya promised a bow tie up a move on if the answer is no a deal inaudible are not a story on Papa. They're still young women believe that Pnina 2420 our sister 24, no doubt, but she say see. For the longest time they were friends, but still. Hands grabbing a topic. I just a pox on both Mia. Hi Joey update me. I think they're eating, you know, like, you know, I tried on and slowly. So I'm going when I walk same orbit the banquet. Undergrad slowly killing relationship, you know laid any modeling 25 go Medigap video will five five years and difference. What's he so mean to say you all are there's nothing wrong with your sister. It's the guy what a gap along concerns among us, but what if we see might abuse among whom Allah tala. Thank you. Bye. I'm Ilana and story has Spotify and I did too don't 48 times.