Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a toronto-based family and real estate lawyer a motivational speaker and upcoming author. And she has also recently launched and is the CEO of her own charity known as survivors Unleashed. So without further Ado welcome to the podcast Vanessa. Thank you for having me. So I actually had the pleasure of hearing you share your remarkable story earlier this year, but our listeners have not had the pleasure. So, can you please just give us a little bit of info of you know what we're in for today, so my story doesn't begin. Can the 90s but it certainly begins when I was a teenager and I was coerced into the sex trafficking World in Canada. And what I spoke about at speaker slam was about a particular night that changed the trajectory of my life. It literally was a two millimeter shift that changed my entire life and the shift was that I had worn sneakers instead of high heels at night in an attempt to run away and because I had sneakers on I was able to to run up a sidewalk which had ice on it and my dear friend Kelly who was 17 at the time wasn't able to move as fast as me in the sidewalk. I got picked up by a car. She didn't and that was the last time I saw her alive because the next car that picked her up was a random murderer and they murdered her that night. And yeah, so let me leaving her on that sidewalks of the last time I saw her and I've been riddled with survivor's guilt my whole life despite the immense success that I've had. I've just had this guilt. Of why was I able to survive that night? And why was she taken and and basically just guilty from you know wearing sneakers that night basically and so I decided to start telling my story and 2018 and speaker slamming February was the first time that I've probably spoken out loud about my experience in the sex trafficking World. Well, it's remarkable to know that you're here today to tell us a story to know that you're alive to tell us something like that and And you know, we're this episode we're going to we're going to break it down and go through all of it, but knowing that you had con through so much adversity. I really want to go back in time and I want to learn what was your family life like growing up. So my family life wasn't ideal in any circumstances. I did grow up in a physically abusive home my brother and I were physically abused from a very young age to our teens and At the time my biological father. He just wasn't present because his job took him out of town a lot. So he wasn't aware of the abuse. A lot of the people in the community were not aware of the physical abuse, but it was very physically and emotionally abusive behavior that was directed at me and my older brother. My brother was two years older than me. So when my brother was 17, he was you know, thrown out of the house and I guess my time was limited there too, because at 17 I was thrown into the house. I was a Sunday school teacher. I was a very geeky child and that I got straight A classes. I didn't have to study much. I read a lot. I spent a lot of time in my room reading and just gaining my knowledge from books and just being that that that student that studious child. I was obedient and and then you know my teens I started to Rebel a little bit because I came from a very strict household that we were, you know expected to follow the rules. And we weren't allowed to drink. We weren't allowed to smoke or anything like that. So, you know, I started hanging with some people that you know, my cousins and stuff. We were doing Natural Things We were experimenting with alcohol. We were experimenting with cigarettes. And and so I started to have a head a drink when I was 17 and I got caught drinking and so that kind of started this downhill by her father. Now I got caught I didn't get caught in the act. I got caught with a little bit of alcohol that me and my friends had had over the weekend and I got grounded for a month. Or something after they found the liquor. So, you know, that was my first infraction when I was about 17 and it's just when you look back and it's kind of ridiculous what kids are doing now, but back then drinking was a faux pas and so I got caught drinking and I got grounded so I was only allowed to go to my job and then come back and then you know as time went on I wanted to hang out with the cool kids, you know, because I wasn't one of the cool kids at the time and so we smoke cigarettes. We were drinking a little bit more and I wasn't following the Rules that had followed so dutifully up to the time I was 17. So I think maybe about after a couple of times would be drinking. I was asked to leave because I didn't want to follow the rules quote on quote. So I ended up being homeless. I ended up going to a rooming house that my grandfather had found for me thought he was doing a good thing and he found he set me up in the rooming house. I had a part-time job. I had enough money, you know during the summer to pay for my room that was In a house with some older gentleman. I was the only female they never usually let females in the rooming house. But I was the only young female but he thought he was doing a good thing and I was immediately targeted when I got into that house. So I suffered a sexual assault when I was in that house from an older gentleman and it happened twice and after the second time. I knew I had to get out of the house, but I didn't really have any place to go. So I based was just so coach surfing trying to find keep a place to live. I was obviously traumatized as a child re-traumatized at that early age thinking, you know, you know not thinking that I could do anything about it. I just accepted it and was like, okay, I need to find another place to live kind of thing. And so I I just got a couple of apartments that didn't work out and then I was pretty much homeless. I didn't have money for an apartment. I had by that time not able to keep up with my grades that I had in previous years because I was working so much hours in order to you know. No, buy food or alcohol or whatever. It was that I was trying to like numb myself with and ended up, you know just on people's couches and sleeping on people's couches until that welcome was worn out and I reached out to a my older brother who was living in Halifax at the time or in Dartmouth, which is their Twin Cities at the time. And so I said, you know, I have no place else to go. I can't go home because I'm not following the rules and so I wasn't welcome there and went to the city. And stayed in his room in house with him and his friend in one room while I got a job at McDonald's and I started High School there because I knew that I could get the university. I had applied for University before I had to quit school. I was working part time at McDonald's and trying to feed myself on the two days a week that I was working. I was trying to feed my brother and his friend on the two days of work that I was, you know, the two days a week pay that I was earning and sometimes they would give us free food back in the day and that wasn't enough to feed the three. A of us it wasn't enough to feed the two of us. And so he reached out for help from somebody and that somebody turned out to be my future perpetrator that happened in about a six-month period between the time that I was homeless in the time that I ended up in the city with my brother after I got introduced to his friend that he worked for I basically was still trying to go to school and survive and I was introduced Two girls like girls. I would notice coming in and out of the house. Like I was in a section of the house that I was kept separate from the girls, but I was sleeping on the floor. I was going to McDonald's I was in grade 12, so I was really trying to graduate because I knew that I needed to graduate but it just wasn't working out and I was we were literally starving me and my brother and the girls started saying, you know, hey, you know, you should do this you should do this and I was like, no, I don't know where you're going you're dressed up. I don't know what you're doing, but I'm just going to go to school and I'm going to work my job at McDonald's cause that's all I had known as a Teenager you work your part-time job and you go to school and so I was doing that for a while and then I was told that well the Colder Weather was there and then I was told by the landlord quote-unquote that I had to leave the place. I couldn't stay there in the house anymore. Unless I did the same thing that the other people did so I didn't really know what that was because I was so naive at that point in my life. So they're like you just going to go out you're going to do this. Although you do you do it for free anyway, so We'll be able to do it for money and I'm like, oh, okay. And so they did my hair and they dress me up in their clothes and they took me over there like he put me out like they called turned out so I got turned out that night by the pimp some I mean like just listening to the story and the trajectory of it seeing the way it's happened then I mean we can we can look back and saying that you know the life at home wasn't the greatest which is why it kind of LED you to go to these areas. But why do you think it was so difficult to make amends at home? And like did your did your family have any idea you're even your grandfather your brother? Did they have any idea what was happening here? No, no, no in the rooming house. Nobody knew about the rooming house. I only started talking about that two years ago. Everything was just buried. I couldn't tell my parents that happened in that house. It just was a different time different time different relationship with the parents. It wasn't like that nurturing loving relationship. So it was you do what we say. And if you don't do it then you get out. So those are a couple of times where I tried to go home and it was just conflict with step mother and myself. My father just wasn't possible if it was possible. I would have stayed in my house and went to school but it wasn't possible at the time and if you have no place to go I went with my brother who was my older brother who I thought I'd be safe with do you and your brother's do you guys still speak now? We don't speak at the time. We don't speak. No, we don't have a relationship. Okay, I mean Lego this this whole lot happened in Halifax, right? Yeah and Nova Scotia. Yeah, was it that now now that you can look back and you know how human trafficking you have a lot of knowledge on it. You're well educated and it was it that Halifax was like a hub for this kind of stuff or was happening. Cross Canada, well at the time I didn't know anything about it. I was thinking I'm going to be sleeping in a park or I'm going to do what they tell me to do. And then after the first night a piece of you disappears or piece of me disappeared because you're traumatized the trauma sets in and then you're coached and you're trained and you're brainwashed and your coerced and your watched and your prisoner. You don't get food to eat unless asking for $5 a day. You don't get you know, you don't get anything, you know, get any freedom. You're not allowed to hang around your friends your To contact your family, but it's monitored. You know, you're constantly under watch it. You're not a free person. It is pretty much slavery. Like you are just not free. So they told me in the beginning, you know after the first night. I mean, you're just trained you're like I said, you're trained they tell you you don't want to be one of the girls that go up the line. That's what they would call it. You don't want to be the girls that go up to Toronto. You never going to be seen again. You'll either get murdered or you're going to know Niagara Falls and then you're in the state's you go up to up to Niagara Falls. You're going to go to New York. If you go up the line, you're just never going to be seen again. So that was the constant threat. If you don't do what we say, we'll just send you up the line you'll get sold up the line. And so you do what you're told because well your choices are okay. I'm going to stay and Halifax where only reasonably close to my family or am I going to go up the line? God knows where like I mean is just talked about amongst the girls. On the stroll and the girls that are with your pimp. This is what happens you either you either are your within a physically abusive pimp or you're with The Pimps that traffic you and at that time. The first pimp was not he was not the type to traffic the girls outside of Halifax. So we were local was it was it difficult to to approach the police and these times? Oh you were just you were warned to you just you just didn't go to the police. You didn't talk to the police when the police came by and Talk to you you needed to be quiet you were warned. It was very clear that you were not allowed to talk to the police. I mean, it was also very clear, you know, what would happen to girls if they turned on The Pimps or where a witness or you just weren't allowed to you just weren't not pinning permitted to do it. They would find you you are constantly drilled in your head about how powerful the primp was and how he would be able to find you. And the other girls reiterate these stories, they collaborated these stories with you. Like when you're working, I mean whether it was the ones that you were working with with that pimp or the ones that were with other pimps, they all the stories were backed up. So I mean you're entering inside this game and that's what they call it. They call it the game you're entered into the game you're turned out into the game and and you learn from the people that are already in the game. So you're you're marginalized from regular people and then every day Pay your contact is with people that are in the game pimps or girls. Your world is very narrow. You don't know much else at that point. How old were majority of these female he went from 13 to 18 19. The fear was not just from The Pimps in the girls to fear was from the John's because girls would be murdered. It was happening often the time that happened in Halifax. It was murders and health xers murders all across Canada the girls in their Network would know who was killed. He was went missing and things so you would hear about it. They gave you things and tips on how to keep safe and things like that and that particular pimp would follow us in the cars. And so again, I don't know if it was following us for safety or following us for surveillance. But you were definitely we were made aware that somebody was always around looking and we were always told, you know, the reason why that person got killed was because they didn't have a pimp or the reason that girl got killed is because she she went with this one who doesn't protect her, you know, you know, it was just it was always always preach to us about why it was so important that we stayed loyal to that pimp or why we had to make sure that he was safe, you know, so we did not our lives were not our concern. Our only concern was to make money for him and to make sure he was safe and just protect him So eventually there was a night as you mentioned earlier that we're it was the beginning of the of the end of this. Yeah, so in my heart and soul. I knew I should not be at that spot doing that and I spoke about that in my speech like the whole time. Like I was an honor student I made 90s in his class. I was educated and I didn't graduate but I knew that I was supposed to be in going to Dalhousie. I would see the other students, you know partying because we'd be standing there and I would see the students to hellofax is a very big university town. So I would see the students and I would always pitch. Myself like I was like, why why am I standing here? Why am I doing this to myself? Why am I here? How do I get out? You know, how do I change things? It's almost impossible how to change things and I think it was like 6 months in so he turned me out in October at the end of October and I think it was February that I was I was really getting frustrated with the you know, the lack of freedom. I didn't have any content not really a lot of contact with my family, you know, it was just getting to my soul. So I I said I have to make a plan. I have to get out. I have to find a way to get away from this guy. So the number one rule was, you know, you never steal money from the pimp. You never steal money from their front like so I was trying to think of a way that I could just keep $20 to myself because he would follow us around and he would be able to tell what we were doing and how much money we made and things and the other girls that with the senior girls would tell us would tell them how much the younger ones would make and so I just was thinking that I would be able to like sneak $20 to myself like just keep $20 because the ticket is nine dollars to get from Halifax to my hometown a one-way ticket and I just said okay just get nine dollars and then get some money for you know, some food or something and then a taxi get a taxi. I would get one of the taxi drivers to drive me up to the base bus stop so I only was trying to make not make $20. I was trying to keep $20 and hide it in the lining of my coat or something because if we got caught stealing money, you just got the crap beat out of you like it was just you know, it was just common knowledge. So just needed to get that. $20 and I was starting to rebel and one of the ways that I rebelled that night was by not wearing my uniform our uniforms were very clear. You had to wear skirts up to your but you had to wear the high heels and you had to wear the little tops a little jackets and you had to be done up and and that night I wore jeans and sneakers. That was a No-No and I got away with it was because he was somewhere else and he didn't drive us over. So me and Kelly went over together in a taxi and when we got there, she had her shoes on and stuff and I had sneakers and jeans. He's so yeah, that's I look back at it. I'm just thinking in hindsight. Like wow, like I thought it was really doing something powerful, but I just tried to get that $20 in the first car that came by they were obviously looking at Kelly. She was younger and they pulled around the corner went up the hill Halifax has a lot of Hills so they pull around the corner. They went up the hill and I saw them and I just ran up the hill it was ice and because it was the dead of winter. It was February 26 and when The hill and turn the corner and I ran up after it and jumped in the car and I remember looking back and seeing Kelly like struggling to get around the corner on the heels and the little heels that we had to wear and just waved at her kind of joked because we were we were friends. We were like almost like sisters because we shared a house part of the house and wave was like, haha, you know, I got the car first I'm going to get warm and I'm going first and but in my mind I was thinking thank God. I'm going to get this this money to hide away. A and and get my bus home. And so after the trick, I went back and guy drops me off and I had money hidden away on the lining of my jacket and I was waiting for Kelly to get back and waited you guys going to escape together. No, no. No, we were we weren't she was from another part of the province. She was a group home child that was homeless and he found her too. So he would go he would go around the like the places where homeless. Would hang out malls. Yep, the group homes. They were always like running from the group homes. And she was a group home kid. She was a group home team didn't want to be in a group home didn't have a place to go so he took her in and then turned her out too. I mean that was the that was the theme fight with your parents. You're going to get turned out like, you know, because you're available and and we don't know that we're being targeted. Do you know when you're 17 year old kid, you just don't know that you're being targeted because you're not a member of the game everybody that's around him know. Knows what's going on? And that's a common theme like even in today when they're trying to get kids like you just don't know what's in front of you, but they know what's in front of them, you know, and that's how they target. So Kelly. No, I wasn't trying to escape with Kelly and I didn't tell Kelly my plans because he couldn't trust anybody Kelly had to take care of herself and might have thrown me under the bus so to speak and and then I would don't know what would have happened to me, but she wouldn't keep my Good save, so I didn't you know wouldn't have told her so I just got back and waited for her and she didn't return after an hour. And so nobody knew where she went. And so when she didn't return after an hour the times taking like I'm trying to go to the bus station, but I care about Kelly so I'm like, okay, I got to find this. I got to find Kelly so two hours no Kelly three hours. No Kelly and then and then you know that something's wrong. Nobody knew where she went the just knew that she was in a taxi, you know, you just know something's wrong. So we're I'm interviewing taxis every taxi that comes by I'm saying, you know check to see where this call went check to see where this call went. And then you know, did you remember picking her up? Do you remember where the call went or back-end? They would teach, you know, keep notes by papers. So they would call the dispatcher and then we found out what street that she went to and we went over to the street and we went up and down the street trying to find out they didn't know the address. They just said they got out on the street. So we were going up and down the street and it was a dead-end street. There was an apartment at the almost at the end and it was Rose Street and we didn't see her. We didn't see any signs of her no signs of life no traffic or anything and we looked until like probably four o'clock in the morning. So we didn't find her and I went back to the house and was hoping I was praying that she was out drinking with her friends because we weren't allowed to drink we weren't allowed to do drugs very strict rules. So I thought maybe she she met up with some friends and she was drunk or something and she was too too afraid to come home, but she wasn't there and then Was until the next morning when I was laying in bed, and you know, I just woke up and I heard the news on the radio and it said they found a girl's body in a garbage can on Rose Street. So I knew immediately it was her and I jumped out of bed and just went down to to her room to see if she was there and she wasn't there and I knew it was her. So yeah, I was in shock and called the police. I didn't call the police first. I had to call him first because you know, that was the rule were allowed to call the police. I was warned and you know, don't you dare say anything just say that you're her roommate. And so I I called them and told them you know, I think that might be my roommate that you found him in then that day. I had to go ID her so I was terrified shocked completely affected for the rest of my life from that situation. Yeah, that was the beginning of my quest to escape the world because that same the next day or that same day that I had to ID her was It's Heist from that I was forced to go back in the very spot and work when we didn't even know who the murderer was at that point in time. So, you know, then I knew I was I have I have to get out I have to get out somehow or I'm going to end up dead. I will be dead. So somebody will either kill me on the street or somebody or some or he'll kill me because I'm going to escape one of the one of the other what happened next. Like, how did you how did you get out? I just took these terrible decisions that I thought were better decisions. Like I thought you know No, again being naive. I wasn't a person that grew up in you know, a bad neighborhood or anything like that. I didn't know but the girls the other girls would be like, you know coercing me and talk to me up about these other pimps that I should go with and you know, they'll treat you good and they'll do this and they'll do that and they're not worried about this guy and so I got talked into by another female to go with this other guy and immediately after I chose to go with that guy. We called it chose if you Another man is called choosing a pimp. So we were not allowed to talk to other black men or look at them because if you looked at the black guy and and or the other pimp and your eyes met that meant that you chose this other pimp, so whenever a black guy came around you had to like put your head down and submission. You couldn't like look at the black man from eye to eye because you'd be afraid that you were choosing one of the ones that took girls up the line or what are the ones that beat their girls out in public or you know terrible pimps, so You know, that's what it was called. You chose a man. Just going back to the lingo. Sorry, it's hard to talk about these words. Oh, so it's okay. It's okay, whatever, you know, I chose a guy that immediately had me in a car like three hours later taking me to Montreal. So it was going to traffic me immediately but promised me that that wouldn't happen. Once I chose him. I chose him to get away from the first guy because I thought I'd be safe. No, I was on my way to Montreal and then I had to jump out in the highway not in the highway worse. They're delighted in Montreal Highway in jumped out and ran because I was terrified. I was gone against my will and here I am with these pimps and the girls in the car and we're being driven and we were going to Montreal first and all I remember was you can't go to Niagara Falls. You can't go to Toronto. You can't go to these big cities or you're going to be dead. Right? Was it? Like if you go to the city someone will find you kind of thing or know, you're either going to be traded over the Border your pimple. Take you over the Border. And then you never come back or you get murdered bad date, you know because it's a bigger city. There's crazier people bad date getting murdered or being taken over to the state's New York City was the biggest thing because it was so close to Toronto. So people would like say you're going to New York City and I couldn't even imagine what it would be like trying to survive the streets in New York city. So I was terrified I jumped out and he came chasing after me, but I was able to get to a phone booth and Keep them out of the phone booth while he was trying to they're trying to drag me out of the phone booth and get me back in the car. And I was able to dial nine-one-one on the phone booth and the police were coming and then they left they left me there. So I was able to escape that and got back to Nova Scotia and ended up talking to the first pimp and he was very, you know, oh, you know, it's okay, you know, very forgiving and loving and try to get me there and I went back because part of the coercion is, you know, just to be that loving person that you never had as a kid, you know that person that they want it's part of their game show you love and course you by feelings and things so I went back and I had Very good reminding reminder about why I shouldn't have left by you know assault assaulting me and beating me and so that was the first time I chose and then by the third time he tried I just had this logic that I had to leave to somebody who was more crazy more dangerous had more influence was part of a gang. I thought that that would get me away from the first guy and that's what I did. I kept choosing. bad people until I got to one of the worst and went to that person. And so that was the hardest person it was to escape from him. And that's who I ended up escaping from in the long run after the 18 months. It took me a while, but I ended up escaping him because he had traffic me. He was the one that he was one of the ones to traffic the girls all across Canada and the states and so he had traffic me to Montreal Ottawa, Winnipeg. Toronto was next but I escaped in Ottawa so I didn't have to go to Toronto because I I just couldn't go to Toronto. He just was like I have to get out of these I have to get out like I mean in desperation and God got me out the night in Ottawa when I did finally escaped. I did finally escaped an Ottawa. So so from then onwards, you know, you escape you're out of this world. I know that your journey then starts to to law school. Yeah, but before law school like my journey You know, I was this teenager and my dad, you know got me in an office doing what he thought was best coming in an office right away every dad got you an office job. Yeah, cuz he had companies so I went to work for his company and it was like within two weeks. So here I am running for my life and Ottawa running for my life literally in Ottawa and up in the small town and he's like, okay you're gonna go to work and I'm like, okay, so no counseling nothing. No, no treatment. Just go to work. You have to get a job. So I'm like, okay, so I start working and I work for him and like immediately and then I work for him for about a year and then I decided that I was going to go to university and so I had to go back to high school. So I think it was about a year and then I was back in high school when my son was about nine months old and I had to go back and take courses to get into University and I did and then I received a scholarship to go to university of Dalhousie and then I finished my first degree at st. Mary's amazing and then I got The school is while I was at st. Mary's and then I went to law school, but I want to I want to I want to talk back about something. Hmm the word pimp. I personally do my best not to use that word because I know that there is a connotation, you know, I know that that word holds. Wait, how do you feel when you hear about it like in music and it's being thrown around like it's nothing but it means something far deeper. Well, it's a part of hip-hop culture to use the word pimp. I like it's just it's the world we live in but I don't think to myself personally. It doesn't really affect me because anybody who's probably using the word Loosely was not affected by the real meaning of the word. I mean, I've been at conferences where Vice police are talking about the word pimp and their connotation is from a knowledge of what power the pimp has. Over the people that they traffic their knowledge of it of the violence that is you know, DVD out to the people that they're trafficking to fear that they're inflicting on their victims. It's different when you hear it in a song it's not the same so I'm not going to be affected by it. But when I do go to these conferences, like I cannot listen to those speeches by the police officers because there's too much triggering and so I have to leave the room, right, right. Yeah. Yeah, and maybe not at that point when you're younger, but did you ever get to seek some counseling for know? I think that the Depression started while I was in university. I think it was my first bout of depression. But when you're young you're not sure and it's so hard to believe but I was not sure what was causing the depression all I thought I thought it was external circumstances that were causing me to be sad, but it was all internal it was I was childhood trauma. It was adolescent trauma. It was adult trauma and recurring trauma like you don't come out of something. Like I came out of clean you don't come out unaffected. And so I think when I was just doing my schooling and doing and and excelling at school again and going to law school and raising my son, I wish I just kept myself busy. I had a hundred Hobbies so I would just keep myself completely busy my brain or my body never had. Any time to process what I was going through so it would come up in the forms of depression the recurring depression. It wasn't just about a depression when I when I would get depressed. It was like suicidal and people would say, you know, what's wrong you have everything you're a lawyer or you're going to law school like she should be happy. You should be this you should be that and I never even knew the words because it was a secret and it was a well-kept secret about my life. I could not tell them. Well, I just didn't even have the words myself to Why I was so depressed. I would I would not know why I was so depressed because I didn't know what my diagnosis probably really was doctors would just say, oh you're just depressed you're depressed take this medication. I wouldn't take the medication. They just take this medication do this do this. I just never knew to Mike or what was causing it until you know, being a lawyer is very very stressful and I got to the point where I was just unable to cope anymore with the stress of having my own firm and to yes of that is put on you by your clients and I did Family Law, which is a very stressful area of Law and I just didn't have coping skills. And I just really didn't understand why I couldn't handle anything anymore because I had handled so much in my life and it wasn't until then when I really sought out some trauma related trauma related therapy because I didn't even think about PTSD or complex PTSD. This was how many years after? Well, I think it was I was a lawyer. For about 15 years and then I was just like okay, I can't do this. I need a break. I need to shut down. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I was off work for about two years. Okay. Yeah, just because I just didn't know what was wrong with me and that I used to get so much anxiety and chest pains and physical and migraines and physical symptoms and the doctors were just baffled. They didn't know why I was so sick until I went to a therapist and she was saying and it was the first time that I was honest with the therapist. So Halifax is a very small town and I was terrified of people finding out about my past this this big cloud with the past on it always was in behind my head the pasta people are going to find out about your past. Like people would tell me. Oh, you can't do this because of your past or you know, how could you run for politics about your past? Like, you know, even family members we can't do this because of your past like it was always mentioned my past. And so I really truly believed that my past would ruin me my past would ruin my legal career my past would take away my law degree and would take away my license to be a lawyer. My clients would all find out how disgusting I was from my past and that they would leave me and so it was a well-kept secret. I mean I had scripts for people to say all are you Vanessa times? It's been s times. I'm like no. No, that's the other Vanessa times, you know, there's two other Vanessa times in this town. So I will be able to say oh no, that's the other Vanessa times right just to hide in my eye. Identity hide in plain sight so to speak. I mean I would be at the provincial building. It's called Province house in Nova Scotia and it's literally on the Block where Kelly where I last saw Kelly walking. So every time I went to a ministerial function because I was a well respected lawyer. I would look out the window I'd walk to my car. I would be thinking I'm walking the same block where Kelly last walked so I knew about the secret, but nobody else did so it was just something that I never was honest about so this counselor was the first person that was actually honest with about my life circumstances about My Teenage life about Kelly about everything and you know, she was she shocked me after our very first initial meeting saying this is one of the most heroic stories I've ever heard in my career you are have to In the top 10 and I was like what I like what she talking about. I didn't even understand the gravity of what she was saying and then she you know, they basically diagnosed me with complex posts or complex post-traumatic stress disorder, which is recurring trauma recurring long-term trauma and you like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing. Woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships the decisions I made with my decisions that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. So again, this was the very first time that I spoke openly to anybody and I started to think differently about my experience. So that was not until about 2016 or something. Yeah. So being it's such a vulnerable place at a young age with everything that you've gone through. We ever cautious or insecure When approaching romantic relationships in your adult life. Oh, yes your yes. I'm laughing but not laughing at the same time romantic relationships were a mess. I thought that love was a very dark thing. I didn't know what love was I didn't know. That love could be kind I didn't know love could be gentle and nurturing and I thought love came with physical violence emotional turmoil. I thought love came from anxiety that feeling of anxiety in your you're in your stomach, but it didn't love is very beautiful. I didn't know that so my relationships mostly mirrored the ugly kind of love so that led to a lot of personal turmoil that you know, my personal life was always a mess. My professional life was on point. Like I was the best lawyer for everybody. I was an advocate in court fighting for people's rights, but then I would go home and be in an abusive relationship, you know physical relationship. So ya know my relationships were a mess because of the trauma suffered as a teen approaching men were messed up. The black men situation like I never had confidence with black men because I was trained very early on about what black men were all about and and I'm saying this quote-unquote. Obviously, I left the black man, but it's just like when you're trained at such a young age and you have these stories and fed to your mind or to the mind. Yes, everything was warped relationships friendships. Every kind of interpersonal relationship was warped except for the my professional ones by professional ones were always straight. What but I do know that I you're married on a high you're happily married happily married. Now what was different about that relationship that made it that that made it possible for you to see that you know love is this this amazing thing? Well, I'd love to give all the credit to my husband because he's a wonderful guy, but my first truly loving relationship was with my first love in University who knew about my past. Was super supportive very loving actually showed me what real true unconditional love was so having that as the first relationship post trafficking, you know, I had latched onto that so strongly and then he had to go back to India because he was an international student. So all my relationships never measured up to that until I met my current husband and so when I met my current husband and his qualities and how he loved me and how he he supported me and how he just you know, he is my number one fan. He is the one that is Lifting me up and just making me do these amazing things because he's the one that encouraged me to go public. I always thought that my husband would be ashamed of my story would be ashamed of my life. I never thought that somebody could love me through it. I never thought that somebody could support me. I never thought that somebody could Just love that awful ugly disgusting part of me. And he does he loves every little last bit of me good or bad. He loves me through everything and is 110 percent supportive of me doing this Venture telling my story being open about it because he knows he's a police officer for Toronto police. So he sees the other side of life and he he knows that my story is inspirational. He's the one that said you must tell your story. He pressured me to move. Ontario he knew that I was suffering and Halifax in Halifax met in Halifax. We met down south because in a depression, I would get a depression and I would go I would leave I would just leave my surroundings for a week. And so I had left on my own and went down South by myself and met him down south while he was there with his rights. No to the Punta Canter's and try it again. And so I was alone and he would see me eating alone. And then we talked and it was just like he's a police officer. So So I was at the time doing my masters in law international human trafficking and how the criminal laws wouldn't support the treaties that that the UN was proposing at the time and this was in like 2011 ish 2012 and I met him in 2013. So when I met we started talking he was talking about his interest in sex trafficking and human trafficking unit and Toronto and I was saying, oh, wow, you know, I'm doing my thesis in that and so we immediately Really clicked but you didn't know why I was doing the thesis of that like that was a part of me trying to like do something like on the down-low about sex trafficking because it was in the headlines and it was starting to gain like International attention like sex trafficking is a thing. It happens. It's in Canada. It's in the United States. That was my little secret of way of trying to do something for sex trafficking but not telling my secret. So anyway, I met him and yeah, the rest is history. We're still together. So I mean in our friendship because we were friends because we didn't live in the same Province he and I was coming out of another, you know, abusive relationship and in our friendship, we shared our secrets and in our friendship, we told everything to each other and he still loved me as a friend and he just he just loved me and the love was so beautiful. I couldn't ignore it. So I mean I was just like wow, this guy really loves me. And he still does, you know tell us more about you know, you know in your journey in law school, you're you know, you've graduated you've done your you've done your undergrad in sociology. So I did my undergrad in sociology with a concentration in the criminal justice system or criminology. So I was on my way to being a parole officer. I wanted to work in the prisons. It was my it was my it was my calling just to be on the national parole board. I really wanted to be on The national parole board because I thought that I could help people redo their lives. Now if you look back at it and what I didn't realize hindsight's 20/20. I thought I would be excellent at a profession that would help people rehabilitate their lives now because I did and so if I could do it I could help other people do it. So that's what drove me to that and so, you know, my my friend from India he was saying You get straight A's why are you not applying to law school? Why do you want to be a parole officer? But for me and my past anything that wasn't on the street was a good career. So I was like, I could be a social worker. I could be a parole officer and he was just he pushed me to aim higher, you know, he came from a very wealthy Indian family in New Delhi. And so, you know their goals are you know, yes for there goes our big my family from yeah, so there was no social workers in the family. I'm so if I was going to remember that family I needed to go to law school. So he was just like apply to law school get good better grades. You need to get better grades. Like even my parents didn't hurt by my grades as much as he did and he was just like that that person in my undergrad saying you only got an a-minus. Why would you only get an a-minus? Let's be like, oh my God, but he pushed me like nobody had ever pushed me with love, you know thinking about my future and yeah, he pushed me and I applied and I got in and so Rest is history. And where did your passion for family lost em from so I just knew all through law school, you know, I didn't fit in with their other students. I obviously was marginalized student. I was a single mom and I was a single mom Black Law student and very well aware that I was a black student in Nova Scotia, or there wasn't very many black law students there and I just didn't fit in with the regular students. I I just didn't well if you look at my life and look at their lives and the people that were in law school that is not my crowd. That is not what I experienced in my life. So it was very hard to build rapport with those people. It was very hard to maintain friendships with those students. And so, you know, I just had a very different experience in law school. I wasn't trying to be working for corporations. I wasn't trying to be getting rich, you know as I said before. Thing was golden. I was just happy I was in law school here. I am going to law school this girl who came from my life. And this all had to be like internal Jubilation. Okay. Now my parents would probably realize that you know, wow, she's came this far like, you know, she's amazing or maybe they didn't say amazing. But you know, they were proud of me. My dad was certainly proud of me because they knew the struggles. They the ones that helped me through the struggles with my son, but you know, my interpreted my internal Jubilation was just internal because nobody knew, My life, but I didn't get along and I just knew that I had to help people. I've always known that I wanted to help people in their in their lives. Whatever I could do. I was going to serve individuals. And so when I had taken family line, ooh, I love family law. I thought it was going to be criminal. I thought it was going to be criminal because I had a criminology background, but then first your criminal law took that out of me, so I knew that wasn't gonna happen and then I decided to just move forward in the family law Direction and that's where I focus my training on and in my articling position. I went to a Person that did family law for 40 years and learned the trade learned how to be a family law lawyer what have been some of the biggest challenges you faced in the world of family law. My biggest challenge that I have never been public about was and it's one of the stories that I share. My book was being in Halifax and doing Children's Aid law and being around individuals that were in the sex trafficking world when I was in it not you know, Six seven years ago before then and trying to hide in plain sight wondering if they could recognize me wondering if they knew who I was, you know, did they know who I was I just didn't know I would go into court. They would see me and I would say, okay. Well, nobody said anything. Nobody said anything at all. So my secret safe or one time when there was a case involving one of The Pimps from the family that I was at and I was waiting for that pimp to walk in the courthouse because I was on the other side of the file that way. For that pimp and I was waiting and for them to say and and my secret would be out. That was the biggest challenge being in such a small town where people knew my face from those times, even though it was only 18 months. They would recognize me and if my secret would be told there's a there's a tabloid in Halifax called Frank and you know people secrets are out at all. The time lawyers speakers were out at all the time because it's old papers. Everybody likes to see a lawyer having a hard time and I knew that if they knew anything it would be in that thing that Frank magazine and every month. It came out I waited every month. I came out it came out. I waited to see if my face would be in it or my name would be in it. That's that's the biggest challenge I had is being a lawyer is it hard to not bring that kind of? Cell phone with you. I don't think I didn't bring it home. No family was like one of those things that you have to have an arm's length away from so as a lawyer, we're not emotionally involved. We're not personally involved. So we're not we don't usually bring it home. The biggest thing that we brought home for me was, you know, relationships don't work and because of my personal life that was that was true, you know relationships don't work, right so I don't think that anymore because my relationship is still working. So I hear you can as a 50% divorce rate. I mean I hear about these Things and being a young guy that wants to eventually one day get married and start a family that kind of kind of does discourage you a bit. Does it really discourage you is over 50% actually it's over 50% in a little bit. Yeah, I mean it and not okay here. Here's the thing when you grow up thinking. Oh, that can't be me. That's just lie here on the news like you're hearing it in my inner circle and it's not just something you hear about someone in a Faraway land. It's in your own backyard. So yeah, I did. It is it is a bit discouraging. So the thing that I see and just being practicing I because I've I've practiced almost 20 years and there's been a shift since I started practicing when I started practicing a lot of the Baby Boomers were getting divorces. So you were seeing marriages of 30 years 25 years over 30 years splitting up but now the relationships people are unhappy they're getting divorced divorce is so accessible now in the courts are so accessible like they've never been before people just end their relationship. Easy people do not stay in their relationships long. Why is that look from your expense? Just Society Society such temporary, you know, look at the technology. Everything is so temporary. Well, something new is going to come around or this isn't working. I'll just go buy something new same thing with a marriage. That's what I see in my office. The I mean, I guess the on the flip side of things at least people are still getting married. People are still getting married are getting married. I think less and less people are getting married. Now I think a lot of people are doing common law relationship because the way the law goes for myself family law. It's very it's very exhaustive when you're married and you realize oh, yeah, the Family Law act says we're going to get fifty percent. So a lot of people stay common law they want to keep things separate a lot of cohabitation agreement a lot of domestic contracts marriage contracts prenuptial agreements people need there's a lot of money in society that people need to protect there's inheritances people are inheriting their mortgage-free homes, and then a spouse comes in and then Honestly, it's 50/50. So you'll see a lot more contracts than than not like that. I've seen in years past. So it's a much more protected. Yeah type of relationship now, that's definitely discouraging. Yeah it is. I mean it is but um, I guess like like you said like there's a lot more protection it gives you a lot more knowledge now than I think it's education that people didn't have. Yes exactly at a certain time. So at least you know in today's society were much more educated. Gated and you know where I live at least we can think of few times before getting ourselves into something and I think people whose know that they have options. Now people know that they have options no longer the females that are getting married. They have to be you know, Todd staying that relationship. There's a child support guidelines or spousal support the courts very protective of those rights and financially protecting the rights of children. So yeah again, I guess it's just accessible and people have and so I think that's very they're very aware now correct your your Law Firm is current law kiir what does that stand for so kiir is something that I developed a few years ago with my lawyer coaching business it stands for knowledge investment return so when I was coaching young lawyers I would just I think that if you have the proper knowledge and you invest time and effort and focus in your business then you're going to get that return and so that's where I came up with care and I just really liked it my Foundation was called KR foundation and that stood for Kelly is real my book title my working book title is I am real and it just it all flows together with you know my story is a real story the victims are real real the survivors are real their needs are real so that was why the foundation was called kelly Israel however we wanted to reach a broader audience with the foundation And we wanted to make sure that it wasn't localized. So we changed the name the board we voted on it. We changed the name to survivors Unleashed International. That's the name of your organization. Yes. That's the name of the organization now it was kiir Foundation, but then we changed it to survivors International survivors Unleashed International what is survivors unleash International survivors Unleashed Internationals our not-for-profit that basically is there our mission is to provide long-term financial support to survivors of sex trafficking. Who are attending post-secondary educational programs? So one of the requirements we have for applicants is that they've already been accepted and or attending their post-secondary education because we want them to be committed when I look back at my life. I wasn't committed a year out of trafficking. I wasn't committed two years out of trafficking. I became committed when I was like, okay, I need to economically change my future for my son. And that's when I was physically mentally. You name it I was fully committed to my future and we want people to be committed to their future. It's very hard to get out of the lifestyle. It is very hard. You might you know, the adult people that were trafficked in their use they're doing it at a survival because they feel like they have no other option and then the people that are are out and they could be going to school they don't have any money. So or anything else comes it's very hard to cope with challenges. So sometimes return into the life if their economics are challenged during a transition a lot of people who may be transitioning into a new life because of the the depression the recurring depression because of the trauma will try to hurt themselves if they don't see any hope because the coping skills are just not there. So we want to be that that Big Sister Big Brother to anybody who's going through this transition. We want to be there if you can't buy groceries because you're in school will buy your groceries if you need a bursary to help You books will buy your books. If you can't pay your rent this month or buy Christmas presents for your son and you're in school. We will buy those presents for you. Like we want to be there to help because these are these are real experiences that I had to go through. You know, I remember going through law school. I had no money. My parents would bring me bags of groceries on Fridays for so my son could eat I would make meals that would last two days for him and I would need I would have tea and wouldn't eat because I didn't have the money one month. I would pay the light bill one month out pay the cable bill. So either or I either had cave one month or didn't have it them. I became friends with the cable guy. He was there to disconnect my cable. So many times like those are little things that you need help with when you're going to school and you need support with because people coming in that light. They don't usually have the support of families because they're in there because of what happened with their families. I was fortunately very happy, you know, my family after my son came along and they knew that I was, you know, helping myself they were very, you know, helpful and getting me through school and the longer I was in school the more they helped so they were pretty happy about time I became a lawyer started making money once your family actually finally did hear the story what was their reaction they were not happy that I talked about childhood abuse they you know and the way that I delivered it because I was terrified to come public with my story I had to do it in one big swoop I had joined Tony Robbins Platinum Partners last year and he had counseled me in July actually I do joined their Platinum Partners is where you just travel around with Tony and and this group of people that are wonderful people that you just go to all the events with and you really do self-development and healing whatever it is that you're trying to do you're getting advice from not only Tony but other people that are going through their own struggles and people are really telling you how to process things and whatever so Tony had counseled me like in front of 10,000 people in Chicago and was like why are you limiting yourself like what do you need to tell yourself what are three things that you need to tell yourself that you could actually achieve what it is that you're trying to achieve and just those little tiny questions in that prompting by this big person called Tony Robbins was just enough pretty tall no God he's big he's big eyes big guy big boys big guy big effect yeah so you know going around with this group of people just gave me the strength to actually just do it one of the events that he makes you stand on a telephone pole and jump off the telephone bold he says you know look at that telephone pole is a metaphor of what you need Overcome in one of the things that I need to overcome was coming public with my story and talking about why was I homeless at 17? Why was I targeted and my family did not know about II could have delivered it better to my family. So I didn't and I hurt some feelings and there's still some bad feelings there. But because they're hurt their feelings are hurt. I didn't really consider in my need to have the strength to come out and do this for my charity. I never considered their feelings. So, you know, it was hard. It still is hard. We I just don't talk about it with my family what's going on in my charity and stuff like that? Yeah. No, the the makes sense one. So there's this quote that I really like. It's like a quote that's been resonating with me a lot lately and I've been living by tonight. And when I hear your story I all I hear is this quote it said be who you needed when you were younger be who you needed to be when you were younger. Yeah be who you needed when you were younger. It's going to make me emotional. And then when I when I when I keep thinking about your story you're in a very great place now and I'm happy to see it. I can see it in you you look well and when you look back, do you still ask yourself? Why me or why not me? No, I don't lie. Don't ask that question anymore. I know that in my soul. I needed to be in that spot. I needed to go through what I've gone through in order to be the woman that I am today every single one. Of those experiences that I endured and went through in my use and in my adulthood I needed to go through because the universe gives you what you need. You might not want it and when you want it, but the universe always gives you what you need. So it was that was my plan. I mean that was God's plan. I say that it was God's plan for that to happen to Kelly for that to happen to me because it needed to put me where I am today and that is being an advocate for this horrible. horrible phenomenon that's in our world and being that person that I need it when I was there I needed that person to be saying to help lift me up to help me get through and that's what I want to be for people so I'm incredibly appreciative of my experiences I don't have any victimhood from anything anymore any longer was it difficult to keep faith in God I was brought up in the church so no it wasn't and then when I was on the street early in my my turn out time a lady came by and she came and talked to me and we weren't allowed to talk to people and so I was trying to get away from her and she kept saying to me I'm going to pray for you I'm going to pray for you I'm going to pray for you to have a guardian angel to keep you safe and I'll never forget that that one moment in that time of this woman saying you know I love you and I'm going to pray for you and you're going to be taken care of with the guardian angel and I was taken care of by a guardian angel and that only strengthened my belief when I was not picked that night to be killed yeah I know I was I was watched by Guardian Angel and Ottawa I was watched by in her guardian angel every time I escaped and they you know kidnapped me and beat me and I I was just watched over it was something other than myself it wasn't just me so injury short my strength was or my my faith was strengthened over the years there's many themes that resonate with this story but this is one of the greatest stories I have ever heard which is why I invited you here and just to see your perspective going through all these situations and I hope that you know I hope that anyone who needs the strength from listening to this can get that and we'll get that but when I listen to this your story like now that I have all these details like I'm wondering why is this not a movie ha ha ha that's what my book agent is saying what is this movie rights movie rights are you currently do you have anything in the works oh no my agent I have an agent a transatlantic agent Rob firing who is my book agent in my speaking agent and he is busily working on getting me a deal for my book and for movie rights he's he does is that he does international book rights and Publishing rights and with right so I that is not my world so I have a professional that does that and my book is in process and we have a documentary coming out or I have a documentary coming out I'm a part of a documentary that's coming out in January and February it's called Outlaw and it's called yeah it's called oatmeal and it's highlighting sex trafficking around the world of follows a girl front in Thailand they go to Thailand then they come back to Canada because you know the producer is very shocked that Happening in Canada. So prevalent lie. So I'm that's going to be released. It's a CBC docu-series sponsored by Bell Media and it's coming out in February. So that's probably you know, my book agent. I'll be getting lots more pressed because of that. It's probably going to be around the time when my agent gets very busy. Yes. Yes. No, and I'm looking I'm excited to watch that. I'm really looking forward to that and you know, what like for you blessing me to be he being on my podcast that I will do everything in my power to make sure that at this can one day won't be a movie. I will do what I can I will do what I can there if you know, we've covered, you know quite a bit today and this is you know, this has been a remarkable. I got to I got to sit with it for a couple of days. Sorry. No, not so much. This is what I want like yeah. This is what I want on this while I want people to hear the stories. Like I said it's and we need to hear this perspective. We need to see the world from your your lens because if there's people that are going through similar things or if there's people that are going to Sort of hardship knowing that you can go from being down and no and triumphant success. So I and I'm truly grateful for this opportunity before we go. I want to ask you if for anyone who is listening for anyone who whatever the situation may be, whatever sort of barriers they have whatever it may be where can they find that hope to get out? There's a saying that we say and I say to myself that all we need is already within ourselves. So they need to find the hope within themselves. But first we often look externally reach out. You just have to ask for help. Once you ask for help that help will come flooding in don't be afraid to reach out to police officers. They're very educated now in in helping survivors and victims of sex trafficking just let people know where you are. Don't be afraid to reveal the Dirty Little Secret that you have that dirty little seeker can just help you along your life and if I hadn't been afraid I God knows what I would have done but if I was abused in this world where everybody is aware of the problem and want to help and there's so many organizations that help that we didn't have just tell somebody tell anybody every person that's a professional is trained in helping survivors so just reach out and grab onto something and then look inside yourself elf because everything you need is already within you everything all the hope all the faith all the love you don't need to get it from anybody you already have it beautiful beautiful very well said so Chip Vanessa I really want to thank you for coming on to the podcast for those who would like to follow you on social media how can they go about finding you they can find me on Instagram at that Vanessa Jazz they can find me on Facebook at the Vanessa Jazz LinkedIn it's all the Vanessa Jazz so Vanessa Jas s that's how you find me wonderful well thank you and and thank you for listeners for ting and tuning in and we hope you guys enjoy this episode Thank you all for tuning in to this week's episode of the finding perspective podcast. If you enjoyed this week's episode and learn something new. Please hit subscribe and share this podcast with your friends and family to stay up-to-date with all things finding perspective. You can follow us on Twitter Instagram and Facebook at finding prospective podcast. You can also find me on Instagram add underscore compelled. I hope you have a great week until next time.