Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives.Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday and Saturday between March 6th and April 25th times listed in game. You will have the chance to compete for hype rewards at the conclusion of each three-hour event. The top-performing Agents of each ghost and Shadow tournament will win the following hyper Awards based on their final ranking. So the top one percent will getHundred hype the top 5% will get 375 the top 10% will get 250 the top 20 will get a hundred ninety and the top 50% will get a hundred twenty-five. For operatives looking for more of a challenge. We're in introducing hype night plus pee 300 hype bus fare for the opportunity to win even more hype than normal after the more challenging three-hour event. The top-ranked agents of each ghost in Shadow, hype night plus will be rewarded with more than with more lucrative hype rewards. So the top one percent will receive one thousand to five. 1250 hype the top 5% will receive 950 top 10% will be 625 top 20% will be 475 and the top 50% will get 300. So you just winning back that 300 basically so that you break even. please note that the two fa is required to play and Hyper words will be granted within 24 hours of completion of the tournaments, but hype will be pulled via the bus fare for hype night plus immediately at the start of your first match remember hype night and height night plus are not cash tournaments for chapter 2 season to our goal is to improve performance before kicking off any cash prize competitions will keep you posted with schedule updates as soon as possible And here you go guys, we've done a couple of test events now and then they've also talked they also talked about it here where you know, I think that really encouraging people to play in these Heights because it's going to help them get the data that they need to fix. It issues that they need to fix so that we can once again start getting those cash prize tournaments, which always make it fun and exciting to watch or play in yourself for me, you know. Especially as if you were it's always fun because people get you know, especially if they announce some sort of actual tournament, you know that culminates at the end of a season. That has big prize money. That's when people get real serious about playing competitive. And as just as a viewer makes it really fun to watch people go on that journey of trying to get to the big tournament and make that big money, you know, so I think if we all pitch in and play these hype nights, I guess it will help them out so that we can get those back as fast as possible. So there's that. Let's see here. What else I want to mention. Over on the Fortnight status page. They release the maintenance patch on iOS. They say head to the App Store now to download the latest update and here's here's the big one that I saw posted today with the improvements. We've made to aim assist we plan to remove use the Legacy look controls setting on March 13th. So a week from now to use the new settings and maintain your legacy sensitivities select copy from Legacy and Controller options and toggle off use Legacy look controls. No players who have used who have used Legacy look controls enabled when the setting is removed will have their legacy sensitivities automatically converted to the new sensitivity settings. Okay, so I've seen some people ask what does this mean for Amos hist? So the Legacy settings are the settings that you can do the L2 and it helps you lock on so that you can do the L2 spam. This is the one that you will see most people complaining about, you know, the all the clips that you'll you'll find on the internet of people complaining about aim assist is the is the L2 spam especially right now. In the current build, they it got broken again to where it is tracking players through corn and through walls. So that's that's going away. There will be no more L2 Amos is so everything is going to move to linear. I have been using linear since they made it an option. So I'm already used to it. If you're somebody who when they said, you know, we're putting out a new aim assist. It it to help to make it easier for tracking a player but you decided to go back to Legacy settings and use the L2. This might be a little bit harder for you to get used to but for me, it didn't take too long to get used to I actually like the linear better just because it is easier to track a player before I felt like I could not keep up with. A PC players because when you're using an analog stick, there's really not a good range of control you can move. You know you you can move it. You can move your stick just barely and it will hardly go anywhere or you know, you can Then you know what am I trying to say here? There's no good spot consistent spot to move your stick to get the consistent speed of motion that you want to track a player like like you can with a mouse. But since he added the linear tracking it does make it a whole lot easier to do and I prefer that versus using the L2. So who knows maybe this will lead to less complaining but I'm sure the pros whenever they die. They will find though. They'll still find a way to come plane and blame it on aim assist and controller players instead of blaming. On themselves, but we'll see how this goes. I'm actually I'm for this just because how the aim assist has been broken with the L2 recently. It's been re-broken and you know again, you know, tracking players through corn and walls and stuff. Let's see what else we have. Oh, you know what earlier tonight? So they there was an issue with the hype night tournament rules preventing some players from queuing into high tonight. So the height might tournament windows will be extended by 45 minutes for the Brazil and NA East server region, you know, I'm not yeah, I think it might already be over by now because I'm over here on in a West but so I think it's already over even with that 45-minute extension for those regions, but Just so you're aware. If that was something you were playing earlier on any Easter Brazil servers tonight. That was a thing. Let's he here. I think that's all I got for new. So let's go ahead and move on to a challenge to have a now I'm going to talk about the Deadpool challenge that we have which is fine. Deadpool's plunger and Destroy toilets in you need destroy three of them now to get Deadpool. Plunger you're going to go to you know, the Deadpool you go. You got to go through that little vent. You'll see Deadpool is actually sitting at the computer now playing on controller. By the way, at the computer you will you know go into computer then it will tell you the challenge find it pulls toilet plunger. So then you back out of there you will head over to the agents room. Go into TNT TNT Tina's room and then over on the right hand side of the screen on the wall. You will see a plunger you just go over there and select that then you have as plunger you Back to the Deadpool's room go to the computer again, and it tells you that you need to break toilets. It's three in total and to break the toilets. You actually have to play matches. It's not like something that you, you know, you find in any of the other rooms you actually break the toilets that are on the Battle Royale map while you're playing and really you could go anywhere for this Pleasant Park. So what he's saying is Misty Meadows, Any areas where you're going to be able to find houses that have bathrooms with toilets in them? So there you go. That's how you do that challenge and then we'll do the other challenges throughout the rest of the week. But for now, let's take a break. We'll come back and we'll go over the item shop today possibly a tip as well. Hey guys. I am excited to tell you once again about anchor the number one place to make a podcast. Why do I say that because it's free. It's easy. It's everything you need to make it podcast in one place. You can record and edit inside the anchor app. You can also do this on the anchor website. They have tools to help you make your podcast logo. There's Tools in there to help you make Transitions and make your podcast smooth and silky. They'll distribute your podcast. Everywhere for you places like Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can even make money from your podcast by reading ads like I'm doing right now download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. All right, let's go over this item shop a really cool item shop that we have today. We have new Item B Echo outfit. Are you real or just a reflection and they say that because this has selectable Styles and these Echo. This is part of the twin Echo set so you have the default style and the inverted style and the default you're wearing a black shirt gray pants. You have I guess gray hair and black glasses. And then if you go to the inverted, it's literally the inverted of all of those but the Character model they're twins, but they are inverted so pretty cool Concept in. For this outfit I like it. It comes with the true affection true reflection back bling to True Originals one perfect pack and then it comes with a default style and the inverted so the default is, you know, like that gray and black and the inverted is also gray and black but On the opposite side. So I guess the default is gray on the top and black on the bottom and then you know, the inverted is black on the top and gray on the bottom. So there you go for that. That's 1,200 be bucks for that set. I think it's pretty cool. You also have the inversion blades harvesting tool a powerful mix of Darkness and Light. This is also part of this twin Echo set I really like the way these look they're fine. Jude V bucks you can also get a dark version of this or the light version you have the echo jet glider. Twin turbo Echo class jet prototype. Also, you know a dark and a light version for this one as well. So pretty cool. This is 800 V bucks. We have the battle Hound outfit that comes with the crested cape black blank for mm V bucks and the silver Fang harvesting tool for 800. The snorkel Ops outfit is backing here for 1200 this A great one the grid outfit for 800 the flippant incredible emote for 500 The Echoes rap for 300 and this is also part of the new set. It only has one style they could have done this one inverted as well as what they should have done. But it's the same like gray and black color scheme as the rest of the set. You have the Livin Large emote and this deemed emote. This is a new emote 200v bucks. Let off some steam your character Stomps like they're throwing a fit and then you have Steam. Coming out of your ears because you are so mad. I absolutely love this one. Especially it's only 200 D bucks. Alright, let's see here guys. You can get all these items using Code my caddy. Mmm. I ke dadd why in the item shop and the proceeds will go to help support the show. Now. Let's go ahead and do a tip of the day. So for my tip of the day since we're talking about height, not hype nights and playing Arena earlier. Here's what I'll say and I've said this a million times, but I think it's always a good reminder, especially if we're going to try to get more people. Into playing these and it's to find your drop spot and just figure out your your Loop path that you're going to take when you are rotating and stick to it the advantage of doing this is that you always know you have a great. Knowledge of that area you're going to know where the items are, you know chest floor spawns in that area. You're already gonna know where they are so that you can set yourself up with the best possible load out as fast as possible at the beginning of the match also being able to harvest your materials as fast as possible at the beginning of the match so that you'll be ready for the mid-game and and game but then also for the rest of the match If you keep going to one area, you'll kind of always know where the possible areas are where people will be coming when you're rotating when other people rotating. You'll always have a really good idea of where other people are rotating in from that might cut you off you'll know. Okay, if I'm rotating if I have to rotate this way from this spot, then these are the danger spots that I might run into players or if you have to go another either way, then you go. Okay. Now, you know the other the other spots that you have potential risk of running into more players and you will figure out how to avoid them. Also, you know, depending on the the storm circles you might have to take different paths to get into the circle and if you keep going to the same spot all the time, you'll kind of learn multiple paths to get you know, whether You know, you have to go west or east or north or south or north west or south west or whatever directions. You have to go it changes every match. You'll know. Okay, when I have to go this way, this is the best way to go or if I have to go north. This is the best way to go if I have to go south. This is the best way to go you'll you'll get to know all that and that's just going to you know, having that 200 IQ in game is going to help you win more matches and score more points in those hype nights and din arena in general. All right guys, that's episode for today go during the daily for night Discord and hang out with this follow me over on Twitch Twitter and YouTube might be hiding on all of those head over to Apple podcast of a five star rating and a written review for a shout-out on the show. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss an episode and until next time have fun. Be safe and don't get lost in the storm.