Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything.You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an epilogue files. I'm kidnapped suck and I'm happy to report we're interviewing people again. I love when I do that because that's what the show is built on and then it became a podcast feed and not every show in the feet is that but I love getting back into the interview room and I'm very happy to have this guests coming on. Now. I'm going to say it's its long-awaited because I think this is one of those weird moments when you realize I have known this human being for about 20 years about about And that's weird because you think of him as for these people as hey, it's someone new that I've met. So please welcome the show Barry Cohen. How are you bearing? I'm doing great. Yeah, I'm great. Thanks for asking. So I survived the car crash I heard about that. And you had your okay, you've had some injuries and accidents in your life. You've survived them I have and we're going to talk about that and everything sounds like a plan, but we have known each other for about 20 years. Yes from the Jewish Community Center to this table this table now we We met you know, I'll tell you are an event planner event organizer. You do stand-up comedy. You do some writing now, which I really want to start there in a bit but you've been involved in and out of pro wrestling with Millennium Pro Wrestling and some other vets. But you want him pro-wrestling mainly with me Paul the whole gag 20 years ago, man, I can't believe it. Yeah two decades. Yeah. We're coming up. Its to got twenty twenty two decades. It's crazy. Right? Well, yeah, we all got together just And you're thinking about it. Well because again, you know, I still think when I moved to LA I moved to LA 98, but I think of that as I'm still fresh in town right just moved home from my home. Well, this is my home and you have known you longer than people that I knew for three or four years in high school that have great meaning to my life, right? You know what I mean? But you've been here longer I have no now since God longer than weddings. I've organized that have lasted you have done a lot of a lot of weddings lot of event planning you went to college for that. I did tell me about that because that's the first time I'm not saying that I would have I was surprised like, oh they have they teach that because it's a hard job, but you went to UNLV for this right? Yep, Las Vegas. They actually had a degree and event management and marketing. So I left LA and went there for a few years to pretty much every class. You could on event planning managing events marketing all the fun stuff. That's It's viable trade heart rate. It's one of those things that when people do wrong, you know, what people do right? You don't feel it, right and anticipate. Yeah, the entire your entire class who you're sitting there to learning to anticipate. What's what's going to happen you hope for the best but you gotta prepare for the worst and it's kind of it was kind of hard sometimes in that class because one of the classes we have was Club management. Yeah. Okay Bob management management, and that's very true the very vague term so So in Vegas clubs can mean different things. Why do you put that connection to great so you can go to Tau or you can go to cheetahs, right? So there were a lot of women in the class and okay, the group study groups were study groups. We had at night were very exciting. Mmm, you know. Yeah, but other than the good projects, can we do one dollar t-shirt night? Yeah, you learn in them over the marketing campaign. Well, let's find the 1850s machine person to go to the casino cage and then we'll see what we can do. Acid instead of going to come back to that. This is where I want to start with you though. So somewhere that were just as a friend of always been real proud of this. You've always been funny guy and entertaining guy you love good jokes. We've been in wrestling rings together you good bits and all those kind of things but am I wrong in saying that one thing she wanted to always do with stand-up comedy? Yeah. Absolutely. It's been in the back of my mind forever back of your mind forever. And then this is I'm not gonna you know, we're of the same age were the same age your little younger cut bless you, but we're the same age. We're saved generation something back here mind. Back of your mind. You never did it. You never did it next to you know, you you decided f it I'm doing it. Yeah, I just literally went online typed in stand-up comedy. Yes. Got some Yelp reviews to make sure I wasn't God getting robbed when I got there like a class like yeah, absolutely legitimate class, right? The the school that I go to is in Burbank and former writer The Tonight Show and he had me up there doing stand-up comedy probably within 15 minutes. When I got there, that's interesting because I know a lot of comic friends of mine Jody Miller comes to mind Lou Santini has done some Consulting. Look Jody Miller run classes. I think it's valuable thing. I think yeah, there's some there's some hey you do it or you don't or funny or not. I can understand that but to actually have a straight it's valuable and I've seen it. I've hosted the student shows Jody does a good job, but I like what you're saying because I also do Phil get in the pool, right? Yeah, just jump in the pool. I mean part of it is, you know, some people come up with the Jokes, and do the writing some people spend more time on the character and then they do the writing after right with me. I don't that's not much of a character thing. That's kind of who I am in the material. Okay, so I'm overweight Jewish guy who like sci-fi and loves Las Vegas. So there's a lot of stuff in the book other than the Jewish thing. I'm feeling you mean. Yeah, I mean right love to my Jewish brothers and sisters something I loved you. Okay, so you you felt you had a crafted this is fascinating School of Comedy talk because I have some listeners who Zach Anderson chapters that canister my Patron. He's trying comedy, Wisconsin. He trying he's doing it but he's learning it. What was the the this approach character versus writing you felt you had your point of view intact? Yeah place. I should absolutely I thought of when I had to say I thought because a lot of people a lot of comedians right from Life Experiences. It happened to them. They bring that into their sets. Right. So I look at I've had I've had an incredible life. I mean not everything from graduating the Las Vegas to those Adventures to assure you and I standing in a ring with Roddy Piper. Yeah, I mean not many people can say they can know do that. No. Um, so you take different things like that and you can even bring some of the wrestling expect the stand-up comedy which people do but yeah from a promoter and from a manager standpoint. It could be completely completely different vibe that you don't see hmm, you know, because You can say okay. Well, you know, we're going to tell the standard wrestling joke wrestling fans are this way, but it's not about that. It's about who you work with. And yeah, and the fun that you have this is fantastic connection to wrestling right character's point of views. I've started teaching podcast classes two, youths crazy Utes and libraries. I did one test class right? I'm going to be doing more. That's great and I try to teach that to because I'm a shy guy he put me at a party unless there's a rum Coco Mahan or whiskey. Psyche which I got so almost stand offish the point but it's finding that character that point of view even if but you say, you know who you are, but to twist it and alter it put it into on stage that's wrestling as well. Right? And it's funny you brought up the thing about being shy because that's actually how I started my career in events. It was just being shot. He's being shy because I've had a I had a I had a lot of anxiety its own as party's going out and I'm looking at the DJ and I'm like, it's guys having a better time. The know anyone here, he's not standing about what he looks like, you know, he just playing music and listen to what the people say and the girls are coming to talk to him because they want to hear the Vengaboys. We like to party for the fifth time tonight. So I thought that wasn't a bad the angle so it's a good way to go. Yeah, so I started I started doing that and it felt I felt more comfortable at the party's right. I was started off DJing and I liked it so much. I learned how to plan events and coordinate events that points from that. Point and the kind of career started going on from there. What was the are you are you like me like just having something to do feeling like you belong at these parties weddings event as a DJ and I'm just going back to the beginning not where you are. Now is it just is it just simple as that calming your anxiety in any? Yeah. Absolutely. It's coming the anxiety feel like I'm actually accomplishing something to my I mean there is anxiety now. I mean it does it does come out now like at the same time, you know when you're a guest at a party. Ee, you know, you're not there to critique, you know, you've done a lot of events. So you just have to go I'm here to have a good time. What's the worst disaster you've ever had at a party? Okay. I was in Las Vegas. The flamingo of this is an easy one. It wasn't necessarily designed the mobs involved those two that I'll too close to that. So I was working for a DJ company at the time. So they set everything up that give me a call and they tell her I come down here. So apparently they miss something with the lighting package was wrong. I'm sure at the end. So I went to decide to collect the check the you know, they made me do that too, which was so much fun. So I'm at the Flamingo on the second floor and their Event Center the groomsmen are all pretty wasted out of their mind. So the the groomsmen come at me. They just stand around me with their group with the groom's right there. Yeah, and he goes, well, this isn't what we paid for and I said well, unfortunately I need to check, you know, because we have a contract and this is kind of how it is. It's you versus what six guys pretty much. So right next to me, you know, we're right by the bar you have a cumberbund on you. Just tried to yeah, hold the whole wedding, you know, the whole wedding Jon Lovitz Wedding Singer Gary a gimmick. So so, you know, we're sitting there and the this to must have been 70 80 year-old bartender, right? Who's been there since probably Bugsy Siegel sure open this place comes up and he goes, is there a problem here and They go no, well, we're just, you know trying to have a conversation with this guy and the bartender goes well, you know, he works with us. So if there's a conversation to be had maybe you should just pay the man or we have to have a conversation in a different way. Now. It's he Alec Baldwin from from the cooler more like Don Rickles and casino. Okay. Okay. Yeah more even buddy got behind the butt. I mean, I'm not waiting for Sam Rothstein to eat years. Yeah, but that's kind of code for something sure, you know, if you want to be able to open the car door with with all your working did yeah with all your working digit? Yeah. It's probably yes best to cut the check. So when we had that little bit of conversation we knew it was going on probably the worst one after that would be I was at Mandalay Bay DJing there. It's where I'll be this weekend kids. Delete the Hominy get your tickets now. Yeah. So Mandalay Bay the Bride was pretty late. The groom was downstairs. We didn't know what was going on. But we also noticed the best man was missing. Oh, so it got later and later and then well, we didn't really do the horror at the point. Yeah, there's really kind of no neat, but this is why event companies get paid in advance. Yeah guaranteed contracts and he contracted for our minimum, you know case your love falls apart before the altar or at before the cake is cut, you know, two hours hosted bar than Hash as we can get our money in. I mean, that's just that's just those were probably the two craziest ones that I can think of. I mean you survived you've survived I literally survive with the help of like an 80 year old mobs an 80 year old mobster. I mean, well, you got to understand with Vegas. I mean the people who have worked there for so long. That's who take that's who gets taken care of ya and I when I see taking care of I mean literally taking care of not like taking care of, you know, I'll sweat every time we start my car. Yeah. Yeah, so that's that. It's a very different. For example, when I first moved to Vegas, we my wife and I she was my girlfriend at the time we moved into this great apartment complex in West Las Vegas. This woman has been there forever. She's to be a cocktail waitress all that. Oh, that's great. Yeah, so we know she tells me all of her story. I gotta get her on here some likes and says Sahara Riviera Stardust was her place. But so she liked what I was doing and you know she like Story and all that and I wasn't a state resident at the time. So sometimes you know when she was the leasing agent, you know, once in awhile, you kind of have to come up with some creative documentation. Yeah, you know that helps you become State resident. So that's how kind of people take care of people, you know God out there, you know, just you know, I got me be low friends in high places low friends in high places. Good song to play it. I'm at a wedding. It's get this go back to another one bites the dust. Wonder Do you have a list of songs that you sneak in just to get your own shots? And I've had songs where a bride will get I've had lists where where a bride will give me a literally three page list of songs that I'm only allowed to play and in the order. I'm allowed to play sure now, sometimes they see sense. Right? Sure. Sometimes they think they know the crowd but you know, Kenny G isn't exactly the one to get the people on the floor, you know nickel block. Nick wasn't Nickelback Nickelback new. Yeah, go back. God bless him. Yeah, now can the greatest greatest selling band of all time? No one wants to play here. Yeah, absolutely rock star could be entertaining after her, you know, five six seven 18 beers, but you know to get everybody on the dance floor, it's not as good as baby got back or YMCA or Cha Cha Slide, you gotta go to Classics. You guys are Classics. Let's go back to this comedy things. I want to talk to you about. What may what what kicked in to do it. And again, it's not like you're 80 in like I'm gonna get my shots. In before I go you're young man, but it's intimidating in LA or New York or Chicago or big city to go. You know, I'm going to try to do that thing in town. That's a full-blown industry that I want to do. Right and I've got a whole career. I've got a wife. I've got a dog to take care of great great dogs wiener dog wiener dog love wiener dogs. What what take me to that moment. Something just popped into my head going. Okay. I got a little bit of free time right now. Okay, let's do something. I've always wanted to do. You know, I got the events on the weekends. It's works out in my schedule. Let me see. Let me sit down and see if I can write a set. Let me see if I can write a good five minutes at of what's going on my life and see if I'm entertained by it. And I think it'll be entertained by it. Yeah now just growing up everybody says and happens to so many people. You should do stand-up comedy. You should do comedy stand-up comedy. Yeah, and I've been told that all my life in a million other people have sure but not many people get up on get up on stage whether it's a bringer show. Yeah, we've discussed in the past right or whether it could be a paid gig at The Comedy Store. Yeah. Just how far can you get into you you enjoy it and you just kind of had this moment of either do or don't right I do or I don't yeah, I do. I don't am I funny am I acting funny? Is it the wrestling gimmick? Is it something I can create is it? Am I funny is what I'm thinking for the wars that the perception of his Aunt Mildred the one who thinks I'm funny or am I? Yeah, right does the perception of you know of just myself on the outside think I'm funny or can I come up with stuff in addition to that? At that is also that's also funny that goes along with it. What would a young Barry Cohen tell his current counterpart about get on stage. Finally do it? Yeah, just do it just do it. That's what early I mean the Nike. I mean just do it that and Shia LaBeouf yelling just do it is it we can make jokes about it. But like that's it. Yeah, that's the secret. That's the secret just getting up there. I mean whether you know, because I remember we had we had a friend of ours who just recently passed away and the wrestling industry and you Helped out a lot of the shows and one of the first times I ever did anything like that was he invited me to his party and our mutual friend Paul is there yeah, and he hadn't do joke right jokes and do a five-minute set of his party. Okay? Yeah, which was crazy to me. He goes. I want you to host my party and I'm just like, all right. I'm used to hosting weddings and bar mitzvahs and stuff but a party at a we're at Cheesecake Factory. All right, cool cool. We have food whatever the key to. He Comics because the drinking food, that's it. I'll tell you though. I mean when I when I first got booked for that ringer show at The Comedy Store. I told ya the proudest moment though his when they actually gave me my first drink, you know, just I was like, that's cool. Right? I haven't made it but that's special. I know what you mean, but talk about that because you're on stage. I don't care. I don't I know there's a there's a pushback and understandable push back in the commonest comiket comic industry in La now again Springer shows write it for those who aren't you? Don't show you bring a crowd you bring, you know, five-year friends. And if you don't bring it, they might cut your station. It's not good. I've been charged because I've had friends who just were like, I can't go anywhere he where your shows. Yeah, it's zero people show up when I had a charge against age. I'm against the push against him. But I also think at my friend Brian Keith Etheridge once told me every shows a bringer show. I'm going to I'm playing Vegas this weekend when Mark Ellis and Mandalay Bay, I have to get people to go cause that's how the business works. Right? So don't you in another state? Yeah. Pressure. Yeah, no pressure. I don't I don't slag on it completely though. I understand some of the problems with it that aside I don't you doing The Comedy Store as part of a bringer show is still on stage at the comedies. Exactly. You're not looking like you're not in a practice stage, right? Exactly. That's how I looked at it. I mean someone trusted me enough and the first show I ever did first time I ever did anything like that was I was on the main stage right. Now the store of of Legends no pressure there either, you know, whether it's an you know, and as you do those shows, you know, People kind of dwindled sometimes dwindled window because you've asked them they like you said. Oh, yes. Yes. Oh so that being said you do other things but still it's a great confidence booster going. Oh, well, I was here and I did this. I mean if I told like going back circling back to what would you marry sure, you know young non Photoshop Barry said, so so what I would say is, you know in 20 years whether I don't care how you did it, right? You're on the me. On stage is The Comedy Store and look at just looked at who performed the entire night. It's the same way. I look at movies. Do you go to movies to have a good time or do you sit there and look at it look like to JFK footage, you know, you did it, right? How did how did it affect how to doing this taking this bath and you continue to do it? It wasn't like you just did one time you're going to this theater in here in Burbank where you want to show us you actually got me booked on the that little what late night talk show they do right with Joe. Joe Duncan Joe Duncan. Yeah real fun time. So how does it feel to continue to do it and has it changed you? It's given me a lot more confidence and just different things huh public speaking. I mean I've done public speaking but it's public speaking in a different way. It's more of a keeping the captive audience because when you DJ, you know, you're going to do maybe a one or two lines, you know, maybe a joke here. And there after that, you know, you just play the song and then you don't interrupt the song. You know, I know the Decay to talk over the music and I don't want said it away. Oh, no one we don't want Barry Cohen. No talking. I'd our wedding. We all play the damn chicken. Yeah play the chicken dance and then you yo say something after that. Someone loses their car keys on making announce. There you go. There's your chance for humor, right? There are key humor YMCA if anyone has a green Jaguar, he's license plate number. So confidence confidence IV to build confidence. It just built confidence going I can do this. I can just go out and do things a little more. I think I'm pretty good at what I do, right man. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen your straight said yet. I've seen some of the hijinks over there for the show. Yeah. I'm curious to see that but you know you I know you've know you long enough you've had some dizzying Heights and you've had some disease in lows. Yes, we as we all do and I think from a distance when I when I first saw probably a Facebook like you do and I was like good for the good for you. Hey good for you because I know it's something we've talked about doing it. Did you have any influences growing up comedian wives Jon Lovitz. I mean love it. Yeah love it. I mean critic. Yeah. Yeah. He I mean not just cause we have the same body type. I mean you've seen the picture there's a picture of me and him were we look it was actually randomly worth of Jon Lovitz Comedy Club. Yeah. And we were both rest in peace, right and Rec and we were both wearing the same Charlie Sheen style shirt. Yeah, so I walk up to him and I'm like, do you know my mom and then he just starts cracking up. So we took a picture backstage and it's like like, you know, I've been on Facebook 10 years and every time I put that up I at least get like 80 likes lien and the power of love it. Yeah the power love it's is definitely one of them Rodney Dangerfield. Yeah. You remind me of a Dangerfield guy and there's another guy who started late right? You know, he's trained. Everything leg Yeah, you know, I love listening. I love listening to Kennison. I mean I can watch him in back to school. Yeah that same scene over and over again with them. What is what would you describe your style like more? Is there any direct influence other love it? But love is a stand-up is a little bit different than love is this gasps? Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, he does a little bit of that on ch2 but I kind of try and go with my own style can other than you know, I would say kind of like a like a People of said like your the illegitimate child of John Lovitz and Jay Leno, you know, I get that too. That's an image. I also don't want to see ya. You're a beautiful man, but then I don't have as many cool cars. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, I watch Jay Leno growing up you like you like late night stuff. I do. I mean I used to go to The Tonight Show all the time. My dad had some friends that he worked with who got us tickets all the time. So, you know, probably every other month, we would go watch Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Being which would be great. So we'd be you know be there in Howard Stern would be there and then we there and just I mean he had some people go through there, but maybe he was probably the one I watched the most and Howard Stern. Yeah. Yeah you yeah, you love that Stern stuff. I'd like to I do I do. I mean just anyone who can deal of Just Adjust what is just pushing the envelope pushing pushing the envelope and anybody I mean I used to watch that as a kid at being like 10 years old and they would have it on Channel Nine and I would watch I hate I hate ya can't kill ya and I would watch. Stuttering John who does a podcast I've actually a good guy. Yeah, okay, and he would go into the record him going into the shopping mall while John Tesh was playing a John Tesh was playing like a nice song and then suddenly you'd see Stuttering John just like go over the balcony and yell blonde Frankenstein now to me Ivy just I like the disruptors like that sure, you know, I'm sure going on, you know on the celebrity interviews and he just he was just very creative. I mean just in what he did interviewing Richard. Simmons and two of his column customers. Yeah, you know and having a 20-pound turkey, you know, it's fly down from the ceiling to see if deal-a-meal works. It's probably to me one of the best moments in the history of Television. It's influenced you in many ways possible. What would a Barry Cohen Show be like a stage show, you know, probably interviews. Yeah. I've got very similar to a late-night show very similar very similar to a very cone middays. Yeah, I would say say Not not not near Chevy Chase. Yeah, not as good as you know, Leno or Fallon but somewhere in here somewhere. That's a good barometer. Yeah Chevy Chase has six weeks on air for Fox Pat Sajak around that time, you know. Yeah, I mean for kicks. I typed in the Chevy Chase Theater and Google Maps and it didn't pop up be very sad. If the man though, I mean that guy's great Chase. Yeah, you know, he's got he's prickling for sure. Oh, yeah II remember Member the late night was so funny bring up the late-night Wars because that started with 92 Range. Right? Right, you know injury Letterman Leno, right? And then Fox just goes with Chevy Chase, right? I put my money behind chase you did because I'm an old SNL guy, right? I love Letterman, but I was like going with Chevy right? What would you think of rivers because they had her on as a guest house? Yeah. I'm pissed off Carson but going I love Joan Rivers right all incarnations. And he's Joe Nall. Even the crazy fashion days. Even the early days. I think she's a mean marvelous Miss maysles kind of I think Loosely inspired some of her. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. So I love that but yeah. Yeah. No, I love Joan Rivers. And what was the she was a radio host for a while to I think it's still going to Stephanie Miller how late night shot talk show for a while. She was interested in at the time. The I chose Jason six weeks gone. Yeah sure. It's wrong. I was shows wrong are seeing our senior was great. So here's our studio is yeah, you know what and he's overlooked because he was syndication, right? Probably some other bigger reasons. He was overlooked socially since he killed it anybody who can do an entire three to five-minute segment on TV with an interview Jason Voorhees who doesn't speak a word right is a freaking genius. I think Garcinia when you when you write the history of late night, I think Arsenio, I mean he pressured some of the changes In the Bears, right? NBC's looking in our city that member the SNL sketch karsenault. And when Dana Carvey is doing Johnny Carson trying to be that's a PlayOn and that pissed off Johnny. Yeah, he was so hot unhappy but us until doing that but yeah because they're singing comes along and just changes the game. I mean, I grew up on on sucker Brothers movies more than Monty Python and things like that. I mean, I love python, but you know, what don't take away anything with the Zuckerberg, right? That's right movies are those are definitely Yeah, those are definitely Inspirations on that. I don't think we've ever discussed it but that I could see Barry Cohen a young Barry Cohen like a police squad. Well, he files a police car and done. Yeah, another one will probably remake. Yeah, but no, I mean I look at that and I look at like the sketch shows. We were talking about the sketch shows. I mean most female like you said you grew up with NSN at SNL. Okay. I watched a little bit of that but I watched more In Living Color. Oh, yeah V and I mean look who came out of that and I'm not seeing ones. Other than the other but no no, I'll take all the things. Uh, yeah, I'll take you know, man on film. Yeah put that up against anything. They're doing on the Trump stuff on SNL currently right now being just as if not more entertaining. I am out of controversial but you know, just how I think the the Clown's catch Damon Wayans. Yeah the clown the clown and then if alright A Fire Marshal Bill shirt in junior high, that's because that was cool. Yeah because I was cool walked around and Fire Marshal Bill sure. That was so great about like when I watch Sonic the Hedgehog last week. Oh, yeah, so I'm watching that movie and I'm sitting there going I'm having the time of my life because yeah, it's 1990s Jim Carrey. Mmm. He's back. Yeah, it's him and he's and he's so Bonkers in a thoughtful insightful way, right? He's something else. It's not that you know, he's not trying to be dramatic. You're playing anything like that number 23 where he's yelling out the number 23 the entire movie. I mean, it's like yeah, it was his paws Poltergeist 3 where they yell Carol Ann a hundred and twelve times. All right, so hey, all right. Yeah, but no, I mean that's just what do you put into your company? I'm going through this right now to I'll tell you what a I just in prepping for my set in Vegas. Like I'm taking a part of the set out and putting something new in because I watch them tape. I thought it was working and I watched some tape from DC and I was like, it's not ringing true for me. I'm not there yet. Right. What do you put into your bits and Joe? Jokes from from you live room. What is you your life story? What get? What things have you overcome door? What problems you struggle with? How do you approach? Okay, and that is what is humorous form. I hadn't yeah, I mean anything that's wrong with me or anything. I can think of on stage for example, a big one bucket of wrong. For example, I had an injury at work. Okay where I literally crushed my hand in freight elevator. Okay. I love you that feel not too good. I mean the Percocet was Can we go can we relive this? Yeah, I'm not trying to make you cry or have family the moment. You're afraid elevator door hurts you what do you think? Well, I didn't think anything of it because you don't really feel it until later. You know, I look at it in my hand is the size of the Stay Puft Marshmallow roads, and you do you're a huge fan of Ghostbuster. I see you might have thought that was a good thing. I am and you know for some cosplay would have been fantastic. You know, this was December and right and it's not good for Hanukkah. So so yeah, my hand is enormous and the thing I couldn't move my fingers and then we go there and they go. Well you broke your hand. Yeah, and I'm like, oh, I have a set at The Comedy Store in two days. This is going to be fun. Okay, so I'm thinking you know, how do I do that? Where my hand? I mean, we're on a podcast. You can't really see but my hand he's waving his hand as if it's fingers or right so So it's in a cast and you can see it's in a cast and it's moving at an outward. Let's say outward upward motion. Okay, it's a Glee 1937 German. Fortunately Germany invades Poland, right? 1939 Germany invades Poland. Right? Right. So again for people who not be fan who happy a fan of the Hanukkah holiday less? Yes. Okay, so I walk outta here and one of those super cast and I said, you know, To come here tonight, but I don't think I'm the first person on this stage that took Percocet before the king. Okay, so that got a big bag laughing. Yeah. So I said also I want you to know my last name is Cohen and I broke my hand few days ago. So this motion has nothing to do with anti-Semitism or anything that got a good laugh too. I mean, it's little things like that. It's just little things like that. I mean those are just, you know a joke here too. But you know like when I was unemployed, okay, I drew I drove Uber. Yeah put a pin in that but yes. Yeah, okay. So I drove Uber and I learned so much just by driving around and I was able to as much as I didn't like doing it. I was able to practice my set on people in the complex. Okay, and that's what I was that's what I was how many okay. How many times did your rating go up or down up it went well enough when I started doing it when it started doing it. I was yeah, I think when I was done I was at a four point eight five four point eight five five. Okay, so that's pretty good. And then I think I made a wrong turn somewhere like sherbet. For I was done so might have you had a four-point. I don't I don't get in the car if it's lower than 4.0. Don't don't run and I'm fine for Point. Yeah, if anything lower than 4.8 you're going to end up in Commerce. Get some whether you like it or not. But no, I mean things things like it was Uber you learn. I mean, you know, I talked about the celebrity voices on Uber. Okay. So either give you know, they kill you can use ways or you can use Google Maps. I used to just ways they would always have like Shaq and different things. So I always tell them I Well, you know, I save a lot of time using the Michael Jackson GPU GPS voice because when I use the Michael Jackson GPS voice, I'm automatically 500 yards away from the school. Okay, so that's a good many people got out of the car one person. Yeah, threw himself out of the car through of stuff. Yeah. I don't see there's your point five, right? I don't do political stuff too much but I see you know, one of the other ones I did was I try not to use the Kelly and Conway went too much because I always get to an alternate destination. Yeah. Yeah, so that what that what that what you're writing could have gone way up depends on who's in the car or where you if you're picking Santa Clarita up maybe down for some reason in Orange County. When I do the joke, it goes down in LA county goes up. What I remember you did the over saying yeah, that's an interesting point because from a serious point. I know I know you had struggled with some employment opportunities for a while and you know, I know a lot of be you can make good money Uber Lyft whatever but I think for you to get to that point to It's a very honorable. I've got to do this, right so but thing good friend of mine and says told me whatever you can do to get off the couch. Yeah. Yeah. Were you down and out we have because because you the event managing stuff that it can come and go. Oh absolutely you could come and go you were down for a while. I was down for a while. I was working when I was on the upside. I was working for Nissan at the time as their special event coordinator for La in Las Vegas, right? So I helped her a lot Vegas thing. I helped her out the Altima I helped roll out. The Altima and then the Pathfinder. Okay for like 2012-2013, right? So that was a great gig that was going on for a while. So I had my own car that they gave me it's just was a guy was going to events producing events for them. It was a great great gig that kind of slow down for a while and then that slows down for a while. So in addition to that we were actually out of our house about a year after that because of the Porter Ranch gas leak so that being said is right you were in a hotel for a while. I was in a Until now, that's a whole nother thing so you can some punches to the gut here. Oh, yeah. Yeah, but unfortunately I made it work for me because being in a hotel they do you think of where do you want to say? And I said the Hilton Universal and I had a season pass to universes. So no Harry Potter was fun there. I don't want you a lot of ones and your cholesterol now go to Fatburger down the hill I went and go. Yeah, that's krustyburger me. Whatever works I would do that. Oh hell. Yeah. I'm a walking distance to Krusty Burger and have a pass. Oh, yeah that's dinner. It's a lunch and they have the shuttle or you can walk. And then I mean I have the AMC a list, I would yeah, I yeah, I would try to walk to justify it in my own head. But that's a good it's a good plan. We had the dog in the hotel room was beautiful. But yeah, I mean you get knocked down you get knocked down with that and he just what can I do and that's kind of one right around when that was ending. We're in the hotel was when I started to get my feet wet in the stand-up comedy stuff and I started researching and I started getting everything down and I go how can I make this? How can I make this experience work? And it's also express myself where it's not so bottled up. Yeah, you know, yeah wait again. I got imagine, you know, I remember even 2018 when I'm out of collider and I'm home and I'm jobless and I'm trying to figure it out that led me to my decision to like, all right. I got a I've always want to write a book. I'm finally going to do that. You you kind of probably correct me if I'm wrong kind of maybe found found yourself a little bit in this downside of losing your identity because whether you want to believe it or not you Lose your job and sometimes your identity absolutely and I started watching movies. I love okay. So I so I looked at Amazon. I saw my favorite movies on there. Yeah. We're in my queue. I'm like, all right. Well, I'm going to make myself laugh and make myself happy. So I put on the Kentucky Fried movie The Lion, right? You know, I put on Amazon Women on the moon right? I put on I mean you possessed which I think is very underrated we can go wrong season and Bobby Logan what's up? All right. And so, I mean I look at that. I just have a great time and I look at those. This movie's going there. So stay there. So slapstick they're so funny. How can you sit there and not laugh at that? Yeah, so and that kind of brought me. I'm like in a brings you out of a hole little bit sure and then sometimes you know, like I'll watch our wrestling videos right? I'll watch online. I watch you kicking my ass in the middle of the Ring. Yeah, I'll watch you know our friend Phil do that. I'll watch some of the promos that I've done and I'll go you know what I've done some pretty good stuff. Let's let's step out off the couch for a little bit. Yeah, take it take a shot. Yeah, but in the meantime you go, sir. Support yourself support your wife support your family support your dog, right? You're wonderful dog. What's your dog's name? Again? It's schmoopy smoothie the same. Yeah, and it's a perfect name for the dog you go. You do the super thick. I mean you're doing weddings and you're doing Uber you were seeing a lot of society. I was impersonal absolute. There were times where I would be in Calabasas. Just driving people around, you know from Topanga Mall. You their house then there are times where it was Saturday at 11 o'clock at night where I pick up the 18th Street Bloods and I kid you not. Yeah, and you know, they they would tell me do not follow that car in front of you or we're going to get shot. So you're just like, I'm Barry Cohen, here's what from Porter Ranch right and they were the 18th to buzz in my car and you know, because I'm I'm driving my Honda. Yes. I said, you know, I think we're cool. They go why I said well, my car is black. I think we're fine. Yeah, and your one piece went yeah, no bullet holes. No cause you know, they were cool. I mean we talked about it, you know, fortunately I got a good rating and you know shut off the GPS right after but you know, it was enough fortunately. I was not wearing a blue shirt. Okay, because if I was wearing that's that's not a good thing now, that's something that you Burr doesn't tell you on the GPS is what gang territory or in they should they should update. I mean I should be driving egg map. I used to have game went from my old office. I'll share it with. Okay good good because like if I'm driving and it's a in Zero point three miles make a right on parthenium. By the way, you're going to be in the crypts District. Yeah, or if I would be nice. Yeah, Bryant Street gang and off course Indian in Tampa. Yeah Uber Uber doesn't cover shooting you back into somebody at a Burger King or covered drive-by shooting not so much. That's a shame very sad. Damn Uber and lift and lift. Did you both I did both I did what's the difference three times? And I was done. Well, I always order what's bad about that. Why did you Pull off the food. Okay ubereats for you make no money because there's always law of supply and demand. Okay, so an Uber and Lyft if you're taking somebody for a ride if you're doing the morning Rush, you're going to get more money now ubereats is very standard and there's no Demand on it. So even during lunch time you're going to make the same amount as you would have three in the afternoon. So there really was no point, you know, so when I went to North Hollywood to drop something off in Northridge, you know and made $8. I you know that that just wasn't working enough, but you know for Uber though, I mean One time I pick somebody up at Hollywood and Highland and then drove him to Disneyland and made a hundred and twenty bucks for an hour. I heard of these story. Yes, and I have a Disney annual pass. So I had lunch there did my instant transfer of money and it's for a money got had lunch yet to Disney and went on a ride and then and then just got some rights back and I had a great time. I had an Uber driver who said he drove all the way up to Seattle with someone and she was a little bonkers. She drove they went to San Diego and then went all the way up to Seattle. He got hotels he stayed along the way. She kind of just something's going on. Yeah, didn't he got paid and we talked about it and great. What does that conversation? Like, do you know when you get the call your Hollywood? Right which is a Halloween Island downtown Hollywood tourist central is going to Disneyland what you don't know and well at my time. Yeah back in my day get off my lawn back in back in the wagon. He didn't tell you until you swipe that you were there. So nowadays they tell you because of this whole independent. Versus uh, yeah play thing. Yeah, so that being said they don't now they tell you so now I would know but before I could pick somebody up at CSUN and take them to Santa Barbara and not know until I pick them up to our dr.xu our drive and really screws up your day and then look I don't care and your money make yah, but like I don't you get you get them in a car. You're not going to be like get out right? But the worst was uberpool if you ever done Uber. I'm not I don't know. Why because it's tough. Enough to share a car with a strange, you know, I would have loved to have you been my driver you could have done your Howard Stern inspired jokes and been okay, Don you've done your Don Rickles humor, which I love and then we would have good conversation. But it's already Tough Enough right this the drivers a stranger. I don't want two or three other people in the damn car with no no that I don't know. No, I mean, that's the thing. How do you introduce? I mean, you know, this is this is Bob. He's going to be riding you, you know, he to your to your place of work at the elementary school. Don't have a background check on this individual. But yeah, you know, if you'd like to sit up front, you're more than welcome to you're more than welcome to you know, if you know, you feel scared blink three times. Yeah, right, right. I mean, I don't know how those conversations Bob's getting out first, right? Fortunately. I had had that happen on the Uber pool, but I tried not to do it. But yeah, I'm just I mean kudos to everybody who's doing it. All right. Well, yeah some of making great living some surviving seems like you are doing a little bit of both. I was doing both I was doing I was promoting myself promoting my comedy right doing all that. Yeah. And I was proud to do it you've emerged from some of this your back work and you got a good gig you are doing comedy. How do you feel now? You know without you know, you and I are both in that fourth decade of Levin would you say that? Yeah, how does how does that feel? How does it feel to kind of be accomplishing some stuff doing some things always wanted versus the 20s and 30s were you weren't getting there. Were you doing other things or your life is going this way or that way. I'm just taking I think I think things more day by day now. Yeah, and I think more experienced by experience rather than which is weird coming from an event planner, but I just look at you know, different projects life's not a wedding ceremony Bear. Right? Right. There's not that many more minutes until until the buffet or or the till the cocktails come. Yeah, but I just look at the Abide a look at the cool stuff that I've done and how I can expand on that. That's just that's of I like that approach. It's really healthy approach taking stock. Yeah, funny, you mentioned Roddy Piper you and I we were part of Millennium Pro Wrestling 2010. We got to work from shows with Piper. Absolutely and and there's days when I've been really down and out or depressed or not feeling like I've done anything and I just go what would fourteen-year-old can tell himself right? And and I look at that too. And it's like, you know, if I'm ever down about myself or anything like that. I just think, you know a comb I just look at that footage. Yeah the L look at it online and going you know. We got to hang out with one of the greatest of all time. Yeah, okay not and I'm not talking about just one show I'm talking about a couple other times like we you know, when we saw him and that one convention that we were at the Russell Russell reunions the rest for you number they actually yeah when we brought in sunny and yeah she did. One of the things I was so nervous the night of the first show and so you know, and you know, I told him I said, I just not sure I'm going to go through this, you know and with everything going on. He grabs me by the shoulder puts his arm around me and going, you know, Barry, you know, what champ you don't quit no matter what you do, no matter how things get really bad. Don't quit. Mmm, and that's I've heard that advice and then I actually got great advice nonempty. Be related but through wrestling through Jesse Ventura. Okay, so I was at a book signing and I met Governor Jesse Ventura and one things he said like I actually lost my lost. It was right around when I lost the job. Yeah, and it was the next day literally the next day and I go meet Jesse Ventura and he goes, you know, as bad as things can get as bad as it looks if you can't think it won't get any better any other day in your life when you're at that point. That just means no matter what It's going to get better. Oh, yeah said I'm thinking you're right. You're right. And then did he charge you $30 for a signed copy of his book or five and shipping which was really weird because it was at an event. That's awesome though. Yeah, Jack jessee was cool. Jesse. Jesse was cool. I mean, he got a great life lesson for great great life lessons. I mean his books is they're amazing and Piper's books. Oh, yeah Piper wrote books to and he's got a great story a rest in peace Piper and Jesse Ventura rest in peace. Insanity sometimes I don't know. I don't know. I love the governor. I love the governor. He weather machine he is he is on a he's on another level sometimes in the time. We have Romanian going to be remiss if I didn't talk about pro wrestling. That's where we met. You're outputting shows together. I mean, yeah 2001 was when I met you that's right doing the Millennium person shows out there in Fallbrook area La Valley Chatsworth all we've been all around see how in Moorpark everywhere we have been in the ring together. I've beaten you up with a Dreidel that's true. Very large dreidel. Where did you love for pro wrestling star? Probably the 1991 where I Rumble and was one right? I was at my I think the one that Hogan won. Yeah, cuz flare 192 flower 192 when he was in the ring for almost an hour, right and he came in not fair to flare. Yeah, fella fair to fly. I mean, yeah, you know, but that's why I looked at I was at my uncle's house and I really didn't watch wrestling too much for that. And then I just watch that and I was watching the whole thing and I would just watching this is the greatest show I've ever seen yeah, you know as a kid and then I started watching from there and then I start watching older tapes and yeah different things like that and then just you know, I've watched probably every pay-per-view in the 90s. Yeah, you know just like everyone else but that's really where it started but I always rooted for the bad guy. You're a good guy. What a my God. I don't know. I love the earthquake Ric Flair. Whoo. Yeah. Yeah, you know I first click underrated villain underrated content about you know, you know as earthquake. I'm not talking about like yeah the shark I'm talking about her. Yeah. Yeah Avalanche Avalanche or whatever. It's like British people or whatever. We've also well, yes. Yeah. Can we say the story what you taught Brutus Beefcake to do the great legendary pro wrestler Brutus The Barber Beefcake. Which would try to remember you start you actually have taught damage taught to Legends. Yes. Okay. So share these stories real quickly here. I am the one who taught Bob Orton senior how to text. Okay. So at that event we were out at the Hilton. Yeah, and I will Bob Orton. Yeah Bobby jr. Yeah, I'm sorry Bob Lanier Randy Orton's father Randy Orton's father. Exactly. So I'm sitting there with our friend Paul. Yeah and Piper and yeah me it's myself Paulo. Dwarf was around the table at the time. Was that a next breakfast. That was the next for an extra. Yeah, he wasn't there but we did have a great chat with him. Right right, right is right around when he was battling cancer. Yeah, and I generally just watch these funny you say that I just watched the clip with him to Hulk Hogan's birthday where he comes out and it's one of my favorite moments because I actually sat and talked with him about what he went through but back to brought to the text. So he just got a new phone and it was a like a one of the early galaxies or whatever. Yeah, and he looks around. 10:11 range riding like that. He didn't know how to use it. Okay, and he was well, do you know how to use this thing? And I said well, let me take a look at it and I'm like well who you're trying to text and it's showing me the numbers and it's numbers of like Randy Orton and Ric Flair and like the first one and it's telling me what to do what to do what to say to them and I'm sitting there texting and then I said, well, do you want me to show you know instead of meat, you know texting them do you me to show you how to use it? And then he I was showing him and after 10 minutes that and he goes and I'm paraphrasing. The podcast yeah, I you know, I was in the main event at effing WrestleMania one. I don't need to know how to do this. Sh. Okay, and I just like Bob Orton had a text my son Randy Orton. I did and Ric Flair. So and then last year before last when we were in Vegas, he is there. I don't know if you remember. Yeah, he was calling you and I said but we go to cauliflower alley club in Las Vegas every area which will be out again. Yeah, but I saw him there and I told him the story. And he goes, you know, I remember that that has to be right because it sounds like something I would you know, the guy wouldn't know me from a police lineup, you know a few years, but you know, he knew me from that story, right and he goes, yeah, you know what you're absolutely right? I know who you are. So I said that's you know, that's amazing. And then with Beefcake, you know, I don't want to embarrass them too much but he was working the show. She was fine. He was being paid well for the show, right, but you taught them if I remember right you tell them how to pay his rent, right? It's for his rent. Yeah, so there is your side of his Handler for that day. Yeah, I've been handlers. I've been Handler for a Tammy's HIV Handler for Brutus Beefcake for Piper. Even on certain occasions that we've done Shane Douglas. Thought I was his Handler right over that a convention. Yeah. Oh my God. I mean he great guy great guy, but you know, he thought I knew everything about the event. I wasn't working the event sure. I wasn't doing anything with the event, but for some reason he kept asking me questions. About the event after it just like when we were talking he would come up and ask me a question. Like do you know what time this signing is? And as he thought I was the promoter and I wasn't there you go, but event coordinator just looks the part looks tap, but no. Yeah. So with back to the Beefcake. Yeah, the Booty Man or however, yeah, that's right. So yeah, he was I picked him up. From a convention appearance. He was having right and he had cash at the time and just needed to pay some bills and wasn't sure how to make that happen. So I took him to the Porter Ranch Wells Fargo and just kind of showed him how to deposit money and wire transfer your yeah, you know, it's you know, it's but it's a little bit of a buzz kill. Yeah. Well WrestleMania 9 I was there and you were you were WrestleMania and I've seen the photos. Yeah, WrestleMania. In 12, I'm all over this video. Yeah, you are a WrestleMania 9 for the right. I have some wrestling fans when Giant Gonzales comes out right you okay so that you have an interaction with him, right? Yeah. Well, okay, so I'm I'm a tile side. Yeah, and then there's this kid next to me and takes a smack at him. Okay, and one thing, you know about wrestling don't do wrestlers come down the aisle you do not touch them. I don't care if their face I don't care if they're heal if their managers Arthur anything or if Their agents you no matter what you you know, Tire think of your hands behind your back, you know, don't go beyond the Grail wrestling in the strip club no touchy. But but yeah, so this kit slaps the Giant Gonzales. Hmm, and then the he thought it was me hmm, he turns around and just how hours over mirror and you know, he has 37 7 Yammer is right on him. And you know, he's thinking, you know, God knows what he's thinking, you know. Charles CL see him walking around the casino after yeah, you know, I mean, I've been gambling in Vegas since I was 15, so he didn't know there was that and then WrestleMania 12 actually was a cool story because I went by myself as all cool cool. Yeah senior old steel. That's some sets himself, you know security so they have the defense team WWF WWE Magazine, but it was WF for the time and they go if you want Wrestlemania tickets send them in this was like in August, you know the March or April date, so it was easy for the March 31st date. So my parents as a birthday present sent it in like august/september then we get a ticket in the mail and it's front row ice which is great and I thought front row the entire time which was really cool. And then it's one of the best moments of my life before the show. Yeah, because I see Vince and Jerry Lawler walking around and I see Vince staring at around at the Arrowhead Pond Anaheim her rights under as a called now, it's two weeks the pain and just to look in his eyes. So amazing. Yeah, like I'm so happy to be here and then he was greeting fans and I got to shake his hand. I said, thank you for everything that you do and everything that you've given nice and you know, he he shook my hand, you know says you are the drizzling them your that the Jewish kid. Yeah videos: yes come. Yeah, you're hitting dreidels at the Jewish Community Center and then getting into the director's office and get fired. I mean everything that I went through and we run out those Jewish community centers that we would do those angles like that. They would get so mad at But to me, it was so worth it. We are going on the patreon exclusive show five extra minutes. We're going to go into the great dreidel. Yes. Let's do that you me fill in there in a match with Frankie Kazarian of aw Fame now and TNA Fame and WWE for a while. Yeah, we had a match in the match ended Ruckus happened in the ring and Barry was beaten within an inch of his life with a large cardboard dreidel. Yes, one of the more infamous SoCal wrestling and so people still talk about it on message boards. Yeah video of it somewhere. Oh, I have it. Yeah, maybe I'll post that exclusion. I'll give it to ya we're going to talk about that but wrestling's fund wrestling's life wrestling is life is a work wrestling is real. Absolutely. But I say Barry what is also real is your you're conquering any fears anxieties and taking on a part of life that you always wanted to do and I think that's admirable man. You for everything you do I don't do much. I'll stop. Yeah. Yeah, like I'll give you some candy after that'll be about it. If you want it back you break off the calories of walk to the car. Let me Instagram filter yet wonders. That's Barry. Tell them where they can follow you including your company because I know we didn't talk much about event Buster's but something you do on the side if if anyone needs work locally and so come. Yeah, if anyone's looking for DJ party rentals anything like that were event Buster's we do pretty much anything you need. I also run a venue called. Be Solstice you could check it out. It's one of the highest points in Malibu complete 180-degree view of the ocean. And I think we're also event Buster's is doing a fundraiser for the MS Society for the MS Walk. So we have Team event Buster's you can check that out. If you'd like to donate that be fantastic if you just want to look at it and not donate that's fine too. But just yeah Instagram and Twitter event Buster's event Buster's at some plasters that is event. Buster's is you and you Your event Buster. Yes. Yes. Yeah, and it's Dan Aykroyd approve because I gave him my business card and I haven't been sued two hats. He was like he was laughing loved it. That's awesome loved it. We will give you a whole podcast and you love of the Ghostbusters. You know, what Ghostbusters afterlife comes I need I will do the we did the things you love about that Barre code in here than I was like fuzz. Thank you Barry stick around and the other side of this just you and me doing some chat and I'll take care of some business about shows and all the Lose things by friends stick around right? Yeah. And I was like files friends. Let me tell you about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account and Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline. Wherever you are. You can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. I Use Spotify to present to you all on patreon a private playlist every month I use of myself. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the knapsack files on Spotify or browse podcast in your library tab. Also, make sure you follow me. So you never miss an episode of then have some files. Welcome back to the knapsack files special. Thanks to Our Guest Barry Cohen coming on in today. I've known very like said on the show for a very long time and been meaning to get them in here for a bit and just a sweet guy, and I hope you enjoyed his tail. You. Don't quit. It's good lesson. I'm here with you now. Just you and me just you and me Chad just Housekeeping us we like to do here. Sometimes when that by files I am officially I it happened faster than I thought it would happen. I wasn't really told what happened but project I've been working on for a very long time is out. It is on one jury. It is called Sports Wars and that is their show that like sports rivalries Brett Favre Aaron Rodgers Jerry Rice Deon. Sanders and I got the right one for them with Stone Cold Steve Austin versus The Rock. I thought I was going to come out this week, but all sudden, I don't know our special thanks to supporter Chad Benefield on my patreon page wrote me. It's like hey think that I think that thing's already out. It's there. So check it out. Go to one jury, wherever you find your one jury podcast and take a listen to Stone Cold Steve Austin versus The Rock five episodes series lot of fun but a research lat Writing its kind of adopt you tainment Series has some of it is very real some of its hyper realized but a lot of fun to put together and Dan Rubenstein hosts a Show voices the show a lot of fun stand-up comedy coming your way as well. If you're in the Las Vegas area this Friday, it's March 6 if you listening a later than you ready miss him. We'll be at the Mandalay Bay and I'm working on working on I'm working on some new material which is dangerous to say, I don't I don't want to go to Las Vegas with new material but But I just had one when I was watching tape as I talked about with the interview with Barry, I was watching some tape of my DC show and tapes are very confused. If it since this is kind of a de facto stand-up comedy themed episode. If you're out there considering stand up in any way shape or form number one maybe reconsider to do it do it. I got to tell you, you know, sometimes you watch tape you go have a great set. You're like a killed holy. Rabbi killed I'm a comic man. I just did the Lord's work on that stage. I just did the devil's work in that stage as well and you get the tape as you don't always have tape and then you get it and then you watch parts of it. You're like, I know I slayed there's no laughter a lot of the a lot of times. It's just the mic a lot of times. It's just the mic, you know the crab a lot of times though. It might be your memory putting more laughter in place. So it was good for me to go back and do something that's very hard for me to do to go listen to myself in any way shape or perform and including sometimes writing. I'm so bad at going back as I just say I get that cringe feeling but you got to do it go back edit fixed do it again with stand-up comedy. You've got to craft it got to work on it. You got to get better and better and better and because I'm not getting up all the time. It's hurting me a little bit. So there's there's I think a part of my ACT. I'm going to kind of rework or take out put in some new stuff, but I feel good about it. And that's the thing when you feel good. about the material in your you just done if you do stand up enough you just know that maybe this isn't going to be something that ends up in a comedy special but you know like that's going to hit that's going to do good and sometimes it might not work but deep down inside even if you got to rework it you just kind of know and I'm excited to bring that to the shows in Las Vegas and do all those kind of things I want to thank my high-tier supporters on patreon and I do say this I've got update the list a little bit so if your name is supposed to be on this executive producer tear and you're not hearing it let me know my supporters include Thomas wrestling lethal Logan X but door Kyle Harlow Matt Thompson we also have Donald sue me I got update this list Nathan of Dale's again or some buddy touch shellenberger and Chad Benefield tummy Terry green and Jonas berggren hello me on the list as well so again to my executive producers thank you for the investment in me Brands of cool things come in and do an announce this officially in a printed edit. I always hint you know, I you know, I hint it's BS that I hint. I'm saying to myself I sometimes hinted projects to come because I'm not sure if I'm going to commit to it. That's that's not right. That's not a way to live life. But on Twitch we're going to be doing Lego builds and that's going to be a lot of fun to look for that soon and waiting to get a graphic Maids. I can tweet it out and also waiting for the Vegas trip to end and then I've got another being treated to Something by A close friend going to Disneyland finally. So I'll be a Galaxy's Edge and be be feeling the joy. I didn't and yeah galaxies Edge into the draw whatever been a dismal in a number of years and I just really I'm sorry man I just love going I just love going and I get you might have some issues with Disney's a corporation or Disney is a film studio or buying fox or any I get it maybe like Disney plus but it also don't like it I got it I got it just some of a Disneyland and any of the theme parks but discipline obviously Anaheim is the one that's always been closer to me the Disneyland Resort like I just it just it does the magic works on me it really does and I take such joy in the simple things Walking into the park getting a hot chocolate, you know looking at the turkey legs thinking about it, but not getting it and haven't been in a while. So I'm excited. So when that's subsides in between then look for Lego builds on Twitch, you could hang out with you and you guys get to watch me build some Legos and I'm used to be really good at it. It's been a while though so much has been buying Star Wars Legos of last few years. They're all in boxes. It's space issue. Space issue and also dust issue Legos just you know, like magnets to dust but we're going to build some and then I'll figure out what to do with the sets. That's a problem for another time. Right like Maz Kanata set Maz Kanata Maz. Kanata said to Han and and everyone about the how'd you get Luke's lightsaber a story for another time what I'm going to do those Legos story for another time, but look for that look for that as well. Don't forget my book why we love Star Wars is out there. And happy to announce a book signing event and Star Wars trivia night. I'll be kind of lording over and it is going to be and this is great. This is going to be on Victorville, California. So if you are close to Victorville, it is on the way to Vegas about two hours from La proper about two hours or so from Vegas. And you are interested in coming out and picking up a copy of why we love Star Wars are getting your copy signed. A lot of those details being worked out, but they'll be plenty of books available. And then Star Wars trivia night after you can sign up if you're local to Victorville and you might be I don't want to so many ones not it's gonna be kind of fun the the manager of the store reached out to me and I'm just tickled pink to be wanted, you know to to for anyone to want to invite me to a party. So I'm going to There and then on May 3rd, we are going to be doing a live show in La at a place called El Cid more details to come me Marc Riley. It's gonna be a live version of Riley's Cantina. I'll be doing a little stuff before that and some special guests and that is going to be met Third Kind of a late show more information on that forthcoming. So that's kind of the business. We got to take care of the business and I hope all of you don't have a problem with the business now, this is a Business the business of the business the business but we're going to be out of here that is it for this week. I want to thank again Barry cone for coming on in, you know, sometimes it's not easy for people to come on in and share their stories and I really love sitting down with these these folks. I know which was the original intention of the knapsack files and you know podcasting has changed fortunately. It's more exciting. It's bigger. It's more prepared. It's bigger personalities bigger celebrities do it evenly show I did this wondering show I wrote for months you know it's something that I think wasn't always how podcasting was looked at looked at at the possibilities weren't there now it is and so I but I still love going back to the original intention of this podcast feed in 2013 which is to find the people in my life who inspire me and hopefully they can tell their stories to you and you connect with them on some level so thanks to Barry Cohen again for coming in and doing that that you want to support me go to patreon.com slash cat naps like follow me online and catnap suck or go to Ken apps like.com that's a lot of cat nap socks I'm tired of saying it we'll see you next time on yeah then outside files