Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the Coming weeks. We will have one of its founding fathers of this great company. So stay tuned. All right now, let's get rolling with any number two. All right, everybody. We're back here with any number two and we're joined by a very special guest Gary Bennett Gary. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for having me guys pleasure to be here. So Gary, I'm going to start off with probably the hardest question that you might have to answer today. All right, and that is how much did Chris news pay you to come onto our show? I think I actually owe him. I reached out to him and say may give me on this and was hesitant. Played hard-to-get for a while, but he finally agreed to get me on we're excited to talk to you and kind of Chronicle your journey through professional baseball and just kind of take us back through where you started where you got you some highlights of your your career, and I know we're going to talk about that 2006 World Series Championship, but just just give us a background of who you are and what you're doing now, so grew up just north of Chicago fortunate. I had opportunities to go play collegiately at a few places ended up getting drafted by Philly and 90 and the 11th round back and forth with them for a day or so and decide to give this this professional baseball thing a shot so minor leagues rookie ball 90 work my way through the through the system and then just caught some good breaks and has some good coaches and fortunately a little bit of talent caught a lot of luck in man. I'm I was made a career out of it. I really have zero complaints man bait the game giving me everything I have. What was your what was your first call up to? The major leagues? 1995 believe me. I was in double-a and I got called up to AAA leap. Mike lieberthal got called up to the big leagues. I got called it the AAA and then I think somebody maybe Lenny Webster someone tweaked an ankle and then I got called up to the major leagues for that September and 95. And I'm always curious to know just by anybody that gets called up. You remember your first at-bat and your first hit and and how about, you know, just the first picture you caught at that level. Yeah. I remember the first at-bat well, and this is a family show. So I'm going to do my best to keep it clean and we can put a pearl advisor out there you have to do normally have parents who listen I was in the bullpen. Fifth or sixth inning at the vet Philly on the phone ring. So I grab my mask grab my gloves thinking of the picture was going to get up to warm up and then the bullpen coach Irish is everybody called him. I yelled down a Bennett you're hitting and I looked at them and he had used a few other words and said basically get your butt down the bullpen tore down in The Dugout as quick as you can your hidden. So I go under the Concourse front of the state stands get down to the Dugout and Kevin elster sitting Athens playing short. And I'm pin time hit pitching for the pitcher hit night. So by the time I get my batting gloves on helmet on I can't feel my legs. I'm shaking my heart's about to come out of my chest that's vet. You walk up these steps out of the Dugout as soon as you do the fans are right over the Dugout like breathing down your neck and Philly wasn't very good then so there might have been eighteen twenty thousand stands. You can hear every word. Everybody said and I disguise given elster a hard time was yelling at them elster. You're a bum using a Other choice words he's all over them and as a month making my way up the steps and get out of the Dugout where I'm Insight Austin, he just gets quiet. He was Bennett who the hell is Bennett and a little back story at this time? It's in the sixth inning. David Wells has thrown a no hitter and he then yells out David Wells is throwing a no-hitter. We're standing up Bennett great and he used a few other choice words. So remember that was up to oh threw a fastball down the middle. I took a good healthy cut and hit off my Knuckles over our dugout. First base Dugout filed another ball off and then took strike three and walked back to the Dugout. That was my first effect. Not too many people can say though that they've got the face Boomer Wells and he was like, he's a great picture and let's go into. Do you remember your first hit? Yes. It was off. Scott Sanders in San Diego. Who's my first start? So yeah a slider. Thankfully he left over the middle to Plate he hit my barrel and I hit it between short and third the Tony Gwynn five-hole oddly enough while Tony was out there and that was my first hit. That's awesome. Hey, Gary, since since both of us came up with the Phillies, who is the who's your favorite? I guess the guy that influenced you behind the plate the most. I know we had a bunch of catching guys catching coaches that were also catchers float around that. Shin with you know guys like Don McCormick and Floyd Rayford Glen brahmers few more of them out there too. But who is the one that kind of kind of took you aside and gave you some tips to help you help you improve every year. So I think Glenn brahmer don don McCormick. I think hopefully you feel the same way. They were huge to me. I mean they put any time. I want to work they'd meet me out there. They had some good Insight. They were both guys that had to battle. It'll and scratch and Claw for everything. They got in the game. They weren't overly talented and and soon as I think you and I fall in that category which is grinded and try to get whatever we could get out of the game. Yep, but I remember early on I was scuffling my second year and McCormick pulled me aside and just gave me some tough love and a little kick in the and the rear end and so go figure it out man. Otherwise, you could think about doing something else in life and Brum Brum was always great because he kept some little comic Least there was a different cat right? There will be different cat Amina different way of teaching and always brought fun and a level of joy to what he was doing. I always had a good time and some of the stories some of the stories that you can tell if he was telling the truth or not, but those two are huge might adjust adjust. So CJ and Tyler so Glen Bremer was an old he was an old vet. He had giant giant Paws for hands me and my Lord, I mean those are some of the biggest hands I've ever seen. No, but he would always he was our coach my rookie year and he would walk around with a gun with a bat like it was a rifle and he would lay down and pretend that he was having Vietnam flashbacks and we didn't know if he was serious or not, you know, but I'll tell you what he was. You know, he was my coach again in 97 up in Clearwater and you know as a as a backup catcher, you know, you always you get frustrated when you don't get the opportunity where you get your at-bats and you're trying to go in there without playing for a week. And he took me aside and he told me he's like he goes snoozy. Nobody cares about that wooden bat in your hands. He goes if you can catch that's what we want you to do because you got eight other guys in the lineup date are supposed to hit and their jobs depend on and he goes your job doesn't depend on you hitting it depends on what you do caching. And as soon as that be like hit me home. I was like, okay, you know, then I guess it was kind of a brought me a quick piece and got me over the Mendoza Line for the season. So I was happy at that. In it crazy how some that you see the evolution of the game over the years since that conversation that you had with him you sought counseling importance of the the offensive side become more prevalent with the catchers as the years progressed. Is that something that you kind of saw as you started getting through your career layer and line on me with their guys like you audience and pledge that came up that could pretty much do everything while you're playing in to see all that but you know, there was it seemed like there's a bit of a downturn word defensive wasn't as as prevalent as it was the offensive side for the catching position. Little bit Yeah, I think there was you know a couple guys. You know, I wasn't around I don't think any of us were around to really see Johnny Bench. I know two of you weren't because you both you're a little younger than signatures. I but apparently he could do it from both sides of the ball. You know, Mike Piazza was an incredible hitter. He was more of a hitter than catcher Devon Rodriguez incredible hitter and catcher both sides of the ball Buster Posey. So I thought I don't know it's hard to say I think at some point you have to as a catcher obviously. Unless you're an incredible hitter, which there's very few of us your priorities behind the plate. But then you have to have the ability to be somewhat dangerous every now and then or put together competitive bats to keep moving up and stick around in the big leagues. And I guess absolutely that was one thing. I always provide like, you know, I always liked what Tony larussa said about what yachty you know what he provided to the game for them. You know, like he's like I didn't care what he did for us. No offense like the moment because what he does press y on the play, but you know as you see His years progressed how much of a solid hitter that yachty became learning to hit the learn to become who he was as a hitter. He learned what he could and couldn't do and his and learn to just take that take that role and run with it. No question. He's he turned himself into a very very good hitter. No doubt and defensively, you know, you bring them up in my opinion. No one's ever done it better now. I'm not saying he's the best. He's number one, but there's a group of number ones and he's in that number one. He's just watching him great day out his work ethic the attention to detail. Hail to the things that if you're not a pitching coach ER or another catcher, you really don't notice, you know, once the game is going on and he he's just his work ethic and what he cares about is this second to none. It's just it was awesome playing with him. Watch him go about his business for two years. Yeah. I got a I got a buddy of mine Pete kozma. That's actually from high school. I graduated from here from Oklahoma. He would he would Rave about yachties attention to detail about being able to set a defense or situation without really even standing up. I mean just by the fact of what He could he would set up on the plate. What do you do this hand tight you could set up and move. I think that's a lot of detail that's lost and lot of younger of the generation of kids game growing up. They forget how important that stuff is. You know that you're as good real calls it the field general, you know it which that's what you got to take charge in and Gary who are some of the other catchers. I mean, you're with a number of different teams if I can remember correctly. It was eight. I believe who are some of the other guys that you're with up there, you know, and what did they kind of bring the table and You know so early on lieberthal, you know, we were both drafted the same year and I would sit behind him here every year as we moved up and then got spend some time in Philly with him, but before that but you know Santiago, is there my first call up our second call it brother. I'm sorry. So he was there in 96 get a chance to watch him a little bit the way he went about his business but lieberthal was great because he was similar to a yachtie and their work ethic, you know was not a whole lot of fun. Flash just go get the get the job done just grind it out behind the plate had a couple years of ridiculous production often. So yeah, but defensively just incredibly solid blocked well-received. Well through well-managed the game you see moving on from there. What I go after Philly I went to was traded to New York. I was only there a short time with Piazza was there was there two weeks then I went to Colorado and then I was kind of split and time and Had the number one job for one year in Colorado than split time again in San Diego State going back Sandy Alomar. So at the end of 2002 in Colorado the Rockies trade for Sandy Alomar and so he and I split time at the back end of 2 and then just going to pick his brain. Obviously the career he had if he could have stayed healthy. Yeah would have been in line. I think for Hall of Fame conversations, but he just had a ton of health issues. Big big six for big strong fella a lot of moving Parts back there and then some of them got tweaked more than they should have so he was great to talk to and learn from him pick his brain then Brian Schneider, he and I split time or rations. They split time. I backed him up. He caught more than I did. Yeah. I was which tides and with with Montreal here in Washington than right. Yes. It was a first year, you know five with the Nationals then in st. Louis with Yadi for two years. And then I was finished up in LA with Russell Martin. Nice. No, but I think a lot of good guys there. Oh, yes Andy lieberthal and probably with Lenny Webster and Bonito or where the guys I just tried to soak up as much knowledge from and watch how they went about their game and their preparation and they were huge for me. Well, yeah, I want to ask you a quick question on some of those guys. What was the biggest takeaway you learn from any one of those guys that you took along? With you through your travels to team to team talk talking to Benito a little bit. And obviously he was he had the talent to go along with it where he would talk about not letting things kind of fester bother you too much. He was so laid back and just you know, good bad indifferent if I had a bad game, they would come up and know you don't worry about a kid and get them tomorrow or the next three days if I had a shot to go but just just the ability to stay even Keel. I think he was very good at that but he was also ridiculously talented something. I can't relate to his the ability. He had leave his work ethic, you know, just coming up with him through the minor leagues never complained, you know, you get beat up. He called a lot just you never heard him complain or hormone or do any of that stuff. You just kept consistent with his work ethic and took beating and kept moving forward and then Sandy was talking to him a lot about this just a game preparation, you know. On the lines of what CJ said Field General he helped me a lot with taking charge behind the plate because I was still unproven and somewhat young for Major League experience time when I was with them and he helped me learn to really Embrace that and run with it and when you need to speak up speak up or if you need to show a certain by language and then you need to do it because all eight of your guys are looking at you. So that's some of the things I would do it take from those guys. And yeah, he was his preparation of detail work ethic man, first one of the clubhouse. It's spring training and we get out there work out 637 morning. He's the first one they're ready to roll road trips. First one the Clubhouse. We're going to gain some scouting reports his work ethic was second. And on a lot of that certainly comes from his brothers, you know, Jose and Benji obviously schooled him well and he ran with it. Oh and I want to get into something then little touching on that. So all of us know the amount of detail that goes into before series whether it's you know, the minor leagues are major leagues. You have your meetings with Pictures you're pitching coach you're scouting reports. What did because a lot of the a lot of the people listening we'll just see the stuff on television and they're like, wow, you know, they had a good plan or this pet is pictures on on point today. What are some of the things that you can say that you guys did at the big league level when it I know the scouting reports are obviously there for your were, you know in the minor leagues were kind of like, okay, who knows? Who knows who knows this guy from that team and how did he hit you ever play with them? You know how independent? Depth is the is the information up there? It's certainly a lot more depth than we got coming up through the Marley's no doubt about that. And also you're working with with pitchers who are able to execute a game plan. If you set it up if you're doing stuff in the first inning to set things up in you know, second third fourth at-bat. When use a Gary Sheffield, for example, you might do stuff to him and his first you're second it back with without any damage on the base paths that you're not going to tip off. We're going to Third fourth at-bat if it comes up with with damage or with a chance to change the ball game. So from that side it was it was a lot easier because the pitching staff as a whole had a lot more command of their stuff and their stuff was a lot better. So our job is catchers got easier actually and then just the communication with them pregame what we want to do. We want to avoid who's hot as anyone change what they're doing the last week or so because the reports are typically the series before you see them so that they're up to date. Eight and and you know and tendencies, you know ahead by an even late in the game with guys are trying to do it's probably a little even more detailed nowt on the percentages of what the three hole hitter use a Sheffield. What does he do against a 1/2 curveball, you know, they probably have percentages of what he does and where he hits the ball 90% of the time we didn't get that crazy, but we did have a great charge we had Tendencies as you do in the minor leagues. It just was it was a lot more fun to game plan because the pitching staff used a lot more tools to work with. And you knew there would be more consistent and executing. You look like you did pretty good. You got a 91 Fielding percentage over also you got some pretty good. Let's take those going over 13 years and I'm 91. That's all. Anyway. I'll take that man. That's awesome. No Don, I was fortunate and I've no complaints no doubt about it. I mean, I obviously played with and against hundreds of guys more Talent than I was so I have no complaint fan. I talked about our last podcast and it's a hot topic for a lot of people out there and I think we talked I don't know if you heard last podcast about The one knee transition for everybody we go. That's just what your thoughts are on all this. The you know, and I was at what was the ABC a I was in Nashville this year listen to a few things I got. Where do you want to start? Yeah. I love I love what you said and your first podcast when you said it's situational which I couldn't agree with more. You know, I was in Houston this past week watching the SEC and ACC play some games that I've watched some stuff on TV and on the internet and some catcher sitting in 1D. For let's say 90% of the pitches they receive and and I saw some balls get away from I saw some balls that need to be blocked that were controlled. I saw a lot of I saw a lot of slop and part of that could be there trying new things with the one he down product could be we're still early in their season and they're not you know, as fresher is game ready as they will be but I personally think it's used too much I do. Great, I think there's a place for it. But why why are you trying to catch on one knee? What's the benefit? So let's let's start there. What are we trying to do catching on one knee things? I've noticed just a little bit as far as I think if you're getting to the interim with some younger guys that are just starting to get behind the plate teaching them to use their hands to learn the mobility of the way. They got to move with their hands. Not sure you so much of the body because this really what was taught really early on with a lot of workers kind of sway the ball a little bitch. I'm up here and move their straight down a little bit of the movement. It takes away to me. I think it takes away some of the room for error if you will, you know, try and take away some of the movements of possible to get them to work on focusing on being able to use a glove are saying the handle that better but I think if the older guys, please say you'll in the situational but I think there's a room for to certain extent where you know, I talk to JT a little bit before Rome. You don't know it's such a hybrid. He's as everything from a kickstand to a one knee to a traditional to traditional secondary to go into a one need. He pops up to throw pull the right the right knee up but you're talking about an athlete that is ridiculous. Far above anything get some ice in here. It really going to achieve at that point. The guy was a shortstop going to be a court. It was a quarterback and it be going to OSU but you're talking about all these things that he could do the yours just different athletes and and nothing against Aaron Swanson. I mean the guys got his place in the books right now with what he's done. That's great, but I don't think everybody's going to be able to transition effectively to a one knee. Cuz some people just going to be a little bit different body types and just it's not for everything. So what would with with the older guys that and we can dive into the younger guys stuff too, but with the older guys and correcting from the older guys, I mean Collegiate level minor leagues big leagues, right one one knee is giving them the ability to sell the lower pitch. Correct. Is that is that the main main point of it? I think that's from what I've gotten from Mostly guys is being able to sell the lower pitch manipulate it but also give the Umpire a little bit better View. Like that on the shoulder compared to I guess the concussion protocol to where they got to set up and that way I guess if they move they don't completely hinder and umpires YouTube said Pitch because I think it's also also on the fees using if the Umpire is looking over you he's using the knee as his basis for the bottom of the zone. So they take that out a little bit but Gary, I mean when we played I think during that time or that era God I feel old and every now But it's it was more of a side to side. You know, what could we everyone work? The corners? No one would be caught dead thrown into the middle, you know middle of the zone, you know, unless it was like Schilling who just lived up in the zone, you know most of his career, but now it's you know, I fought this for about a year before I finally said the hell with it. I'll I'll get behind the plate and try it myself to see what it feels like. So I think it's more of more of a way where guys are throwing the ball. They're not so much. About the corners as they are. Hey, I can throw a ball under the Zone 3 4 inches let my catcher get it and the if the guys hit it, they're only going to hit the ball on the ground. Anyways, that's that's what I've taken out of the whole thing over the last year. I mean, which is on the Last Broadcast and they got cut out but our guys like the the glavine's is Smoltz. The Maddox is naked pitch so far off the corners of the plate and now it's like they're getting tired. So everything's working up and down and to kind of let go what Chris was saying. Is that some of the pitch And coordinators have to talk to if you throw anything down the Zone it better move. If it's hard it better be 96 mile an hour to seem Sinker that runs three freakin feet if it's up it better be 98 or above and if it's straight it better be hard up in the zone. I think that's probably where that I guess it's tradition to so with with you know, and you're talking about up and up in the zone or you know, 4 seamers. So if here's my question one geyser primarily sitting on one need which I'm older guys, not younger guys yet. If you've got a guy that pitches up in the Zone what's the benefit of sitting on one day? If you got a guy that's a four seam in out up in the zone which is it should spit whatever job they choose. What's the benefit of sitting on one knee for a fastball up in the zone or fastball on the corner up away or in at the belt? What why would you do that then and I'm not saying it's right or wrong. I'm just that's one question it because you're gonna go primarily primarily to one knee that's good and benefit right is a lowball offer. A highball picture. Why are you on one knee? That's where the situational Point into each picture. Yeah, right. Absolutely. And I think I don't know if you caught this on last podcast to but I listed out the top ten with the statistics for framing this lifetime, but I truly believe that what they want to do and I was talking to a kid that I worked with who's in the Nationals organization and Gomes in Suzuki. They're not setting up on these they're doing it with their pitcher wants no Quentin. That's that's the next thing. You know, it's the target. What are you presenting to that guy? And that's kind of been my belief now if it was brought to me and I'm part of the organizational philosophy that we need to try to do this because that's where our pitchers need to throw. So if I'm you know, the catching coach for the New York Yankees and I got Adam Adam out of he know who's pitching who's got a devastating slider that runs away that goes, you know from east to west Then maybe it's benefit in my trying to clip the front part of the corner. You know, I'm of the essence of okay, and I said this last time and I'm not trying to sound like er to beat a dead horse, but I'm working for the picture that so quickly. Absolutely and so yeah, we are maybe we're trying to throw the ball off the plate and not trying to earn a strike because we're setting it up for the next sequence or the next pitch. So am I setting up down? Well, that's great. I give it a visual Maybe. Get a high percentage straight or low percentage strike that increases the probability to move the ball back to the plate. But what am I doing? How are we attacking this guy? You talked about scouting reports a little bit ago about okay. What are his Tendencies? What was he good the game before at what pitch and I think you know if we're just looking at it from a customer's perspective. Okay, that's just one bit of piece of information that we need to take from pitching coaches hitters. You know, what everybody else has seen so I'm of the yes. Since it too. Yeah, it's situational over transactional or you know, when when is the right time to do it? Where am I going to show it and I'm having that conversation with my picture. Do you appreciate the value in the way that I set up on this pitch on this specific pitch or do you want to get underneath his knuckles a little bit and having sting a little bit back him off the plate. Now, we can expand it to West you know on the west side of the plate whatever that's just kind of my philosophy on it. I just I'm with you. I'm a little bit on the It's on both sides. I think there's different ways that you can set your body up the to create a better View for the Umpire. But I think there's also ways that you can use your knee for relaxation. You know, I was a bigger guy. I'm six foot four inflexible as all hell so it would be to my advantage. I think a little bit now we're blocking has been devalued and I we were going to talk about this I think a little bit with you with regards to pick offs and the Run game. Okay. Well that's gone way down essentially because of instant replay. Where does that go and play you know, what's your thought on that? So we talked about receiving East-West up down, you know north-south whatever. How about the the other essence of okay catcher framing is at an all-time high. That's how we're taking the Gold Glove winner is now you know, you got a guy like Austin Hedges want to find the catching position. So it's pretty good. Right? Yeah, and we got a guy like off. Hedges who hit 190 last year 200 slightly above the Mendoza Line, but he's really good at stealing strikes. So where do we go from there? I guess Gary. I mean, what are your thoughts on all this? You know, you've asked us questions. We're ready to fire back at you and that you're gonna ask you this question along with what are just right there. So you've seen you seen Pudge and Yadi come through catching two and you see where they would relax the left knee or drop the left knee a little bit when they would set up prior to a pitch, but they're back. Doesn't completely I guess sink down so much as they go to a one knee. So when you see Yadi kind of turned corner to a side and drop to one knee he still kind of Fairly tall with the upper body. He doesn't just completely I guess. Girl his shoulders over his body so deep so he sighs a big backdrop kind of go from that when blood going to add to this why we saw it. What why that's why it's not really used as much 90 more like you see judge when he would set up. He would just sink the left me in a little bit and let the butt and hips drop now dude wasn't six to he wasn't 6-3. He was 510 on a good day maybe right but he was already a low body little Target, but he still made himself a fairly wide presence when he needed to be but just the left knee with Dropping a bit if that's what we're talking about getting a bit lower to work with that lower pitch to get thumb under to work there first just to be clear. I'm not against this. Like I said, I agree CJ when you said it situational couldn't agree more and if you could lay on your back and catch or stand on your head and get it done by all means do it. Then I think CJ we said some of those guys with reality and Pudge. It's you know, it's your personal preference what allows you to get comfortable back there and get in a relaxed position. Shouldn't present the ball the best you can and going back to what Travis said and I had to picture in Mark leiter was out letters brother. I caught him in Philly and he would get on me about not giving him a good enough Target with the gloves going back to what we're the main purpose back. There should be to set up our pitcher wants us to set up to give him the best visual to be as effective as he can. So so part of that I think is being comfortable back there too. But Tyler you bring up a great point. You need to ask your pictures. How you Want me to set up here, you know, if I get my give you my Target in my glove, are you starting at my glove? Are you trying to finish at my glove? What are you trying to do here? Where do you want me to some guys like a big catcher set up real wide to see a small Target in the glove to focus some guy. I'd like to see a real tight like Jason Kendall and maybe the glove looked a little bit bigger. So these are conversations. I think especially Collegiate catchers in Minor League catchers need to have with their pitching staff because they might need to change with wherever their picture is now in the big leagues your pictures going to let you know. He set up this way. Let's go on. That's how I want to see it. So that's I think a point that's more important than should you go knee down she's gonna be up when you should only down anytime start with your glove on the ground start with your glove at your knee. This should all be dictated with a conversation with our pitching coach and I think our pictures well, you said are there about Jason Kendall is awesome. I got to spend a year in Big League camp with him with Milwaukee and getting to watch guys. Like lacoya came up behind myself coming up when they did the coil almost had kind of a similar step. Kendall did earlier on in square where he was a little bit kind of a really narrowed need some of that with a tall backdrop, but he was very mobile to be able to reach out over his knees really. Well the same point because you're not actually going to tell a guy to just naturally set up that way all the time unless that's they can get there. But one of my one of my favorite guys I got to catch besides Max and in Chicago was Chris capuano. I was in Milwaukee. Yeah. I'll get to go out early one of my best comment ever got was hey, I love The way you set up for me. This looks great. I want you catching my pins and Camp dude, I feel comfortable with you back there. Awesome. You know, then yeah, you get someone else I'd Mark Rogers young guy was coming up, you know with me as well coming through he wants some dialed in a little bit tighter just to do throws 98 to 99. You know, I've I'm gonna miss I needed I need to know where I'm dialing in that so I don't miss too bad, but I think that's like you're talking about that's awesome, you know, teach in one way and I know you guys mentioned last last few podcast about the cookie cutter approach and that's Gets me frustrated to was as I think you mentioned there was an organization that said they couldn't catch on one knee and maybe there's organizations say hey, we want everybody catching on one knee versus let's try both. Are you comfortable do it? Are you not and you know back to you know, like a Jason Kendall why why didn't everyone catch like Jason Kendall because he was a hell of a catcher back there. So why do we force everybody to do that? And I think it's very important to emphasize what you guys tonight. It's not cookie cutter. And if everyone's forcing everybody to do try it by all means let's try everything but But I can't catch like you guys caught you know, we couid. None of us. Could there's other Johnny Bench party content for Yogi Berra caught different but we got to figure out what works for us. And what makes us most productive and effective behind the plate. Absolutely and number one if we're doing something that just does not feel comfortable with your body. If you're if you're a high setup or if something is feels foreign, you're not going to be comfortable with the guy that's throwing a sinker or a heavy slider, you know, and they next thing, you know, you're panicking. Back there saying jeez I got to get this and you put extra pressure on yourself. You know, where you have to be. Hey, this is where I am. This is this is how flexible I can be for me. I was always, you know telling the guys. Okay, I'm going to I'm just going to get my knees as wide as I can. I'll be up right for you. Just try to hit me in the chest. Let me see if I can you know still you a couple pictures here and there but there I mean we played with other guys that were you know, you see a lot of the guys they would set up and as soon as the pitcher get halfway to you they would drop a knee to the ground kind of stabbed out, you know on a corner pinch, you know, and he'd see see tons of different styles, but they all happen in a split second. Where now it's almost like you're seeing it before the pitch is even thrown where there is, you know, there's an art the way that we used to do it is there is today with you know, how guys are bringing their gloves up, you know, 6 7 8 10 12 14 inches, you know in one motion, but it's at the end of the day. I mean, it's what you said Gary at the end of the day it's results. It doesn't matter how you do it just as if you're going to get it done. Have to see that that's to that way you're saying they're moving the glove that much and I can't remember where it was. I was talking to my my agent was in here before he went back to spring training Tucson, but how many pitches umpires actually missed last year as a whole? I wasn't more than over like two-and-a-half to three-and-a-half percent of pitches and were missed but you're talking hundreds of pitches in a game and you're you know, maybe maybe ten ten fifteen balls get missed maybe at that. I mean or Five if you have driven pitches in a game, you're missing five six pitches. That's that's a pretty damn good average pretty good average. So we're not missing too much. So I mean if the guys are moving to that much, I don't know if they're really manipulating the ball that much to take down pyres view really really make the difference if they're calling it before he catches it then they're pretty damn good. I mean if they're finds already made it up before they caught it mean that that split of a second and they're pretty good. So I don't know if we're trying if we should really be moving it that much I mean Joe's can't be that bad why the place this isn't a Little League World Series, you know, I mean these guys once they get into professional baseball umpire and they've got a good idea of what the strike zone is and what guys do behind the plate. So it's I think it's almost like it's a little bit too too erratic Gary. What's your thoughts on the on the television simulated strike box since you don't call it a zone is it? I think that's the that I said it last time and that's the big that's my big pet. Beef is a sing a song came out as I thought you're going to start talking about the cheating there for a second about the TV's. I thought you were getting ready to go there. Sorry. I was like, oh crap. Here we go. Now just I mean, that's the same thing there you guys are you know, they're be on television and the announcers are like, you know, he's missing eat umpire missed that pitch and that was a strike. You're also catching a ball that's out of a hand into your glove and about a third of a second and I don't know. I mean, it's always been like I said, it's a Zone it's not a strike box, but I hated that thing. I just wanted to confirm with you as well. We also all know that technology is also human are to I mean, that's no way to technology is going to be perfect. If there's it couldn't be well that box were see on TV too. I don't believe it adjusts / hitter height Wise It's also from a camera that's off center. It's not right behind home plate. So that box is not accurate. So that that's the thing that frustrates me is the people at home say, oh you missed that where you're looking at a camera that's 10 15 feet to the pictures. Right, you're looking at a box that stays the same for every hitter. So maybe a hundred feet away. No, no, maybe the fans love it. And if they do then okay stay with it, but I can't stand it. I hate it when it's on TV. So what are sitting here right now talking with Gary Bennett Gary we can follow you on Twitter at GD B, J R5 the former Major League catcher Gary. I got a question for you. I'm curious this one you were with the st. Louis. Cardinals in 2006 and you had a pitching coach by the name of Dave Duncan a former catcher. How is that interaction with him somebody that had caught but he was acting as the pitching coach curious your thoughts on that a good research. They're good real good research. Very nice on top why he's the man obviously by the time I was around a donkey had a long career as a player and as a coach very a highly respected highly regarded in the game. And with that Jose Luis crew. It was it was a lot of fun. Just just the way they approach their attention to detail that was different there than anywhere else. I've been in dunk had a she's a rolling cabinet of binders and files from years and years and it was fun. Give getting his perspective working with pictures as a former catcher and the way he would talk about because some Sometimes you get into these pictures meetings and with other teams and I won't go into detail or specifics or names. But hey, you can't throw this you can't throw this and we can't go here in this situation. What the hell? How do we go out? And what can we just walk? You know where dump very real and had a unique way of picking weaknesses out or Tendencies or Trends in just got this because this perspective is from where our perspective was and you can see and feel things differently back there that other people at haven't been back there. They they can't do it. They can't relate to it. So he definitely had a different way of working with pictures and picking up Tendencies and weaknesses. And then also a way to work with pictures on their technique and what they're doing with the baseball because like I said, it was totally different perspective versus a former pitcher not not better not worse just a different perspective from it from a catcher's Vantage Point than a pitching coach vantage point. So it was certainly unique and you can't say enough about his track record in a successful. Really level? I mean do you feel like more catchers or X catchers should become pitching coaches. Do you think that's a good segue? I think a lot of people jump into okay. I'm going to be a hitting coordinator. I'm going to be a catching coordinator because that's what I know. How come nobody has taken that leap or did you ever consider maybe becoming a pitching coach at at the professional level or at the Collegiate level? He'll know. I think dunk was very unique to do that any good at doing it. There's certainly Mike Mike Maddux was he was unbelievable. He was extremely strong very good at what he did and you know, they're both in the under the number one category for me and there's a host of others underneath them that I really really enjoyed working with. So, I don't know if catchers as a group should automatically attack the pitching coach position. I'm certainly not going to Advocate her suggest that I was with that I'm gonna ask a question here on that is what was the experience like because neither one of us. Us here have experienced a at least a World Series championship at the major league level. You know, what what was that like man? I got some insight, you know from from a an infielder, you know from Pete when he was with st. Louis in that time, but as a catcher, you know, what what's it? What's it like going through all that is what's a preparation and you know in series what's that like so with with when I signed with St. Louis and went into spring training and then looked around the room it was the first time. I've been on Team down two teams, you know, but it was the first time I walked into a room and saw the amount of talent and the expectation what we weren't out they weren't out with me because I just joined the team that they were not least saying, hey, we're going to World Series, but that was the intention from day one. It wasn't like we hope we're gonna have a good year. It was expected and you know, you see Rolen Edmonds pool host, you know, eckstine the pitching staff that motor Carpenter isringhausen. It just did the talent was just Molina behind the plate. He looked around the room. Like wow, this is this is pretty unique. I haven't been in this situation before so going into it. It was different from day one for me you'd like I said the other teams we had always the goal had always been there and the Hope was we could play well enough to compete to get to the postseason this walk into that Clubhouse it was expected. So that was unique to start with and then as a group they, you know, it's cliche or was pulling on the same end of the Rope. But it really was when the pictures I'll give an example. So let's say Mark Mulder is going to throw a bullpen Chris Carpenter Jeff. Suppan. Anthony Ray has all the other starters would walk down the bullpen with and they'd watch him throw his Bullpen and they would watch everything. You know, are you tipping anything? Are you doing anything different here? What could you are you not finishing this and they would they with the picture with Duncan and with the bullpen coach Marty Mason would all work collectively with each person. So every time one picture went down Group went that's all it was. It was phenomenal, you know and then the doll feel there's the hitters meetings the everything was it really was everyone pulling on the same side of the road to their the the only goal was to play as well as we could position ourself for for postseason play and there was no hidden agenda and if you weren't doing the work that was necessary to be done someone in that Clubhouse is going to call you out if you're getting lazy with looking to scouting reports, if and team meetings, you know, you haven't talked in three or four teen means they say Say Mary. Are you here? You got anything to add? I mean this come on, you gotta get with us here what we're trying to do. So it was it was unique in that regard and then sorry for the long answer but no no this is this is great the way it works through and it was a it wasn't without its bumps. I think we had three 8-game losing streaks that year and Pujols went out with an oblique injury Evans went out concussion with austex dine at one point made of a hand mirror or a wrist think rolling with down at one time isringhausen needed surgery. So The things that happen throughout there's that was that were challenging but it was there wasn't any bows us all day. And here we go. Xikar you plug in let's go. It's keep moving forward. So and then once we hit the playoffs, so I think we went in the playoffs. No one was expecting much from us, and then we went into San Diego on paper. The Mets were a monster San Diego is very talented a year and I remember walking in the clubhouse with Scott spiezio, and we looked at the starting lineup for that game 1 And X time rolling pool hosts everybody who at one point or another have been hurt throughout the season. Everybody was healthy and had the first time since that April. I think that that was the case and I believe that April was the most I think we set a record for most wins in St. Louis history, but I think 2017 broke it in the history of the car. Was that April? So April were on fire and pull offs that we start some of the injury start taking off, but I remember walking in that Clubhouse. Both looked at each other after looking at line, but like damn that everybody's healthy that looks like that looks pretty damn good and I know with you to put off we're not losing for your house won the World Series and it was it's so hard to put into words what it was. I mean, we've all assuming played Wiffle ball in the backyard or throwing a ball up and hitting yourself and as a seven-year-old hit the home run game seven World Series or thing about dogpiling and it was there's nothing I could there's not enough things I could pile on first days holidays snow days. Whatever that that emotion of what it was when that happened. I mean lifelong goals for all of us and I got those portion of the taxi come through. What time did you guys get out of the clubhouse that night? It was late. It was certainly late and then we carried that over to another establishment not too far from from the stadium and some of the st. Louis faithful came out and enjoy it with us. So few slaps on the back lots of hugs. And they were right it's amazing. I can now I can appreciate the Caddyshack paying no behind you. I just noticed that buying that's that's yeah, that's pretty cool. I dig that and yet the Caddyshack next the Peloton. All right. Now that was a Shameless plug for Peloton right there for anybody who uses a pillow time. I use I use judge snails as my motivation while I'm on the toilet top. There you go. That's awesome quick just because it's because the name of the show is the mound visit obviously. Reality either minor league or major league guys that you went out to talk to somebody on the mound and and it got eventful that there's as you guys know, I'm sure you had this there's some interesting conversations that happen on the mound, but nothing too crazy. I tell you to that stick out for me one was Kent mercker left-handed pitcher of you guys. Remember that name pitch for a long time absolutely hated mountainous hater. So We were in Colorado together no to and he's nibbling at the eight doesn't nibble I shouldn't say that he was he was missing his own. He wasn't all wasn't sharp fall behind in counts ball hitting the Gap fall behind account another ball hit in the Gap ball. One home run that he walks the guy and I go to the mound and you can see he's fuming one about how he's pitching but to that I'm coming to the mouth. And I'm going to try to not use any bad language of keep this a family show but there's some very creative language used as soon as I got to the mound he starts on and I just sat there with Matt mask on looked at him and let him go for a minute or so. I said you done he got on me against the hey man. Do you think I want to walk my ass out here to the mountain I said if you could get somebody out, I'll happily sit back there and catch all the outfits that ain't happening right now. That's why I'm out here. So that was one of them is Jared. We're able playing the Giants at pacbell or what's it called? Now Hagar was AT&T or is 18 hours. So it's packed its 2000 through the Giants are good. It's Rowdy. We're up one run six seventh inning and Jared and I would always go back and forth if he shook me sometimes I go back with what I wanted. He'd Shake again and you know, we'd have interesting conversations after the game. So this had gone on a couple months. Sorry for it might have been richer really I forget who is hitting and Jared wasn't cutting it loose at day. He was mid to Upper 90s locating. So it's 1/2 got a man on first base line fastball and he shakes like a fastball and he shakes again, so he steps off the mound and just kind of tilt his head back and gives me like the knobs up could come on here. So I go out there he put his glove over his mouth and he said hey when I such-and-such sake put down another blanking sign. He looks at me in the eye and I said you got it boss and I slapped him on the back as hard as I could. Right on top film a jog back to the we get out of the inning sit down. He comes sits next to me goes could have done without slap on the back and they just walked away and it was sounding a little bit of a little bit of a Bull Durham reference on that one. I wanted to announce my presence with authority. There you go, very creative language and interesting conversation sometimes. Well, it's funny cuz you just mentioned you just Mentioned that he put his glove over his head now, I think it was an I think I messaged you the other day. So we're talking about we're talking about when you go to out for a mound visit pitchers typically put their their hand over their mouth and I always ask the kids. I'm like, how come they're like well because lip-reading and you know, I'm like, well, I've never met anyone that lip-reading I said, normally they're just simply cussing you under their breath, but they don't want anyone to see it but they're you know, they're saying every word in the book will tell you get out there then it's like Yeah out here. Well, Gary is carry my give her no, I need lip readers. He's like, yeah I could so I would love to hear this because I and here's the best thing. He said he could do it in Spanish too. No, no. No I said misinterpreted. No I said if you say Cambio I'm going to I'm going to pick that up. But oh, yeah, obviously I was joking with you when I said I am on the lip reader I was going to say, you know, it's certified appraiser good because I haven't met anyone that I'm like, well, that's just Then I'm nowhere near that level ever. That's insane. So yeah, but I mean with the TV's, you know and everything obviously that goes on I'm sure they can they can see when the audios up close but I tell the kids in high school and in college and that is that you can't really treat lip read any lips and said your coach can't either and plus he's you know, he's a hundred feet away from you what have I said, they're just they're just talking smack about you under your breath itself and it makes us look really important like we got some, you know top secret stuff to discuss. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. What is he talking? Going about Jesus. All right, you'll never know that's a question about since its spring training time in the guys are they're gearing up and some of my league is just now getting ready to go back which I can't remember spring training starting this late for some guys. I can remember reporting this printer I even lied I went to big lie camper a few times. But even when I was in my early Camp, I can remember reporting this late in spring training what things did you do to prepare to get ready to go to spring training? Because now, you know before people used to say, you know your spring training it ready to give For your season will now it's always been yours back. You know, you go into spring training ready like you're ready when you get to spring training to run a job to take a job to show somebody you're ready to play that day. What was your your offseason mentality like a what kind of things did you go through? I was lucky enough that you know, there's a few players that lived around me a couple arms, I could catch every now and then but I tried to one getting the best shape I could because I knew as we know the season goes on we play ourselves out of shape for the most part, but, you know try to regain some strength. Don't wake it looks stronger lower body. And then a lot of it was spent hitting trying to get to know my swing better try to hopefully improve on it. I didn't do a whole lot defensively probably once I was twenty four twenty five, but up until that, you know block every winter 18 19 20 years old, I would because we don't have a good grasp on it yet. So I would get after that way but near the end was basically basically trying to I should say near the end of less. Ten Spring training I went to trying to get as strong as I could trying to get as flexible as I could and then obviously improving any any and every way I could with my swing offensively to hopefully be a little more competitive and that's I want to go back because not to to beat this too much but the one nice stuff CJ, you know, you start talking about the teaching younger guys. Mmm, and I know as soon as you were talking about introducing two young guys to my in we could talk about this with hitting to which we won't I was we're talking catching but I Relates where I think sometimes especially when I see young catchers, 10 11 12 13 years old and I'll see like last year. I saw a couple guys in the game just catching primarily on one knee the issue I have with that and this is my opinion right wrong. Whatever you feel free to disagree all you want. I don't think they have a solid enough Foundation of catching Basics. Like if you bring up a Salvador Perez R JT or any of those guys Oh, yeah, if they wanted to there so that they could do anything they want and I think sometimes with young players we try to get to advance to early with caching and and if unless they're able to consistently block and move side to side and create some leg strength and body awareness introduced it. Yes, maybe you know, we're going on basement to out you want to catch two fastballs. Go ahead. Yeah, but Have these young guys focus on working on that. I don't understand it and I don't necessarily agree with it there again. I'm not saying I'm right. I'm just saying that's that's where I get have take exception to it when they don't even have a foundation to build off of yet. We're trying to teach him stuff the guys in the big leagues are doing I guess this is maybe a step aside up off this topic, but it's somewhat relates. So let's say you have a and I don't know. What do you do any you know some instruction on the side if you do how would you introduce that? To a 12 year old or 13 year old or even a high school or college kids? How what would you start with? I guess, you know more or less for our listeners like OK you caught 13 years in the big leagues. You played a lot more professional baseball than that. And what where would you start with one of these guys and then when they come to you and they start setting up on Annie. What would be your response to them? I do I do work with with young catchers and then some kids in college and a couple guys from the minor leagues now, which is also To watch we have a part of a facility or just north of Chicago and I have been since 2008 give them Applause. I don't know. What's that? Who is it? I'm the plug. Okay. Yeah. So in Tyler where I would start with where I do start with it is mainly receiving, you know for working off the machine and rather than squat there for 15 minutes. Obviously, they're going to get fried which we rotate them through what they don't but I'll have him set in there, you know, just sit relaxed. Like you're giving a sign received. They're getting your secondary position. Let's work on receiving their off your left knee low inside out and then maybe the third or fourth round. Hey just sit on one knee that's really just work your hands of folks on the low pitch whether it's picking it whether it's getting underneath it and working up introduced it that way that's that's kind of what I do. So but I don't focus on the one day. Usually when we're doing our drills. I want them as athletic as they can be and I know you guys talked about that a lot in the first part of the athletic. Certainly more athletic in our secondary stance up down left and right then we are in 1D knowing nothing. Anybody can say it can miss me differently. So there I want them to focus on being as let athletic as they can and building at catching foundation. And once they can do that, then we can get creative with some other stuff. That's my phone. Absolutely. There will introduce it as a leg saver, you know as late as the game goes on. Hey, we know if you're catching three four games into a if one teams only got maybe one good catcher the other one man. You put them back there. It's just kind of like giving the guy a break for you know, a couple Innings give yourself a break here and there on a fastball, you know, or nobody on base less than two outs. And that's not a dangerous situation that could you know, hinder your team. Absolutely and that's kind of where we break that into then then we've got some guys like I know like coach driver is now with the Cubs as they're catching coordinator. I've got a couple guys there that are there and when they were here in the offseason we work on they wanted them to make sure they could focus on doing the work one. Nice set up for makes you really working on. Our pocket to to work, you know, that's kind of a 1260 12 movements in that area. But they're also already like to talk about a different type of athlete, you know, they've been doing it. They've got some established movement. So what they do, they're professionals already, you know, you're not just going to say hey I created this guy from this to this are already got movement patterns that are set to them now. So I like that I think the younger kids to you. You also have to let them know that it's going to be what we talked about before. It's got to be situational, you know, so if you're you know, I mean when I was younger, I was taught on a pitch like a two strike fastball that's off the corner you trying to steal strike you you stab out at it, but you also drop that knee down at the same time you lock out and it gives that appearance. I mean, there's a whole bunch of different things like that, but you can't just say hey first pitch of the game. I'm going to do it this way. Second Pitch. I'm doing it this way. If it's a curveball I have to do it this way because then as they get older, you know, people are going to know well if he goes down here typically does it for breaking balls, you know, and the kids do they see that stuff. And they have to they have to be more athletic. They have to understand number one the feel of the ball hitting your hand hitting the glove. And then what is your hand going to do after that? Where should it be position? Where should it finish, you know and then work the body second for a picture, especially the younger kids. I mean, I'm taking a stab at coaching High School this year and hoping the kids will, you know have some somewhat of an idea about command I know but there's a me. Pretty good. From what I've seen so far, but I work with the one of the catchers and I've always said look I just want them throwing to your chest. I don't care about anything else, but I want you to be when they look down at you the your look they're looking and they're seeing almost in an oval, you know for a Target instead of you know, instead of a triangle with the guys with the knees touching and the heels out and you know, I want them big because you know, I would rather have a guy Miss to an area then try to be something super specific and then Get them further off in the hole. You know, Chris uses a mirror to that was that's really important is how they set up for a pitch and I think that gets lost with a lot of younger catchers do is I can sit there and I've gotten watching the bar our Academy teams that we have with Sandlot. That's the total sample code that we've got here and you can watch these other team set up with the guys that teacher catchers and vice versa and even high school guys. You can call a pitch by just how the catcher sets his feet up, you know one way he might be a little more turned into the corner when he goes this Side or set up here or he sets up with his feet and or moves left foot before move his right foot. I mean, there's so many different things you can look at and kids don't realize it. You know, you can pick up so many different things by just what you do as a catcher and giving away your pictures, you know his sequences and everything else just by what you do and I don't think they take that serious enough to that's going to prolong them as they go further. That's not that's part of what's going to be in their repertoire of I've got to be a very quality Catcher from the go the next level. I can't just give away everything pitched. it well, you said that that right there just you know looking at how they set up, you know, we'd be able to pick out a guy if he was going in or out just by you know, if you're going away to a righty you'll see a lot of times guys will move the right foot first, you know, and if it's less going inside, they move their left foot first and there you see this stuff but you talk to the normal kid or normal paranormal coach and they're like really you guys look for that and to us to us, that's second nature like yeah, why wouldn't You you know, if you do not see his elbow twitchin. It means he's given the catcher's given a curve ball. You know, you just gotta I won't say bang on a garbage can but well, you know figure that out. But yeah, I mean we all we all know how you know the tendencies that catchers give and you know, we teach the kids to be aware of that. So when they're they are giving a sign they're not they're not making it blatantly obvious to the other team who's watching them. You know, what's happening to prevent the stuff? and I think that's perfect talking about all these different when you're introducing six things for a catcher to do versus a let's be consistent with our one stance and our secondary stance and then let's build then that that's I guess what it where it gets me is would the young guys not just to go backwards is a lot of stuff gets introduced for spent too much because look the guy and TVs doing that well you're not ready for that they've caught thousands of innings and hundreds of thousands of balls where you're you know you're in a couple hundred right now exactly I mean do you still watch baseball and if you do is there any particular catchers that you really like and what they're doing I guess go from there yeah yeah yeah he's still fun to watch JT the getting can't fill these piece silly I enjoy just how athletic and the stuff you could do behind the plate he's really good Buster was fun to watch you know he's he's the the miles are starting to to build up on him so he's on the downside well I shouldn't say is on the down slope but he's certainly not his Peak those are probably the three that stick out Salvador Perez certainly he was a lot of fun to watch as well but that that cat in Philly right now he's he's special man I really enjoyed watching him do you think Posey had a coach that actually took him aside to say in case you're ever going to get into a collision here's what you should do and what you shouldn't do the I'm right there with you he poops news reports to he put himself in a horrible position unfortunately I got it of course you that guy that ran him over to Keith he shouldn't have taken Mmm Yeah what do you think about I mean that was always something I played hockey when I was younger I love collisions I love getting low. I'd love to having guys flip over the top or you know, spinning off of them even the the way Mike. So she used to do we used to literally lay down and stick his knees in front of the plate and for you to slide into them. You know, that was that's almost an art in itself to and you know guys ask. Well, you know, everything is so protective right now. It takes away. It takes away that part of the game that was you know, the aggressiveness was something that some people People welcomed and you know when you were when you're growing up and you're going to be a catcher like man, you got to be a different cat to be back there. You got to be a little crazy in the head because you got balls being thrown at that. You got to want it to hit your body. You got guys that are going to try to truck you and you got to say okay just make sure you leave your mask on. Yeah, you know, how are the you know for you doing, you know doing some stuff on TV and everything and probably have more access to talking to guys over the last few years when they came out and they got rid of that rule. where there's no more collisions you have to slide in or slide away you know how did how did guys feel about that you know two catchers are like thank God or they're like man it sucks I enjoyed that part of the game well I think most of us the four of us and us is catchers anyone else out there would agree that we were all happy that see the parts of me that I didn't like was if throws coming from right field and we were a foot in front of the plate because it really wasn't going to be a play and then there are certain runners that would punch it now you're naked you're not even looking at them you've given up the plate and there's still guys that would go after you that's the only part about collisions at the plate I didn't like the other I shouldn't say I didn't like I didn't except I mean you said you liked getting pummeled wasn't my favorite thing to do but it's part of the gig and I knew that so I think that was the biggest thing where if we were up the first base line or the plate was there guys will go out of their way to hit you but outside of that yeah there were some catchers that were like it's that takes that kind of that being a little little nuts a little not so dumb and a little aggressive away from what we do back there but then I would say the only benefit they're the only positive I should say the only one of the positives you got guys that won't go out of the way that they can't go out as well they still can but they're out a lot of their way to hit you when the plate is is open Universe if it's bang bang and you're hanging in there then by all means you do what you got to do and I'm gonna do what I got to do but if there's not going to be a play and I've given up the plate you still come after me that's that's the kind of stuff that's yeah Yeah, when you're going out of your way to hurt someone, I mean if it's if it's a bang bang play then I was always all for it. You know, but I don't I don't think I ever was in a position where I had someone literally come up the line and try to you know, even like on a force play home, you know bases loaded and you got the runner bearing down. We were always taught to slide and try to try to touch him try to knock them off as throw a little bit not too, you know not to try to flip them over. Yeah. But like I said, I think it was just a different era, you know that we're in right now and the game is continually changing and we all have to kind of kind of change with it and see where it goes and I think the big Point going back to Buster's we talked about collisions at the plate is is we had to make sure we put ourselves in a position where we're at least likely to get hurt. Yeah, and he and with his leg behind him and he wasn't really expecting to get run over then. That's that's how he got caught vulnerable. Yeah. I mean I saw when I saw that happened I was just like before And I'm like, oh my God, what are you doing? What no, no, you know and then after and you want to be like God, you know, how how how does how do you get in a position to allow it to happen? But you know lucky I mean, he was a former shortstop tremendous athlete, you know, great arm love watching the stuff, you know, his highlight videos are you can sit and watch those four hours, you know, he's just a special talent back there. Who is your son a catcher? Yes boat. I have a freshman at mezuzah catcher have a junior in high school. Who's a catcher and then I have a daughter freshman whose volleyball and soccer so the two boys they added that a choice. I mean it was up to them. It was either they caught or they get beat every Tuesday night. So it was up to that. I didn't matter. So choose a lot of the catching some people be easier on your body. If not, I'm gonna beat the tar out of here right? There you go. But yeah, it's fun if they both seem to enjoy most of the time it's fun for me the time. Look at me like I have two heads. It's I don't appreciate that too much. Just give Dad. What the hell you talking about? What do you know? But other than that, we didn't get into work with them and you know, just honing the craft doing the small stuff. We all did working on receive working on blocking man. I love it. It's not a constant though. Get your own kids. Look at you. Like I've got experience for like dude your dad just yeah, but up leave me alone. Yeah, you know, I did a little bit. It's I think I think it's a constant. So I mean my I've got to get to my own that they played softball and baseball. Ball and did you how many how many sports did you play you play multiple Sports as you were coming home to the high school and basketball football baseball. I played awfully hungry until my senior year. I broke my leg in football and basketball. I broke my leg my goodness. You're both you boys play multiple Sports as well. The one at Missouri was football wrestling baseball and then he stopped wrestling after sophomore year and the younger one is Football baseball still playing football right on what elevations in football they play they both played cornerback. So I guess speak they got their speed from their mom. Wow. And if you can't do it this way, then you're probably not going to play for us because the data and analytics show. If we do it this way this is going to work for us taking human element completely out of it and it goes back to you know, they talk about is you know, when and Moneyball, you know that money while you can't tell them what's that guy? Like what's inside that person? What's he doing? What's he going through? You know, he's over 10 right now. What's he struggling with swing looks fine. What's he doing with what's wrong with him? Well, analytically he sucks. Well swing looks good, but he's not hitting what's wrong. Well, there's something always a little bit under. I mean, I don't think we value that part of the Gaming board to that like it's I think we're getting away from that. What's your thought on that? Yeah. No. No the feel the intangibles things. They can't quantify when I say they I think I'm just saying they people that are so analytically driven or and the Pendulum has swung so far to one way for them that that's the only way or the main way. They evaluate somebody there's so much more involved. You know, how they deal with adversity. What kind of teammate are they? I mean, we've all seen guys with more Talent than percent of us but one they were horrible teammates and to they once the game started they could perform you know so from all the metrics they should have been in the Hall of Fame you know but the and then we've seen guys I'm one of the most Talent guy the world I've kicked around and wore my welcome out in a few times if they were to put metrics on me I probably would have never got a shot for something so you don't and it's there's there's a lot more that goes into it so hopefully the pendulum will swing back I certainly think there's a place in the equation for a lot of this data to give us a better picture on a complete picture on an athlete but some people go way over the top of it all right I just want to say real quick I was on Twitter this morning and there was a topic about the the new rule changes and as far as the pickoff moves taking that away from lefties inside moves from a righty with a guy in second all these rule changes that are you're exactly right taking out human element taking out you know the pageantry of the game you know having a coach going argue with a with an Umpire and go nose-to-nose spit on spit you know talking about who's right who's wrong you know all that stuff seems like it's trying to get weeded out of the game thoughts on that so with some of these changes has anybody heard why why doesn't that Fender up to step off why no inside move why this shame what's the objective analysis because they want more people stealing bases that's what I read this morning that's the only reason so they're going to eliminate eliminate certain pickoff moves because there they can be deceptive manage that and I mean yeah if you if you face the guy with I mean you remember Larry Wimberly right with the Phillies yes absolutely so Larry one of the best Lefty moves I remember we had a we had a scrimmage game and he did the move where he took his you know wiped his head and ball was in his hand in his in his his hat holding his glove and the other hand picked me off but I mean there are guys that you know that Pat it was another one they made their living picking people off you know and when you eliminate that and what's where's it going to be next you know you're going to have ghost Runners on First and and say I don't know I'm just I'm not a big fan of all of these like there's so many changes being thrown at you all at once you know it's not even saying hey we're going to try this for a couple of years it's so we're going to go robot umpires we're going to take away Inside Moves s you can't do this that or you know what is the game going to become 10 years from now so and I'm going inside moving takeoffs this could be a whole nother Indigent whole other podcast that's really we need to get some pictures out for that one yeah you do yeah be a good one to talk to them about yeah but that's the thing I'd with the changes that they want more runs I don't even know what have runs done I have no idea the last five six ten years where it were run do they weigh down or they about the same or they up I got what they wanted me wrong I don't know but they can't fill your pencils down and they can't say they're not making money because I know this is like the third year in a row that the revenue shares been the highest it's ever been in Major League Baseball history and I know I probably shouldn't say this but stop screwing with a freaking game with yeah just like the game be I know we got too many guys with their hands in the pot trying to change stuff I mean well we ain't broke don't fix it right we can switch this over to hitting podcast if we wanted to but oh my God yeah more there's no hit-and-runs I mean yeah stop striking out how about that one let's let's let's launch angle no no it's exit exit exit that's gonna keep this on another two hours don't go there dump the barrel threaded barrel swing uphill and then break your back in the third vertebrae and then the lumbars kick in this that'd be a good segue for you to talk about the Jeff fry Twitter man that was that was great that was awesome I love how he said how do we how do we live how he said how are we any good if we didn't know all this stuff back then yeah Gary misses been awesome and we really really appreciate this I knew it no not at all all right well thank you for coming on this is this is great to hear your Insight on a ton of different topics always good to good to see you know some people who ran across back in the day yeah I mean we would love to have you back on again okay This thing up. So if you got any new Buddies, they want to come on and had a good time by all means have them have MDM us shoot us a message and love to have the more guys the merrier. So I'll have plenty for you man. It's like I said, it's um, it's awesome. You guys are doing this talking catch a man. This is long overdue. That's right at man. Great time. Tyler CJ nice to meet you and talk with you guys. Like what Gary? Thanks again Bud. All right fellas. We're gonna head on home. Yes pun intended. Well, I'm Behalf of myself CJ metal and Midwest kitchen Academy. Tell her good real good real catching company and Chris news of aren't you catching you? Thank you for tuning in to listen to our podcast and tune in next week. When we have a special guest appearance from either a catching coordinator, where a player out there in spring training and Arizona guys. Thanks again for tuning in and we'll catch you later.