Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more. Rest rest rest rest at nigga you press what's up? Everyone? This is another bonus episode or what's the find another bonus bitches our first bonus the fuck you talking about? I'm back fuck. I apologize. Did you listen to some embarrassing hate myself? I just like I think I sound really dumb and just like I hate the way that I sound and I don't know I just yeah, is that my champagne and you make sure I am Yeah, hi, bitch. I'm not going to no motherfucking. Hello. Yeah. No, yes, like project mmm. Yes girl. He's the grandfather of the group. He's a grandfather Yeah, Grand Auntie drunk Grand Auntie. That's always a lonely with no man. Oh damn. Sorry. We gotta get that personal be talking about people being lonely is shit. Oh fuck. I don't know her life. I'm sorry. Thank you. Just know she's a designer or she likes to feed people for clothes. You apologize. I slap the shit out of you in a club that one. What you sow me, not you. Oh, okay. What why does she was drunk as fuck around her mouth girl and I gave her like 6,000 chances. I can give him the problem is people like you. Oh my God. Go away, you're drunk. And she's like, you know, I fuck. Yeah what just drunk she's just really treasured a long time ago, and I just slapped the shit out of her in a cub. Can we please take control of our drunk moments? You know what I'm saying? Just throwing drinks and sloppy feel like it's just normal and shit. Well, first of all, yes, I'll give it that one. I'll give it that. I'll give it that no no, no. The drunk guy the drunk the owner of the studio. No. No, he's though. He's married to the other owner. Yes, he just comes through and put two things together for the studio when she says so oh my God. Yeah. I swear. He said I own this place ha ha ha way to go. Tommy that So, what'd you think about the episode episode 1 2 & 3 this Passover with you? And well three just now is well when it comes out three will guard you been drunk. Yeah. I mean, like I said, I just hate hearing myself. But other than that, like I feel like it was very funny laughing at myself throughout the whole time and you like I'm hilarious. I mean like no regrets. But yeah, I kind of wish that I It was more better like well-spoken and but it is more miserable spoke. Yeah are better more well-spoken and everything but it is what it is what he's talking about. Don't you have a PhD in math is not PhD, but don't break the window. You know, it started off a little slow. But you know people are late. They're just like running late or whatever. So we're maybe performances know I was kind of disappointed wait not even the group didn't perform either like give me a last little hair right? There should be like one something right? Yeah. Okay, they did a cute like slideshow like pictures and videos and that was those memorable. Okay. Let me Cycles were you in because they call him Cycles just like a female child period it's called a cycle when I do it's six and it's seven eight and like half of 9. Wow, you were on that long because you're doing your own thing too. Oh, I mean like yeah, there were a Groove so oh, but when they left prove that you've left to yeah, but convenient because those in your face, I mean, that's not the only reason why I like they were my friends too. Like I love all them so they weren't the whether or not your friend who they love. Did I change there's still definitely my fan. Okay. I made you have sex with I think only not even sex. Give you head. Oh my God. What's his name? I'm not saying name. Yeah this time not this time. I gave you something though, huh, baby. Yeah, I have did it hurt her not to do it. Okay, it's not for you. But you feel uncomfortable. Mmm. I just don't like it. Oh, okay. Yeah, who's the guy X? Yeah. Yeah. No, there we go. No use doing like it wasn't painful. But it just I was just I just wasn't. Is this what is this? What is this this thing about things going on my asshole? I just yeah, but for you to do it to someone else the total the whole nother feeling. Yeah, is it the vulnerability factor of it? No playing you're back. No, we're even being on your knees o looking away. No, I just don't like that feeling. It feels like you're going poop. You know what you do sometimes. Not do that in like just had dinner. No I'm saying like that's coming. That's a nice way out. Yeah Jackhammer because they usually do a flush before the night a flush. Yes, like, you know look like I do some flesh the flesh. They flee flush us out. He put that tube up your booty ho and you start brushing it. That's what the flesh to me that what you want for your birthday. Yes. I know how to do it and I just looked at it. Like what the fuck is this? Oh, you know did you know but it's a Christmas decoration that shit up like an ornament. It's not like okay bitch. The directions didn't say that and I don't even have the directions just like here and I'm a girl bitch women use enemas some babies use animals to when they can't shit, but my brothers have to always get an enema and his ass because he couldn't a boo-boo. So we used to always stick ones whose together. I don't know shit. He be running to the bathroom right away. This shit was crazy. I've always been fluid with my boo boo. Okay, I never had to had no problem taking that and get rid of my inside because anything I ate was coming right on out. So you knew it sometimes I'm shit before I leave the restaurant. So, you know when you can bottom when you can't boss, yeah, I know I fuck that. You know, I need to I need some advance notice though because I want to wash up really good. I want to get in there myself for my own fingers and clean it out. You know, let's say make sure it's right Listerine is put a little history on what they're fingertip and they go poop on the booty call. Oh my God, so someone eats it tastes like Listerine. Wow, that's the Listerine strips in my asshole. And then let it dissolve. Okay. Let's see how that go like that would hurt. Now if I gotta jump in the shower, I could do that real quick and wash the shit out. Let it dissolve or just see oh my God. It was not boring. It was fun. He just wasn't it wasn't all hyped up. Yeah. No, it was definitely great seeing everyone and I love I love seeing everyone and just like getting drunk. But yes at one point I left to go to Castro. Was it before midnight? Yeah. Well, I left it like one. So I was there for well, the one you left that one to go to the Castro. Yes to get there at like 120 and then believe like the last 30 minutes is always the best cafe you pay 20 bucks. No, it's like five bucks. So after that my eyes will be given for free Yeah by that time, but that time has to be free. What's the best performance for y'all? We are gearing up for a show in March. What is it? It's an LA. It's Prelude so-called. So first Prelude in SoCal. You're going to do that. But yeah, so like you have to apply for the show's youth replied. Yeah, I think so and then you have to pay. Yeah, how much do you pay varies between shows but / dancer that shows per dance. How much is it per dancer? Usually I mean this show in particular they're charging 28 per dancer. But do you charge people for auditions to yes last episode? He did? Yeah, no charge before auditions. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, especially remember about yeah, I think a lot of dance groups do it because Well, I yeah cuz you're paying for the time that's being spent and you're you're paying for what wow, I know but if it's going to being held in my studio and I'm like using that time to hold host an audition and if I'm not making any income like, you know, I'm like losing money if I'm if I don't charge people like I could sell that you put it in the slot where you don't have shit going on. They use ice lot like what a Saturday at 8:00 p.m. Yeah know why why because people won't come to the audition. That's a weird time to audition. How's that work time to audition and dance period when La you have classes that start at 11 o'clock at night. It's true. Yep. I don't know it's different in the bay. It's the why did we have to be so different here? Why do you think do we really need to like lower our standards compared to everyone? Else, how can we can't be at the same level as everybody else? I don't know. Yeah, that's the community because you are part of the community, you know, that's saying so, you know, you went to in the community way more than I as, you know, you still have your group going on. Yeah, I wouldn't want to come to an audition on Saturday because you want to be at the club. Yeah, probably. Yeah, but doesn't that separate I think that separates the people who are hungry from the people who are just want to do it for fun. That does absolutely that what you guys charge and make sure that people so you'll be yes. Yes, basically. Yeah, we definitely have to make sure that these people are seriously they actually want to try out and into like yeah, we're we're getting paid for the time that we're you know. Your studio. I mean as a just a regular dancer, yes, but once I became part of artistic, I don't have to pay for artistic. And not artistic director. I was a part of the artistic circles my eye. This is what I want. Hmm. So they were at your studio there were charging you to be part of the same like you were giving a discount shitting that fee have been waiting for you. Hmm. I mean maybe to some people possibly but I didn't mind I felt as though it was my part as a dancer to contribute to do stew. So yeah. but like like I said, like once I became part of artistic Circle that that was like no longer thing, so She's okay with this but I think a lot of places that do cover her so they have to pay for that space. Yeah, but if it but it's all about knowing people in your community and being a community to you know what I'm saying? Because like there's been hella my fuckers. I like I've come through like to my class about you know, I won't you come be my guest, you know I'm saying and then I have guessed people so much that like in the law and like later on down the line. It was reciprocated. Yeah some kind of way like, oh, I remember you doing this. For my boo my gosh. I got you. You know what I'm saying? Maybe I don't know. Maybe it's all about really being about your own business. Yeah. I know. I think it's more about I mean if if we were charging like some ridiculous amount of money than yeah, but I don't know turning a lot 35 a month. Is that like an average that's less than average. I feel like there's more teenagers cost. 100 bucks. Yeah chap gears like hundred some I heard that company charges around that much to ya ya ya and so having to pay for guest teachers coming out and Yeah pay for that and then still gotta pay for the class itself. No. Well, that's the shit of what it could have been is not part of the whole P the hot that hundred dollars is part of them dancing in class. No, no. No what? What do you want to know how much? Rose rose looks like oh he dollars to help the cancer people. Yeah, the pink label is pretty your grinder Goa no shit. But this last episode with Daniel you did say some things that that you didn't like or you don't like them or yeah, or we had some other man. What is your hatred towards these those class? I don't know. It's not even that it's not just yes heels, but in like in dancers in general like these this new age of dancers are just like super annoying like I don't know just like with you can I guess you could say like you don't know where what's genuine about them dancing? Like what's your name was not like are you in it for? Like the correct reasons. Yeah, like quote-unquote correct reasons or if you're in it for like cloud or whatever. So that's why I have this General like Dislike for heels classes General because I feel as though they are in it for the video. So not develop they're actually teaching do Tech like I don't like JJ he teaches his classes, but he has he has watched his videos. He actually teaches hate. Yeah. I know how to wanted a guy like he has technique like he teaches teachers like how to walk in here, right? All right properly even though he doesn't know what meals free often sometimes. Yeah, but but he's still learning himself, but I see him trying to teach these girls how to Have here like I get that but there's these other bitches out there. Yeah Eames we believed him out was that so I feel like that are doing it for cloud. Yeah. They I walk the hills I go to the city nights right think I can teach a Hills class. Yeah, and technically no, this is dumb. And then like I see every week like I see some like new bitch teaching a class on my are you fucking serious like this is so like it little boys I've seen I'm going to be teaching a class and I swear her promo for it was so fucking awful around this. Wait a minute. Yeah, these girls can do it. Let me do it too. And I won't even wear heels. I might do a way better job than your ass. Everything was moving in slow motion, but it looked like she was struggling. Yeah, I'll miss why yes. He's looking for the sex appeal and because I know it's supposed to symbolize strength. Yeah Power confidence. Well, it's symbolizing some of that. All of that. Yeah, and I was like, how is this selling and how would how are people just like our people just drawn to the stuff because I look at it with a side. I yeah, am I missing something here? It's just me. No, this is just some boy that teaches art. She's a little Latin boy. I know that she really good. Actually, he's really heels. Yeah, and also use a really good seem like there's some boys that were better in heels and girl. Oh, yes, I think majority of the boys. That do teach heels classes and are better than the bitches that teach these Hills and unfortunately gay boys this know how we were working. We were wearing heels since we were three years old. So that's why we don't have walking fucking heal some of us. Okay some of us. Okay. I have no I've never worn heels before but I have choreographed pieces for girls to wear heels and dancing, huh? So being that's why I don't know. Yeah, I get the point like there's a whole bunch of skills classes out there and yeah Jennifer cloud. Maybe he'll cross the church Studio. No, we don't have any regular schedule ones. But sometimes some of those girls like the same was talk about the same bitch. What Nike hit me up for space and I'm like, yeah sure. You can pay me for space but no we don't have like our own heels class. Yeah, so they just pay you for space and they and they had their own class. Yeah. So do you rent out space for people to throw like a pop of class? We're like, how do you do that? Like, do you do a split with them and you haven't paid hourly so sometimes I guess it just varies on like Who I'm working with but yeah, well either do like a split or will do an hourly like you pay for an hour and then you do Your Own Thing type. I'm sorry. Yeah. Did you ever teach a fucking arbitrary company class company? Yeah. I did. They pay you how they pay you because I'm asleep. I don't remember what the breakdown was, but it was definitely a low fee. I remember and then I remember I got Check in the mail Oh, no. I got a check in the mail like leave until I probably like two or three months after the class. Oh no two or three months. It's I got my money. That's the same day. Oh, I didn't get it. That's like we're taking a split here. And yeah, I think 20 those 80s when they took 22 Katie. Oh, I didn't know I probably got 20 then because it was like $40. Yeah, I know. I will I was you know talked into doing it. I wasn't very hyped about it which are coming across it was brought over here. Oh my God. Yeah, so, you know, I know done done done for a while. Uh, yeah for a while and all that stuff Shannon Langer Janet Langer. Jenna is yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and there's some drama with them. Yeah. About this to remember this T. So who's first well, you did. You didn't ask me bitch for one for ya. It's my motherfucking group. Ain't yo shit how the fuck you gonna do some shady shit like that and try to trademark mush it on the one that started it. I allowed you guys. I sent people from La up to San Francisco to help you guys established for chronology La so I remember that because that boy Mario Mandela white boy Mario if it's yeah. Yeah. He did one show a Jocelyn that far. Oh my God. It's not as big as what oh my God. Yeah a girl straight, okay. So if I told her the hey, by the way, they're trying trademark for chronometry. It's like bitch. You can't trade not much yet, but it's part of that. She was pissed. Yeah, it was a whole ordeal. But even when at that time like La was not even a thing, but I understand why she would come out of nowhere and say that because like they had that's our team but fuck don't you was just it was fuckin Funk Soul a was like not happening for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so there are like, okay Janet. So as Micaiah hit you guys up ever to like perform in dance fast. Yeah. No, she hit me up to audition. There we go. Yes, and then she'll come to the studio and like drop-off fires and stuff and be like, it's our 20th year. I really want the baby people there and I'm just like girl then if you want us there then put us on the show why you don't make us audition audition process here. You know what we're going to give you. All right? Yeah. So yeah this past episode you were talking about that and talk about how shitty it was and I hope that she does Listen, bitch. I'm out of money. Oh, she does listen these episodes so she can get like maybe yes and some don't think she does. I don't think she does. I feel like she probably would have messaged one of us by now. She heard or less the one told her. Hey by the way these motherfuckers maybe I don't know. I do want to do a Legends panel. I didn't feel I just got along here pretty soon. Hmm get her ass to come on the show. Get her ass get Darnell get Kim. That would be a fucking yeah and be a rap rap be a rapper and great. Yeah Emerson needs to come on the show though. Well, someone will have to come with some money first before they come on the show. Yeah, how about that one? $35 walk-ins. Thank you. Amy for my hosting fees. So wack-ass competition. This guy should have the club. What was it called views not views though. It was called fuse fuse was a the old school when you're talking about the newer one that try to come back. Was that the raised raised raised up in the sky for that one girl. That was the most hideous ass shit. I have ever been to in my life or part of yes a part of I have to go in there drop to be a part of well, that's it was I mean I had I had great times there. I was just fucked up. Yeah, but whole time yeah drunker I had great times and I One one time I went by me. What ya got bottle service. Yes, go see the VIP when you win why nobody else sitting? There ain't nobody else. Sure Grand second show they had that group from Vacaville perform almost a couple and they're really good though their house burned down. Yes. I remember that. They're all Bianca. Yeah, Kyle. Yes. His name is Kai. Kyle the Santa Rosa Parks Now he's also teacher now. Yep, girl. Thus it happens friendly. I'm can do here is true, Daniel, isn't it? Okay what that he's whack. Yes, horrible. I he has a different style. No, no, bitch. No no, no, no bitch the same time this that's a cover-up. Yeah. This is no we need to be honest with you. He's gonna just like that about you. Yeah, so he's whack. I'm not I'm not trying to be he's probably a wonderful person in real life. I don't understand. Mmmmmm cameramen he is nice nice person what we purchase and girl. Oh, she just bitch. I know you got some C4. This is Black History Month coming up, dude. I wanted to but it was it's like it's like it's coming at a bad time right now. Like we're like working on her. Yeah. Well, there's a lot going on a lot going on. Yeah. Okay. We're out on a Thursday that practice what time is the practice till like 12:00? Well, then I'll probably go after. Sure, you will. Yeah Kiki about that other crazy. No girl. We just speak the truth in a little birdies is tells all the stuff. We're just trying to find out because you know, when it comes down to a girl we need another to you. We need to know the truth and we know the kalaam of everything. So what's going on because bro because a lot of them booze is gone in the Bay Area grow and people ain't saying shit about it girl. Yeah, I mean if anything Thing when I took out of this is definitely it's fine to like work with other people and you know have new experiences in like like doing things different ways that you normally do. Yeah, but at the end of the day like I realize yeah, I think I much rather do things my way and yeah, you know and just be about me and and not try to like, I don't know collaborate anymore. Yeah, have you seen? Klein of attendance at these competitions in a very lately. Hmm in general. Yes. Well, okay. So these competitions the people that are attending are the dancers family or they are that's his friends family not so much like other dancers, but it's mostly the supporters of the people that are participating. Yeah, so then I mean, it's not that it's a decline in like attendees, but But we like parents are boring like they only scream for the Vera for their own kids. Yeah, it's the dancers that are like show love and show support for like, you know - oh, yeah. So in general like what what shows are in the big collaboration Evolution as of hip hop dance fast like yeah swell, even if the answers are really wasn't pretty - Richard. Oh my God. Yeah, it's charging good Bridge. It's this guy named Danny. He's from La. Well, they're Bridge the bridge broke at one of them one in the in the bay broke. The one of them soak house is like on and popping Buckle that was popping out there, but I won't be here. It's I don't know SoCal Community like they just love that shit. They love dancing. Yeah. Everyone's yeah. I think maybe up here is like fucking everyone's kind of tired of competing though idea what this thing before the start of competition. We're not weird that Groove. Yes. I mean, yeah in general NorCal that there's definitely a Lowell like there's not too many competing teams in here that are like actually out here to compete so that probably has to do why some of these shows are like whack. Yeah Prelude NorCal is the best one of all of them. I feel like and they've been really good. Yeah, never heard that the attendance was really low this year. Yeah this past year. They fucked up why because they only had like five bay teams and they all those like awesome costumes. Yeah, who won? No BMO got third. Second I fucking forgot one was it was the coup from Vegas? No female got third. Oh Syndicate debate team one scenario. Yeah. Yeah. Oh the boy wanted to come on here. What's his name Jonathan? Demme. Yeah Jay family. If you're listening he wants us to he wants to divide him on the I think he should talk Jonathan fam. He's on syndicated little company. He's a fan. Yeah. Is he one of the choreographers? Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah, have you talked to him about the show? Yeah, I asked him if he wanted to come today, but he's like next time who scares. Oh, hey Mom. He's probably busy. It was Super Bowl like yeah. We'll leave Sandy a message to yeah, Sandy. You need to come on this shit. I need to hear you talk. Yeah, he needs to come. There is a lot of shadiness going on in other places and people know about it that people aren't talking about it. Now. People are you know, they know what's happening? Yeah, but no, it's like okay. There's a big old pink elephant in the room. Let us not look at it and it with us we're like no, let's talk about it. Let's really talk put your fucking phone down. I just run your lines you scared for like swipe honey - yeah have I been swiped and I think with us is we just I just want the truth. I just want the truth. I want authentically I want everything out in the open just so we have all early on the table Open Table, you know, and I get it. You don't want to say, you know about it everything, okay? Know about it is affecting my job. I know sitting okay. Yeah, and I think with us we have to just call it as it is pletely 100 transparencies motherfuckers, and I'm like look if you are do something business-wise Dance Company wise dance be honest and be out there every true true. Yes, and as much as I hated hearing myself talk on the last podcast Drunk Bitch. I hate that. I think I'm a huge advocate for that shit and it pisses me off and piss out on off to we see this motherfucker here Connie I say con because what the fuck it is people are conning people. Yeah their money because they're they're naive. They don't know better. Yeah. They think this person's legit and were to tell him he is is the truth when in the long run? No, they just want your money. Don't give a fuck about you or your dance skills, or try to teach you something. They don't care about that. They just want you to give my money. Thank you. You know, that's why we have because of dance plz dance companies that charge money. Yeah, I get why you guys charge money because he hasn't he's fees and all that stuff. But auditions I get what you guys do that because people can't just take a free class and you can kind of I don't know us people we try to come and you can tell they're they're actually there to audition in kind of weed out who's there to take class. Yeah, and that's up to you guys as a organization to kick him out. Okay. I'm sorry your wife. Your time in our time. You got to go. Hmm. I've been right said well, this is where they took their something routine. I will let you gotta go. Yeah. Oh my god. Really? Yes. Yeah. I don't think shit. Yeah. Yeah, like just looking at them like, okay. Just let him go. Oh wow have to be like that. Yeah don't waste their it's only sometimes always - yeah, it's cut through you want to make sure that people are ya auditions, you know, but at the same time they're going to be paying fees when I get on the group. Anyways, I mean look look it was just five bucks. Okay, it's $5. Yeah, we didn't charge like know some people are really charging like the charging for a class. Yeah for these damn auditions. Yes fucking ridiculous. Yeah. I don't understand this generation. I just don't come from that generation like that white woman Karen that charge a hundred bucks. We're not Carol Carol Carol, yeah, it's cold. There's another bitch. No, this is no other woman inertia hundred bucks for an audition who contemporaries caring actually Karen Karen Which team knows that she thought she was getting into where they're going to make like two videos from where was this recently? This was last year. Yeah. I show me the fire. Bucks per and I Stone. Oh my God, what you mean? Dance literally have to be like damn she did like she said they laid in the ground and they did like Who's that Larry's here? So we're back, but don't say it. Yeah, fuck that bleep bleep bitch. Fuck that the bleep bleep want to be Hills bitch. But what is the real shit, right? computers This fuck go Niners. Let's go night-night. It's go night-night, honey. So sad we were getting ready for the parade. I got my hotel confirmation today for a yeah. Yeah in the city. It was going to be dumb down Market Street. I was working on the city hall team and we were getting ready and then he's fucking at that chicken like you are like your name Jerome you better go ahead and honey. He is going Uh, yeah. She's married to the chicken wing bitch, bitch. Don't knock down the corbel. You stupid huh last night. That's the best because my like I'm tired, but let's do it and you know, it was so inspiring because my teens they suck. Oh probably don't and so all my energy. Yeah, the only teacher to say that I have a lot teacher friends that are like their little ones give them everything their teens. They're like get away from me, but the little ones are so hungry and ready to work and I just had to address one of my teens tonight too, bitchy. We're having a conversation right now. No, we're having a good conversation right now. I don't know what y'all is fucking talking about me still eating this fucking chicken wing. Okay? Yeah, turn off your life. No bitch, but we're recording right now. Thank you. Okay this bitch in here fucking interruptions. I love this show Loki. It's like good therapy alive when I come off. People to say the truth about shit that needs to be said there's just some things that you don't want to talk about you would rather keep privately. So yeah and privately they should you keep it private to yourself. Well, I mean, there's some people that you know, you can but even if quote-unquote trust nobody talked about it. Way they went about it. Do you feel that's funny girl, but there's that put us in your mouth to want to do business with someone else again. No, not that I just it just it just reiterates the fact that yes, like maybe I should just like trust myself and know that like, no that I could do things my own way and do things by myself and not necessarily like have to do with other people are like, I don't know sometimes like you know when you I know that I need to focus more on the things that I want to do. Okay, like yes. Yeah, but yeah, I don't know is this it is? It saddens me and it's fucked up the way it went down. And it does your cat Daniel really really like sweet. Thank you. I think that's what it is because you're such a good guy and you're still trusting and you're such a good person you do so much for the community for someone to actually like that someone but for people to avenge of that. Yeah, and that's like kind of like more a check on myself to like, maybe I should like not be as like, yeah, but I mean you right now and he's gotten better at that. Yeah, like he's gotten way better at not like at just being putting his foot. Yeah, I put down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, angry. I'm like shit. I've never seen this but it's so refreshing to see because yeah any other time he'd be like, okay. Yeah, whatever but now right like nah. Yeah, right. I'm going to make it right, you know, and that's why I am not like really tripping off because I see it more as like a me thing like something that I could have totally like. Of not necessarily avoided but it could have been done like way differently had I done this and this and this, you know Judy responsibility for your actions on that board. Yeah for sure. Yeah. Yeah my thoughts better. That's just me not being able to like I'm not good public speaker. So yeah, that's the only thing I felt like I saw him drunk. Yeah, I was like, yeah. Yeah, you're nervous and you were just yeah. Yeah like you are now. Yeah understand earthy, but we look at him like that. Whatever people have two people said they loved it, but I was like, okay. Just don't Aaron. Please number three Wednesday. Oh, yeah, just don't you talk about number two. You don't just coming out this Wednesday. And that's the one that you have to fast forward. No. No this past one and the number two. Oh, yeah, but no Three is coming out with the we're letting all the kids know that it's just people hit me up. Who's Dale talking about I fucking The group in the bay that you can do without there's a video you want to get one. Give us a hand. Tell us why okay. Girl, girl, I'm about to beat you. You better go girl. Go ahead and see bitch. Now we were talking about that bitch and now you trippin and hook a don't think about it girl. Well, what groups is that you could do without okay. Well for one, I'll go ahead and just say this. I feel like construc Oakland could just just grab a seat. Thank you. Just have a seat. How about how about all of the all of the shock of them? I think um, like well, I mean like Future Shock the future like they always have talented Aftershock could take a seat. Yeah, but Future Shock always. I don't know where she finds his kids, but she always finds good as kids. Yeah, so I would really hope that future suck stays but at the end of the day, yeah, hang up the shocks. The one in Oakland in particular. Yeah. Yeah, the one in La still on Poppin. Yeah, it's still doing great. Yeah, the one in Vegas to they just opened a studio. Yeah, there's no there's no kind of like maybe she's too busy. Don't know how to run things like yeah, Chuck. Yeah. He got a man and his man. Yeah, why are you giving in all their info right now bitch and no one knows who the fuck Chuck is. I know what nun chuck chuck. There is a team that just had their last hurrah we would in which I was kind of upset about probably damn. I feel like yeah, there's I know but I was there were good. Yeah, they're a good group. Definitely. They always put on a show. Probably with other groups that gives us too time-consuming. People are grown up there. Yeah, I got time for group its cost money. Yeah nowadays. I think that's what it is too back in our day. Death Cubbies didn't cost that much. We basically they even brought their own outfits. Yeah, you just show up to a gig and that's you know, yeah. It's now it's like it's a lot more money involved. I feel like with these competitions you have paid him competitions. You got to pay for this the paper these motherfuckers are all gentrification. The dance company is now gentrification in the dance class. Yeah. Yeah. It's just sad to see them go. I wish they were not going who else you wish you was gone. But why are they let's see Kyle's a director right now. I think he's just ready to move on with like his career and no one else want to take the responsibility there. There's no one else that can that has the ability to yeah, like if I had an extra day in the week to run a rehearsals like I would do it. I would totally like hands down would totally do it. Yeah. Well, so do you want that should be gone. She be gone that you feel like I think I'm done. Yeah, I can see it in your eyes. I know there was one more. Bedroom okay folding stock has shipped off and come out with a new product Oh my God. You know, what if I mean, I see we have two classes we can talk him a lot. Yeah, I'll take well now yeah, because when I first saw saw them it was kind of cute and then did a little Saloon shit after that shit is shit went down. I was a long time ago. Yeah performance every blue moon. Following on it. But what I just go and look at the performances I'm like is this for real or is this like a motivational group to like get everyone who going and self-esteem group Bodywork? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I don't understand what's going on. I don't know if it's like a social. Uplifting group. We're like anywhere, you guys can't do it and everyone can't wear is it real shit? Because I'll be looking at like that's hella funny that you said that yeah. Yeah. I'm fucking dead. Oh, yeah. I'm dead to buy because OU in the small as being you and you got hella people and the stage. Is like this big in this room? And I know how we doing. Yeah, you got three bodies working at a time on that motherfucker. There's a lot of people that are just like anybody. Yeah, I consider start. Well, hold on. Oh, who's your friend? Who was actually who seen before? Oh, um, that's her name is tonigh. I know her. Yes. Yeah. Oh, she was like A Warrior's answer to right? Yeah, you know, it's don't really like dance with passion and it's not for me and we're seeing late night. I need to go to sleep early. You know, I like I like to dance with the heart and they don't do it. It's more like robot. And that's coming from someone to honey for my age of Japanese woman who loves Soul music honey. Whoo-hoo-hoo Phil's music. I feel like even weigh more than me. That makes me feel so good when I'm down. I'm down like fuck music. Fuck all this shit bitch was the Blind and my PS4 uplift me, but she was like, you know, it was nice for this one. I can't do it no more. It's not for me now that I'm older. I know what I want. Okay. Yeah. So and they don't feel it. Well, bitch hello is led by Rocker gonna fucking stalker now visibility and their routines can go up and down and he's white light but that wanted with that, uh, Power Ranger shit. I did not fucking get so this is my thing when it comes Mark, I think I kind of rope. Puts earlier on the thing. I think people are just putting out shit because they ain't got shit else to do but now I think this is gonna look cute and they don't and they might I don't know if people are allowed and we say oh this is actually a really good stuff and keep on doing that if you are lying to or they need him he'll actually be honest with him like No actually that's shit and he put a lot of shit and I've performed this I'm like I don't I don't give this a try yeah they didn't hang it up to I think we also need to go bye-bye More people are joining this Workshop group because she has this work. They have a following the started off because the performance Workshop. Yeah, they still do it for like a certain amount of weeks and then you're done. They have no it's not a team if they compete they compete there were competing as a workshop to yes, but now they're like a proper team. Yeah, so they have which is their Community but they also have and that's their training. I'ma say I'm sorry, like cause I know you're explaining it, but I have to say it the way I see it. It's fucking extra AF alley, which is a lie Fritz's shit. So as I see it as an outsider looking in it just feels like it's another opportunity to do extra AF which is what Ali has, you know, pioneered and all of that which is her stick and now doing that but then adding taking away like The you know industry element of it taking away the athletic part in all not athletic but like exercise part of it, whatever and just having five choreographers come you're with them for two hours each. So this is a 10 hour Workshop rights from Saturday that spent it ended today and you were with for 10 hours and it just felt to me. It just felt like which I it's you should that's ridiculous a lot of money for this student. Money, how much is it for per student for this? This one? I think is like half the price of extra AF, which if you think about it, no shade to anybody that's involved, but it should be more than what extra AF is because you're dancing for more time right numerically, but The same price range so is the same. Yeah, you don't you just put yourself on YouTube do I yeah. Yeah now and stuff. I feel like YouTube. I don't know has it Fallen II hardly even go on YouTube anymore. I appreciate you for not putting people in the back of your videos like decoration and shit. Oh, yeah. I don't like doing that but shit, it looks pissed. It's kind of tacky. It's not Shaggy yeah because like especially the ones I've seen have you seen was we just watching bitch when they're just like standing there and just looking hella dumb like girl like seriously I can see your face you're not even watching like the person that's dancing right now yeah just that it right uh-huh like looking to have a stupid like yeah that's it's obvious she would ask me to stand behind this bitch I was in a class once were summoned like will you come around me so I can feel your energy and you can hype me up and I'm thinking to myself like my job thank you yeah well you know my teacher were you not instructing me so now it's my job at the end of class when you're now going to show out and give a solo all right yeah it's definitely looks tacky on video but I understand the premise of it like you want to be you want to feel their energy like surrounding you and like whatever that's great with this Here's the wall for his folded. That's right. Yeah, like pillar. What's that? That's when you know, they were forced to be in that as opposed to as opposed to it happening. Organically, you know, yeah, has anyone has anyone got hit in the face like what we're taking class. I mean it happens. Yeah. Oh you got hit in the face. ha ha ha ha ha so follow her oh my God Son of her nose started bleeding but no but yeah we talked about that important space space space awareness I'm going to start teaching a class attention everyone I will be to find a time at in the groove but I will beat aging spatial awareness like at this point it's yeah hazards smart dance like he's Louise well at least the boys has come to my class in like go right when I was going forward oh my God oh my God honey if we were going forward he was facing the back going laughs yeah for me Don't like how you gonna say now about you. So how do you feel you be the teacher? How do you feel about people texting you and asking you what song are you teaching today? Yeah, it's annoying because like why you're going to come based on like if you like the song or not some people do that yellow base. Yeah. It's stupid. Yeah, you don't ratchet today your chest right now. Oh, no. are you paying for my song yeah that's what it means what is your intention you know what I mean did Leslie same thing with the episode of all Daniel Leslie yeah what you think about it what you um I mean like she I think she liked it and she enjoyed it it was we're both cringing at ourselves yeah yeah but I think she did a great job just listen together see ya some not like the whole thing but we both listen to it at our own like personal times whatever okay yeah she was cringing to be more even during she was just like yeah I'll shut up it is what it is the big-ass mouth but he did want to say shit all the Talking yeah okay I think I think she enjoyed it Whatever She's come back next week she must have liked it yeah right next Sunday is the tissues yeah yeah yeah now are they have you been in your life for like years like you'd like 10 15 20 years or do they could mean like short-term crazy over him like the friends right now be like friends you know for like 20 some years oh yeah Julio Meelo Beto largely yeah yeah better yeah culture shock yeah I like mm something yeah so definitely 15 years about 15 years okay yeah I know right okay no no I'm scared of taking a class in La I like it really yeah yes scared I'll take both those class but that's it why is because I know his style and I would feel comfortable yeah I've taken classes in LA but it's scary yeah I feel like I'm pushing myself now more than I've ever had that's okay yeah so you recognize that like okay oh yeah totally but going to La no that's not something I ever aspire to do we're hoping a lot of land and go try me if I was if I wanted to go to La I probably won't open the space I feel like I could be successful that way going to the dance studio because I know like the community I know teachers out there now yeah bird I've I've definitely thought about it and I feel like I could be successful you better put that the Universe definitely thought about it but I mean I'd only be able to do that if I were to move out the bay and moving out the bay is something I've never done of do you think you would need to move or could you kind of tell uh tella do it may be actually if the if I had someone there like date yeah that it is stuff yeah that would be yeah but I've totally that considered like what if I did this like because look at all these bases are opening earlier yeah yeah and they're doing well yeah I definitely know from doing any group for so long I've definitely met all these people I feel like it's possible more than possible I feel like I could do it yeah wow that's exciting I think about yeah yeah it would be the new studio in LA to yeah because I mean I wouldn't be able to call it in the groove I'd have to say it called something else if I want to do it myself okay yeah you know every year I feel like I've surpassed my whatever I've said I've surpassed what I've done the previous year and I was surprised myself and like things I've accomplished so I honestly I never know like what's going to happen next like what's going to happen this season what's going to happen this summer it just kind of happens it just kind of happens yeah so I'm just like enjoying what I'm accomplishing and yeah continue to do this until I hate it I thought definitely thought I hated by now but it actually turns out like I'm like loving it even more and more and I didn't think that I would yeah I'm like almost 40 like I didn't would never picture myself still doing this at 40 years they did but I found that it was not my knees it was something else whoa what's going on it's like fine now but it was like a disease I know it's totally fine it's like not anything crazy yeah yeah yeah I know so it's totally fine it's fine yeah I literally thought that what type there's a different times and I wish I didn't know before I totally thought that I was like getting old and my knees were just like dying and I went to the doctors and I was like I don't know what's happening I can't dance I can't even like walk up the stairs and then they did like hell but Sesame and like oh your knees are fine but you actually have the fullest I'm like oh okay yeah but I just needed three shots and I'm fine now yeah or who he gave it to you no Juan Diego I know yeah yeah there was saying that if it was there for like longer than you could have gotten fucked Jack is something that stays dormant you don't get symptoms I didn't even know where lymph nodes were until I went to the doctor because I was like I have something right here like on my neck and then the doctor was like if you if you have lymph nodes I was like what does that even mean she's like I don't know like I don't know what why your lymph nodes are big right now it could be cancer but I don't think it is yeah right the fucking bitch said like it could be cancer but she's like but I don't think it is I was like why would you even fucking say that you're fucking dumb yeah but yeah it wasn't I I was just being a ho and I got something so everybody please get set I'll just go right. Yeah, but not knowing. Yeah me being paranoid my ass growing up when I did. I was fucking scared shitless any like any type of STD or even HIV or something like that now they just kids like I get it is what it is. I'll take a pill which will have sex with my ex and I was like after we had sex I get sick. I mean tripping out. Yeah, fuck you. Just give me like nigger starts freaking out. I just better go away. She's better go away special away. Basically if your knees hurt and that'd be a sign go get I cannot believe I told her about that but after that experience, oh, yeah for sure. I don't think I've seen a penis. Really you have sex I have I'm just like yeah more cautious and yeah, definitely more like it may open my eyes like fuck be smarter, you know. Yeah was he being a gay man? In the city of Oakland or yeah, but I'm not like a whole like I don't like fuck around like that like just a sec happen like this one like time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. yeah I got all the takes yes that's all kiss nobody I don't know you I'm not kissing you and I yeah ever since then I'm very conscious that you people suck my dick I don't know yeah or syphilis or gonorrhea is this being back there and you know most people don't know these oats a sore throat Or with people are more dominant one like um, I mean, I don't like to get but suck dick. Yeah, you suck dick, but you don't get fucked. Yeah. Okay. Yes fuck but she'll suck some dick down the harbor. I mean, I don't know about heartbeat, maybe like four heartbeats. Yeah. it's okay so your last friends Alan you know say it today just has been just a little little crazy day I will say that if you're really passionate about something don't let anyone take that passion away from you totally you know what I'm saying because you own that shit yeah and to give all that you have to someone else so they can get it to sometimes doesn't work that way and I'm seeing now that like no matter what I try to give to some people that it's just not it's not accepted a receipt yeah you know what I'm saying so I'm just kind of seeing that like maybe I need to step back from the situation because like I said I mean I can't if I'm trying to give life to someone at then I take it that you can't take my life and yeah because I need it it's true though trying to give it to these kids that these teens who think they know everything oh yeah I'm just you know princesses and I'm just like you know I know what I want in life right trying to feed the mind to my knowledge they're not receiving it you don't want to fuck it conversation you had with them yeah the she when the girls in at leaving she left crying yeah because she can because he because I and I saw that she was about to cry right here here and don't worry she's everyone else is going to get it also yeah he's almost say it's because you told her that she wouldn't get up yeah you know they won't get a routine they have no idea what the and you know what yep I gave him the whole Bay routine it was all Bay and child in you know what that she was hella gay yes it was and that's fucking again was fucking just did not accomplish what we need to and you know there's a little jealous about the other kids the kids better routines a better life better though like we used to say that is but is it was it better that's the same like someone stole your tick-tock get off your Tick-Tock so I tell you kids competing this season you need to focus more on your dances then the tick-tocks because it takes time to turn it out way better than your competition dances right yeah cup two days like this girl just sent this to me she said pretty sure they stole this from you Alan it's from dance teachers means if you practice your competence as much as you practice your Tick-Tock dances you might have a shot this season yes and and this is exactly I saw this today today right yeah what me because I saw Gandalf looking assholes like this right so I told me not a couple of days ago and then here this comes up so you know can y'all just shit my some to send me some love okay cuz you dance teacher means motherfuckers you bitch oh no let's see dance teacher means is this is by someone who I don't know your local dance teacher one more time for from the top I don't know who this is your message but she followed by Craig Craig quite a few bitches pregnant thank you all for taking my shit can I get some props to 3000 followers bitch hello you'll 104 posts thank you because I'll take that one I'm a hundred and two your Instagram saves your stories yes it does so then you can res post that and be like I posted this said it sounds like something I wrote a few days ago mmm-hmm bag them surgery More You Remind Me kill know they perjury to you perjury you stealing some other yeah that's robbery thievery Sadie first three terms well let's see well mr. Lorry of your last rants about something he didn't give me half way through my only last rants are with the death of Kobe kind of just like oh you did ever since it's happened I find myself waking up every day it's like reliving it again and again yeah because it's so shocking it was kind of like the death of my mother because she was it's just suddenly to and it's put a fire under me like no other like I am out here like any little opportunity or whatever even taking his class on Wednesday or the Sunday after it happened I took Winona's class and I was like I'm dancing for Kobe and Gianna you know what I mean like and every little thing I do if I'm doing I'm doing it for them and it's weird to like personify your intent with right but I think just it all hit us all you know what I mean an impacted us all and we just all want to do better and be better and I mean even today with the outcome of the Niners yeah I reached out to all the girls this morning and I said you know do for them you know like you have no say over the outcome like you're not out there on the field but leave it all there so that whatever the outcome is you can walk away being like yeah yeah I mean it's taught me to like I mean Shadow not shout out but like to the victim because there's it was normal just go be a Gianna and I find myself having to be mindful of that that like it was whole family's it's a wife it was so many people but you know that if you find yourself or I've noticed this in my life and it's always late whatever if I I find myself running late I always take a breath and I'm like you know what the universe is saving me from something that was the reason and there have been multiple times where I like our I'll lose my keys and I'm like oh my God I am like what the heck and I'll find them and then I'll get on the freeway and sure enough someone just got into an accident and I easily feel like that could have been me you know so it's like it's taught me to you know just take your time take a deep breath yeah you know there's no rush you know so no rush Daniel I am Russian I know that I'm taking my time bitch we are parents don't have kids swallow