Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,We had a listener message us on Instagram and she told us how much she loved us and that she had just found out about us from crime lives. And Amanda sends me the message and was like what is crime lies. So we started frantically I was like, who's this? Yeah, so he's better digging and found that crime Labs podcast release an episode on Derrick Todd Lee who was our first episode on February 5th is which became our six-month anniversary right that it came out. Alright, so that was just just crazy. So I started listening to their episode and imagine my surprise when I heard them reference our our podcast as a source let it and you know, I don't know how you found it so so quickly because I was listening to it and then I had sent it to you. I started listening to it and then you're like I found it they looked at us. I'm like, yeah, I like like zooming through trying to see and flatter does not even fully explain how I felt like I was Fangirling for real is like the host basically said they were impressed that Derrick Todd Lee was our first episode which was quite frankly terrible. Hi. I hate our first 4 episodes. So anytime anybody gives us any love about that. That's I'm like, I'm stop and so if you guys hear this, thank you so much crime wives and if y'all need a new podcast definitely a job Veronica and Destiny are the host, right? Yeah, definitely check them out. I started listening to them and I really love I do love. Their pet I love them. But again, thank you crime lives. You've definitely gained two new lifelong fans and Amanda and myself and I think they come out on Wednesdays to right? Yes, they do. So women supporting women. Yes, so I wanted to give one more shout out before we get started. And so if any of you guys listening today are here because I line sleuth also covered a case from the same county as our case today and the host recommended us welcome and I want to say thank you to Megan and Jasmine for y'all for shouting us out. You guys are the best and if you aren't here because of Sidelines sleuths definitely go check them out because Megan and Jasmine are great. They are the bomb and they get they drop new episodes on Fridays. Yes, so check them out. And now that we did a couple of shoutouts. Let's get started. Today's episode has a lot of people in it. So I'm going to apologize ahead of time because it will likely get confusing. I got my pen and paper ready. So you guys don't mind if you hear a man. Playing notes while I'm talking aggressively scribbling right? Like I legitimately wanted to start a string board while writing this episode because my head was like spinning. Yeah, and the only thing I know about this episode is what Megan and Jasmine said no, right even I almost wanted to plug my ears when I listen to the episode yesterday because I was like, alright, so I'm sorry if this episode is all over the place or confusing but you've been warned so let's get started and In case you couldn't tell from the title this episode covers the brutal executions of an entire family. Holy crap. So here's your trigger warning if that's something that's going to bother you turn our episode off. So it's kind of been a trend lately to just kind of Jump Right In so now we're supposed to be freely squish it up from, you know from the month ago, right? So on the night of April 21st, 2016, and I guess into the morning of April 22nd. Okay, like early like In night is early morning eight relatives were shot in the head execution-style in four separate homes. Oh, wow, spanning 15 miles in Piketon, Ohio. The homes were quite close together. I'll get there. So me the victims ages range from 16 to 44. Oh my God, and three children a three-year-old a six month old and a newborn baby. Just five days old survived. They were all unharmed. hmm So the morning following the murders, so the morning of April 22nd Bobby Joe manly went to her sister's home on Union Hill Road in Pike County Ohio to feed the families pets and she discovered the first set of bodies. So what did I mean? This is probably relevant but like where she were they supposed to be out of town like for feeding the pets. I'm not sure if that was just something that's like was it a coincident? Like I'm not weird. So chic 901 at 7:53 a.m. And said quote I think my brother-in-law's dead. There's blood all over the house and quote. So authorities responded to the mobile home and found the bodies of Christopher Road and Senior and Gary Rhoden Christopher's cousin. So it's not just a like an immediate family. It's like it's kind of yeah my oh my gosh and authorities then searched through residents that were like adjacent to each other one's a little flight. Yes, and then they searched another like new. R by camper and identified eight victims and total. Wow, so I'm going to I'm going to go through all the victims and then I'm going to go into a place like I'm gonna list the victims first and then I'm gonna go into further details. So first was Kenneth Rhoden who was 44 and he was the brother of Christopher senior who we just talked about how old and we didn't get there was a JAP. Yeah. There was Christopher and then there was Christopher Road and Senior who was 40 and he was the brother of Kenneth Rhoden. In the father of Frankie Hannah and Christopher Junior Frankie Hannah. I'm sorry. I am right now and Christopher Junior. Okay, and then we don't know their ages or those the list the ones that were unharmed no, I'll get there. Okay, so then there's Dana Rhoden who was 37 and she's the ex-wife of Christopher senior and the mother of Frankie Hannah and Chris Chris Chris Byrd, Jr. Yeah. So that was one two, three four. So the the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. Hmm after you've listed Seven. No, no, I just said they were the parents of those three. Right? Right. Did I say I think I skipped one. I did I skip Gary. No, you said Chris Gary Kenneth the throw I didn't I didn't say I didn't say Gary's age my bad. So Gary Rhoden was 38 and he was the cousin of both Kenneth and Christopher Roden Kenneth increase our brother. Yes. But he said eight people were killed. Yes. So that's for Kenneth so far Kenneth Christopher Gary and Dana Rhoden. Okay, the four of them then there's Clarence Frankie Rhoden who was 20 the oldest son of Christopher senior and Dana and the father of their surviving three-year-old in the six month old oak on three-year-old and six-month-old. Yes. We're both for Frankie. And then Hannah Gilley was 20 and she was the fiancee of Frankie Rhoden and the mother of the surviving six-month-old. So his there's there's two Hannah's butt. So Hannah Gilley was engaged to Frankie Rhoden, and she was one of the big 10 and there's Hannah Hannah Roden who is 19 was the daughter of Christopher senior and Dana and the mother of the surviving five day old baby. Well, there's two hands. Yes, so they're just a year apart. Yes, and then she's the mother of the five day old. Yes. Well, so like Frankie has a sister named Hannah and her fiance. Yeah Hannah and then the last victim was Christopher row. Jr. Who was 16 and the son of Christopher senior and Diana, so it was a way he was 16 16. So it essentially they wiped out the entire like Christopher senior and his entire family him his ex-wife and his three kids and one of his sons fiance's and his brother and his cousin and so the three-year-old and the six-month-old where his grandkid yes, and the five day old. Oh, yeah, but from a different. Yeah. Hey, yeah, they yes. So his grandkids. Yeah who are less see these notes. So after discovering the first bodies Bobby Joe ran to a trailer that was also located on Union Hill Road which like adjacent so she ran to a trailer that was located close to where Christopher senior and Guerra found and she located the bodies of Clarence Frankie Rhoden and his fiancee Hannah Hazel Gilly. Hannah was shot a total of five times including a shot through her eye and two children were found unharmed in the home Gillies six month old son with Frankie and Frankie's three-year-old son from a previous relationship. The six month old was found sound asleep between his dead parents. Yeah, and the three-year-old was asleep on the couch during the murders and he actually opened the door when his great aunt Bobbie Jo. So came knocking on the door after she found Christopher senior and Gary Road and dead like next door. I know the three year olds mother was contacted about 8:00 a.m. After the discovery of the bodies and she like was I think she was at work and she left work picked up her mom and raced over there and check on her son because I mean she didn't know. Yeah, and thankfully, you know, he was unharmed and this is she was interviewed by a Cincinnati.com and That her son has told her quote. I picked up Daddy's Hand and it just fell and quote like that is one of the most heartbreaking things I've ever read. Yeah going to be honest this this episode was hard. It just I mean they all are but you know, I mean like three-year-old going and finding his dead dad and they don't understand that's one of those things that you pray. He does not remember right? Like they don't understand, you know, like they don't know and what death is definitely could have been seven hours. Yeah, you know depending on what time that the murderer is actually happened it ended. Yeah, right. So I'm so like anxious to hear about. Suspects. Mhm. So go ahead. So after calling I will one Bobby Joe called her brother James manly who found more members of the Rhoden family murdered at a third Union Road location. He found Christopher seniors ex-wife Dana mainly rodent his sister. Uh-huh and her daughter Hannah May Rhoden Hannah's newborn daughter who was like just a few days old was found unharmed but was asleep in the bed next to her mother's body. And Hannah's two-year-old daughter Sophia. She has another daughter who was not there that night. She was with her her father Jake Wagner's family that night Jake Wagner. Yeah. Keep that in. Yeah, I you heard the episode. I heard Megan right from the sidelines. It's a Waggoner, right so that in so and so if you notice I listed Christopher jr. As a victim originally They didn't find him originally. He was like the last discovered know there's they hadn't found Kenneth or at this point police had not found Kenneth or Christopher Junior and they already been to three locations. Yes. Okay, so they haven't been to the fourth. So as police began working the three crime scenes. They quickly realized that you know, one member of the rodent family was unaccounted for like I just said Christopher Road and Junior and everybody called him. a little Chris and that was He was the 16 years. He wasn't he was the baby. He wasn't fiance of anybody know Frankie was right oldest. Yeah. The oldest was the one who was engaged. Okay, everybody called him, you know little crisp and people originally began to speculate that. Maybe he was the shooter. So but around so around noon on April 22nd 2016 same day like four and a half-ish hours later. Another nine one one call came in and this time it's from a cousin of Kenneth Wayne Rhoden saying that he found Kenneth shot. Once in the eye of about four miles away from the union hill crime scenes and Kenneth. Like I said was Christopher seniors brother, so Chris jr. Uncle hmm, and so now that's seven. So many victims they found covered. Yeah, and the last of the eight victims of the Rhoden family Christopher Robin jr. Was finally located by police after a search of his home Chris jr. Was found in the same home and as his mother Dana and his sister Hannah, so I don't know if they had just missed it. I think he was on the side of the bed like from from a documentary as watching. I think he was like on the side of the bed between the bed and the wall or something shiny days work. I'm sorry. I don't know how they missed it. But look don't shoot the messenger. I don't know but continue and as I already alluded to the three year old little boy was returned to his mother but the six month old little boy in the newborn little girl were both taken into protective custody and remained in foster care during custody proceedings and it's been reported that the younger children remain in foster care, but they are allowed to be visited by immediate family members and I found there. Names, but their kids I didn't want to yeah, well besides Sophia because she's very important to this whole really case and who's Sofia she's the two-year-old that Hannah and Jake shared the one that was at Jacobs it with Jake's family that night and she's too yes. Well, she was too at the time according to the coroner's report. The eight victims were shot a total of 32. James Chris Rhoden senior was shot nine times. Oh my gosh, and all of the victims were shot in more than once and some of them also had bruising which police took as evidence that they may have been like beaten prior to being shot. Hmm. Yeah, but according to the coroner all but one of the victims were shot in the head execution-style Christopher Road, and Senior was shot in the chest and they think that because they think they shot everybody else while they were asleep and maybe Chris they think he was a thing. That Christopher senior might have woken up and that's why he was shot in the chest. So so what followed the gruesome murders was the largest homicide investigation in Ohio history and as the police's investigation started, they believe that the murders were premeditated and meticulously planned so I would guess so I mean you to just take out eight members and if there's any leave the babies unharmed, right, right, and so the police Told the public that these were most definitely execution-style killings and they were there were likely multiple Shooters, especially, you know, if you're coming in to say like Frankie and Hannah Gilley his fiancee if they're in the same bed, if you hear you're a gunshot go off. I mean you're gonna wake up like so you would think you would need to shoot I'm gonna guess you could shoot people quickly, but you know what? I mean? Yeah, so my area of expertise, right? So as the Asian continued police began to suspect that the victims knew their Shooters and the shooters seem to be really familiar with the Rodin's homes. And as I said before three of them were located like on the same property like family robbery and I'll get more into that. But so according to an article on The Daily Beast.com by the end of the investigation investigators would follow more than 1100 tips conduct 550 interviews serve more than 200 subpoenas. Search warrants and court orders and test more than 700 items of evidence and traveled to 10 different states. What and you're saying all these numbers aren't I still don't think I'm like grasping like how extensive this investigation would have been. Yeah, and that was in like a two-and-a-half year time period. Okay, so that's a lot. Yeah it is. But but I mean this is like 550 interviews is a lot the tips. I'm not really surprised at the amount of tip because some of them are just yeah, but And the number of subpoenas 207 hundred items of evidence. Well, that doesn't surprise me because I was four at crime scenes true treasure. Yeah and eight big yeah. So originally police had little Clues no Witnesses and no idea of the motive, you know going into it any better. So because I had to hear about this so form a former Ohio attorney to and I say former because he was the Attorney General at the time that was going on now. I think he's governor. Thank Mike dewine. Yeah, let me look it up. Hang on. I want to make sure I'm not lying to y'all Mike dewine. Yeah, he is the governor of Ohio anyway, so but like I said at the time he was the Attorney General so former, Ohio attorney general Mike dewine gave a statement shortly after all the bodies were discovered telling the public quote the people of Pike County in the victims families have the right to know the truth. And they have the right to know who did it and they have the right to have these people brought to Justice and quote. That's a run-on sentence and a half right guv'nor. Well, he wasn't government but naturally the small town of Piketon, Ohio was reeling from the news of the rodents brutal murders for perspective Piketon. Ohio has about 2,100 people. Holy crap. So basically just the definition of small town America, you know, like basically this Does not happen here, you know and people of pectin were terrified. I mean residents of Piketon were interviewed on the oxygen documentary that I watched and think it's called The Murders of heights and I'll put it in the source list of it the general consensus consensus was that people no longer felt safe in their homes, you know where people would previously never worried. They would leave their doors unlocked, you know, so now people were you know, Freaking out and you know one person being murdered in Pike County was unheard of much less the murders of eight people, you know. Yeah, so and the rodents were very well known throughout Pike County. You know, they were many many people interviewed in the oxygen special. Oh, that's the name of it the Piketon family murders if anybody wants to look it up and the people interviewed just had nothing but like really great things to say about the family and that's where I got Of this background and foremost this background information from that. I'm going to go into so Christopher Road and seniors parents moved to Piketon Ohio from Kentucky about 50 ish years ago. And so in Chris's father died in 2008 Chris and his eight siblings each received a share of their parents land. So, you know, some of Chris's siblings moved off moved away and moved off of the land, but Chris decided to make his home not far from where he grew up in. In Pike County, you know, he stayed and Chris married a local girl named Dana mainly in 1994 and they settled on the land that Chris inherited from his father. Chris was known to work construction type jobs at the Big Bear Lake Resort in Lucasville, Ohio and Chris's wife Dana worked as a full-time nursing assistant and as we know they had three kids but after 13 years of marriage Chris and Dana decided to call it quits and get divorced. But they decided to stay closed for the sake of their family. So Chris moved into a different mobile home on the same property with his cousin Gary which Chris and Gary are found in one location and data and the three kids were found another one on the same property, which honestly if you can co-parent that yeah and get along that's pretty awesome to me and live in the same, right? Yeah. It's just easier for everybody, right? So according to Gary's brother on the oxygen. Mary Gary was a mama's boy. But he was really a great person and Chris's brother Kenneth Rhoden who also lived just down the road and Gary's brother also spoke about Kenneth and said that he would do basically anything for anybody. So and like I said, Chris and Dana Rhoden had three children. The oldest was Clarence Frankie Rhoden who was 20 years old and according to the oxygen documentary Frankie loved. Girls being outdoors hunting and cars and he was also really into demolition derby which he shared that with his younger brother little Chris. So little crush was often referred to as the Wild Child of the bunch and 19 year old Hannah rodent was kristinia and Dana's only daughter in the middle child and Hannah had two daughters two year old Sofia. Like I said whose fathers Jake Wagner and a newborn baby girl. And Frankie's fiancee Hannah Gilley was also murdered and Friends described her as positive caring and someone who just always put others before herself. And you know, I like to talk about personalized right talk about the victims. Some but in the wake of the murders the media Kana descended upon Piketon. Once it went National people just the media just completely showed up and the media showed up in Piketon, Ohio and began questioning any and everyone reporters were even going to the school and harassing the kids. I can't I really yeah what drives me this is kind of off the rails, but like look like when I see a local Story come out and I mean it could be the slightest. Flaw in the store. It could be I'm freaking typos and I'm like, it just irks me that big gotta be first the punch and they don't and they can't even fix our time. Yes, right. I can't stand it. Right so, you know with it being small town America the rumor mill began to kind of turn and the first was that this was a murder suicide, but that was quickly just proved because the victims were all shot multiple times which rules out murder suicide because if if you're going to shoot Self you can't shoot yourself more than one free. Well, you would think you couldn't. You'd be pretty weak to do a bullet a second time. So Pike County Sheriff Charles reader immediately called and resources to assist in this case because he knew it was more than his small office could handle I mean a town of 2,100 people you're not equipped to handle that the Ohio attorney general Mike dewine the Ohio BCI, which is the Bureau of criminal investigation several different neighboring Sheriff's offices and FBI all came in to assist in the investigation. And they formed a task force and police received over a thousand tips originally. However, none of them panned out so during their search. Okay. So this is where it gets kind of crazy and also realize it's been crazy girl. So during your searches and investigation police discover caged roosters breeding chickens and other equipment consistent with Use and cockfighting rings and this is in 2016. We still do that around here 2016 I guess and there were suspicions that maybe a few from the cock fighting ring could have money led to their deaths like, you know, but police eventually determined that a disagreement over cockfighting didn't result in the road and Family's death and police also looked into Frankie and Chris Juniors love of demolition derby to make sure there weren't any disagreements related to that but The name of that angle either right there. Just I mean they had no idea right. I mean at this point in the investigation you kind of stuff to throw everything at the wall and from the doctor. So eventually police began to hypothesize that do the sheer number of victims in the existence of four separate crime scenes, like like I said, they had to have been multiple Shooters and I've said that but they've had to know them yeah and all of these people are still on the loose, right and it was pointed time frame is this do we know oh, this is like days yeah days after the murders Yes, from what I'm feeling out from something. You said previously that it took a while. Yeah. Yeah. This wasn't a quick thing, but we'll get there. Well, hurry up. Come on. SO attorney general. Mike dewine came forward to inform the public that on April 25th. So four days, right April 21st year for days after the murders investigators discovered a large marijuana grow operation at three of the four killing site. So it took them four days to find it I guess. This was that the Union Union Union Hill Road. Yeah, you know wrote it was at those three properties. I guess it was probably where they live, right? Yeah, that's where they lives but I think it was like a huge Farm not Farm but looky a huge amount of land that they the family-owned. So I guess it wasn't necessarily in the backyard. No, I think it took them a while to and I'll post picture I found pictures so they ended up seizing around 200 marijuana plants that they believed arrays indoors for commercial purposes for sale and these plans were worth about half a million dollars one plant the 200 plants. Oh total know the plants that they see is worth about 500 thousand dollars total. So the news of the marijuana grow operation fueled even more rumors messy messy. So people in police began to consider that a Mexican drug cartel might have been involved in the murders and I was like what mother Confessor? Okay, wait just wait, but apparently that I thought this was funny too. But apparently Pike County Ohio is a big drug trafficking area and for all 2100 people go ahead and really like New but apparently since the legalization of marijuana has been on the rise in the US Mexican cartels have started growing marijuana in the u.s. Instead of taking the risk of having the marijuana across the border because it might get cities die mean so it's not federal. I don't know hmm like a it wouldn't be a federal charge if it was no because if say you're growing marijuana in Mexico to sell in the US to traffic. Akin to the u.s. Why would you not just grow it in the u.s. Right? Right that's face toward eliminate that possibility of it being a federal charge with yuto, right? Yeah true for distribution. But I guess like I guess I don't understand drug cartels and stuff because I was like, why are they worried about marijuana? Like probably just dig do cocaine or heroin, you know, like I thought they were Mexican cartel. There are worried about the big stuff know there are marijuana cartels apparently or or drug cartels that deal with marijuana. I wouldn't know. Right. So police were concerned that the rodents hit like for like previously worked with the cartel and maybe cross them got caught up right or we're like competition for the cartel wearing like led to their death and I thought it was weird that Ohio like this Tiny Town in Ohio, but apparently it's off of like a main Highway that like runs through the whole us, but the fact that the shooters left the Young Aaron alive sort of LED police away from the cartel 3 because he'll members don't tend to have yeah - all right. Look if it had been a Mexican cartel hit they likely would have just killed everyone even young children and babies like they don't care. So that's why they were like, well this person at least has somewhat of a conscience, you know that they like yeah that they didn't kill these three kids. And so after thoroughly chasing those leads police eventually determined that although the Rodin's were involved in illegal. He's the marijuana and the cock fighting these activities didn't lead to their murders. So back at square one naturally. So shortly after the murders police began looking into the road and security system because apparently I they have a security system and I guess if you're growing marijuana, you need a security system. So but a review of the security system didn't show anything but in addition to the rodents cameras, they also had a pair of large dogs. Dogs that according to those who knew the road is and them dogs would have attacked or at least alerted the road and if anyone like unknown to the dogs that showed up, you know, like they'd go crazy. I don't know what kind of dogs it was an aggressive ones well in like the oxygen special or documentary, they did like some reenactments and they showed what looks like rottweilers or but I don't know. Yeah that yeah, I mean it was just big dog rest like guard dogs. Yeah, so police begin to suspect that someone or multiple people who were really familiar with the rodents and their dogs and their property was the shooter or Shooters because you know, if it was somebody coming up dogs knew they wouldn't have freaked out and alerted them, you know, and they were like outside dog. Yeah, like guard dogs. Like I said, so with little leads panting out police begin to look into Dana siblings who found several of the victims. Eames Bobby, Joe and James. Mainly they're married, right? No, they're Brothers siblings brother and sister Bobby, Joe and James are Dana's sister and brother Oh, I thought they said something about your sister-in-law brother-in-law. Oh no, Bobby, Joe found her brother. Yeah. Yeah. So police question Bobby Joe and wanted to know why she was there that morning like you. Yeah, like I did ya Waitin people at yeah, so she told them that she was there to feed the dogs and she insisted that she had nothing to do. The murders and eventually Bobby Joe agreed to take a polygraph and she ends up taking several but she passed every single polygraph. So police eliminated her as a suspect guys. Look it worked out for Bobby Joe to take a polygraph. But like we always say don't take a polygraph. They're probably going to think you're suspicious if you don't do it, but don't take a polygraph. Yeah, they're not foolproof and they can sometimes give incorrect results are admissible right inadmissible inadmissible and police cannot force you to take one. So just don't don't take a polygraph. They're unreliable which is why they are not admissible in court. You cannot use a polygraph and core evidence as evidence. No, so don't don't take a polygraph if you Nothing else from this podcast. Don't take a polygraph taken three polygraphs have you? Yeah for why pre-employment what? Yeah, you have to like. It's like bit real basic questions. They lot damaging a lot of sector test for employment numbers. Thank you for the Sheriff's Office. Oh, yeah, you are. Yeah Special one. Yeah, I did it for say John JP and say John. Okay. Yeah, I mean they tell you the questions that they're going to ask you before. I can do that. Yeah, that's weird because like They ask you if you like. Have you ever stolen over a certain dollar amount? Have you ever been involved involved any sexually deviant acts and I'm like what? What were the other question? How do you ever Define sexually deviant? Well, he did go into details including animals or children. I was like whoa, whoa this escalated. So the one in JP was a little different than like they like 15 questions versus the 10 and then like have you ever bought or sold drugs? Eggs, and like I did buy them, but I was an undercover. So yeah or winds alike. Have you used drugs in the last two years Okay and like that won't necessarily disqualify. Yeah, but they want to see if you're going to be you're going to be truthful. Yeah, okay. Hmm interesting. Anyway, so once they cleared Bobby Joe police started looking at Dana's brother James manly as a suspect police even went as far as to put a tracker on his truck, which he eventually found While working on his truck one day and removed himself. What can you can you do that? If you find a Tracker that police put there are you can you remove it? If you did it was there? Yeah, you can remove it and it's not illegal because the you have to get a search warrant to do it. Yeah, so, okay, so they put it on their legally. He just he doesn't know. Yeah, that's crazy that you don't have to tell you. So just like in Bobby Joe's case police. Never found anything leaking James linking James of the murder. So he was also eliminated as a suspect and Bobby Joe Dana and James parents are were understandably upset that the police were even looking into their other kids in relation to the murder of their daughter Dana and I can get I can understand why they would be upset but police can't police have to look at every single variable and unfortunately sometimes I mean, you know investigating relatives because you know, a lot of times it's not somebody very close to you. Yeah, a lot of times it's not a random a random perp, you know, it's um, You know it some body really really close to you, especially in this case when they were like it's got to be somebody known to them because they knew they seem to know their way around the house the houses and where everyone lived and you know, and there was but one crime scene. Yeah, and then the dogs. Yeah, so in the dogs were harmed. Yeah, so so on May 12 2017, so this is a little over a year after the murders police searched a farm which is recently been sold by George Billy Wagner Who dat is Jake's father? Jake Sophia's Dad. Yeah and his wife Angela. So for George Billy Wagner and Angela. Yes our mom and dad told Papa. Well, he's actually Billy Wagner the Third. Billy George Wagner the third Jake's brother is are you going to urge Wagner the fourth? So that's why I'm telling you that wait. Jake is the fourth Jake Jake's an Edward. Jakob Wagner is Jake but Jake also has a brother and you're going to named George Wagner the fourth and you're going to mean yes. He is invites. Why your he's important Jake so ugly. So please search three separate properties owned by the Wagner family and the Wagner's were one of the most prominent and wealthy families in Piketon. They were even referred to as royalty in the oxygen documentary. However, no arrests were made related to these searches. So they were just suspicious of the sale of three properties. So he said, Or just 100 they stuff arm had been recently sold, but they searched through a search three properties. Yeah. So not long after the one year anniversary of the massacre of the Rhoden family and Hannah Gilley, but I consider her part of the family and she was Frankie's fiance and after several searches of their properties Jake Wagner his parents Billy and Angela and his brother George the fourth and Jake's daughter Sophia just up and moved 4,000 miles from Ohio to Alaska. Have you seen the proposal? You know what? She's like, where are you from? And he's like, she's like he says he's from Alaska and she's like Alaska like she doesn't know I couldn't read that without thinking that but anyway, so the Wagner's told the media outlet that the reason for their move wasn't was the increased media scrutiny that you know, they and that they had been planning this move for a while. So naturally the Wagner's sudden moved to Alaska just made the place even more suspicious of the Wagner. I only wish they had already kind of been looking into them. Which yeah, I mean suspicious like yeah. Yeah, you take your whole family sell all your property and up and move like I mean, I guess 4,000 miles away and they probably didn't have any privacy with the media, but they're also What? Yeah, so the Wagner's eventually returned to Piketon after being in Alaska for just over a year old don't want to lie there in Alaska. No, no, no my cousin lived in Alaska for a while. Her husband was stationed there in the Army. Yeah, and she was like miserable. She's like there's nothing to do it like this is snow and yeah when she ended up not staying the whole time. I think she came back and waited for him to come home because she was just like so miserable one of the one of the girls that's else can see that I know she Move from Alaska Oklahoma, but her husband was in the military. Okay, like I don't know if she's from here. Oh wow know like how but I'm trying to hit up lazy and Hawaii. Let's do half of it. So eventually details regarding the custody battle between Jakob Wagner and Hannah Rodan over their daughter Sofia started to emerge. So Jake and Hannah were dating and their relationship resulted in a daughter named Sofia who was to of the time of the murders. So but at some the point Hannah decided that she didn't want to be in a relationship anymore in the spring of 2015. So a year for the murders and so the baby would have been like a year and Hannah retained full custody of Sofia. However, Sophia spent a lot of time with both the rodents and the Wagner's like she wasn't malicious about her custody. Not that I'm aware of but not yeah. Yeah, but I mean most times judges will give the mother country. Not unheard of but at some point after breaking up with Jake Hannah got into another relationship and becomes pregnant again and Hannah gave birth to another baby girl. And as we already know just five days later Hannah was executed while she slept next to her newborn baby girl. The father of Hannah second daughter was alleged to be Charlie Gilly the brother of Frankie's fiancee, Hannah Gilley. Who were also murdered wait a minute. You got to slow down, right? So the night was not Frankie or no? No Frankie was our brother. Yeah. Yeah because Frankie is the other hand. Yeah the other Hannah so Charlie Gilly so is so Hannah babbling Hannah Roden allegedly had a baby with Hannah Gillies brother. So they just did a simple and swap I guess. Yeah. Okay. I'm on track. Yeah, so Six days after Hannah Road, and her family were murdered Jake Wagner filed for custody of Sofia. Jake request for custody was granted in June 2016. So right not shortly after 8:00. Sophia actually turned 5 in November of 2018 while she was in state custody. So he didn't she didn't go to him right off the bat. Like she did he had her there's a reason she was in state custody, but Mom stop it. So this part of got me because that makes Sofia the same age as my niece even down to the month. Isn't this a and your own kid is my knees. I'm not and just six months older than my own daughter. So this one hit really close to home. Now. I'm going to talk about the arrests. Thank you. So on November 13th 2018, which would be why Sophia was in state custody police arrested cell Webster, Ohio residents Edward Jake Wagner along with his brother George Wagner the fourth and his parents. George Billy Wagner the third and Angela Wagner for the murders and if you two and a half over two and a half years late Miss so we'll just about hmm. If you remember Jake is Jake Wagner is Sophia's father the child that Jake share with Hannah rodent and I think we've established that one key piece of evidence a homemade gun silencer was recovered during October 30th 2018 searches of a property that previously NG to the Wagner's must have been that farm the silencer was sent to the lab to be processed and when results came back on November 7th, which is my husband's birthday a grand jury was convened a week later like week after that and the grand jury ultimately indicted all for Wagner family members on multiple charges and we'll go through the indictment and its entirety shortly. So I want to talk about the gun silencer for a quick minute police have never officially doing air quotes said where the silencer was found, but the evidence list for the trials of the Wagner's made public in January of 2019 included seven photos that prosecutors provided to the defense team of an item that was recovered in late October from a well on the phone and Adams County property that was owned by George Wagner the 4th and Edward Jake Wagner until March of 2017, which is when they moved Around right before they was it was owned by the two sons. Yeah, the evidence list didn't identify the item. But from what I just said that key piece of evidence. The gun silencer was found in late October and we already said that you know, it was found. Yeah, October 30th, and they said that the pictures were of an item that was found in late October. So I'm willing to bet the silencer or parts used to build the homemade silencer or found in that. No. Hmm. So all four members of the Wagner family were arrested simultaneously to avoid the family talking to each other and trying to get their story straight. Actually. I don't have the exact I had the exact times and I meant to Adam but so I'm if I remember correctly, I'm pretty sure the dad was arrested in like Kentucky at some equestrian hospital. So tobacco Billy Wagner's mother. Frederico Wagner owns flying W Farms, which is a horse farm. Okay. So he has in the you found him hiding in like a horse trailer or something outside of a equestrian Hospital in Kentucky. And I think the other three were arrested at home in Ohio, but they they even had like the time they arrested them at the same time when I say simultaneously, I mean within minutes of each other they executed those search will all for search it's all of them in the country I've been on the radio like pretty much that's that's it's so great it's such an adrenaline rush yeah and now they're doing it right like such a concerted effort like you know during the press conference announcing the arrest Pike County Sheriff Charles reader told reporters quote members of One family conspired planned carried out an allegedly covered up their violent act Wipeout members of another family they did this quickly he coldly calmly and very carefully but not carefully enough in quote might drop also in November 2018 Jake Wagner's maternal and paternal grandmother's were both arrested in relation to this case so both grandmas on his mom's mom and dad's mom the grandmothers Rita Jo Newcomb and Frederick or Wagner were charged with perjury and obstruction of justice and were released after posting Bond Newcomb was a cute who is Angela's mother was accused of forging a custody document obstruction of justice and perjury and fredericka Wagner was accused of obstruction of justice and perjury both women plead not guilty to all charges and were on house arrest while awaiting trial. So in December of 2019 read a New England like a few months two months ago. Yeah. Oh wow, read a new come 66 we yeah, they were just arrested in November of Teen so this case is relatively current. So in December of 2019 read a Newcomb 66 withdrew her not guilty plea and instead entered a plea of guilty to an obstruction official business charge, which is classified as a misdemeanor and as a result the other charges of perjury and forgery were dismissed and the judge asked Newcomb if she was coerced into changing her plea to which she replied quote. It's not a good Christian thing to lie, so I don't want to do that anymore end of quote. All of a sudden you an accountant. So you work be you weren't committing perjury. Anyway, she was originally accused of forging custody documents regarding Sophia and then lying about it to a grand jury and investigators. Newcombe is not yet been sentenced and no date has been set for some from her guilty plea for her sentencing. She pled guilty and December, but she hasn't been sentenced yet. I'm not sure. Why are there I haven't said a game Lord on that. Yeah. But she faces up to 90 days in jail and the judge has released her from house arrest and ordered that her ankle monitor be removed. She ain't gonna do no time. She's 60 some years old, right, but he reminded her that she still must adhere to the conditions of her bond and that she's not allowed to have any contact with any of her other relatives charged in the case. So Frederica Wagner, this is the paternal grandmother. Yes, her charges of perjury and obstruction of justice were dismissed by a judge in July of 2019 and fredericka maintains her innocence prosecutors accused her of assisting and covering of the murders by lying about purchasing bulletproof vests online it. Yeah, but according to her attorneys receipts prove that she purchased the vest after the murders. Okay. I want to see the receipt Yes, although the charges although the charges were dropped investigators obtained a search warrant and November of 2019 and spent four days searching frederika Wagner's flying W Farms 2,000 acre property which includes at least one Pond, but all authorities released was that the warrant was related to their Road and family murder case, but they haven't said if they found anything so as promised we're going to talk about the indictment. So an indictment filed on November 13th, 2018 and Pike County charge the four members of the Wagner family as follows George Washington Wagner the third he does not deserve that name. But go ahead so count one aggravated murder of Kenneth Rhoden by use of a firearm. That is an automatic firearm or that was equipped with a firearm muffler or suppressor. So a silence that is a really specific charge. Yeah, the indictment also alleged that George Wagner the third committed the aggravated murder as part of the purposeful killing of or attempt to kill two or more persons. The indictment continued that George Wagner the third committed the aggravated murder while committing attempting to commit or fleeing immediately after committing or attempting to commit aggravated burglary and either George Wagner. The third was the principal offender and the aggravated murder or if not the principal offender committed the aggravated murder with prior calculation and Design. So premeditation so capital capital murder, right? So to me what all that is saying is that George magnet of the third planned then executed the murder of Kenneth Rhoden with a firearm equipped with a silencer and while trying to rob him that was like a mouthful but yeah, Ohio needs every word they stuff because they need a yeah, what's it called when they amended they need to do that. So so counts to through count eight against George Papa Wagner sounds 2 through 8 are aggravated murders of we already set count one was cursed Kenneth Rhoden. So counts two through eight for aggravated murder where Christopher Road and Senior Gary Rhoden Clarence Franklin rodent Hannah Hazel, Gilly Dana Rhoden Hannum a rodent and Christopher Road and Junior with all of the same specifications that we previously talked about in count one. So so he there. implying that he's The Mastermind Not necessarily because they charge them all the same way all four of them the same. Okay, but okay, but so I guess they're covering themselves was saying that each one of them individually was either the principal or or participated in the planning of it. So they're covering so but Cia, so but they labeled Kenneth Rhoden first as the first victim count one. Yeah, but she was the one in the camp. Not on Union Hill Road. I don't know if there was any Rhyme or Reason to the numbering. Yeah, but because my guess but I after like listening to everything. I feel like Hannah Gilley. No. I keep getting a hand as mixed up Hannah. Roden would have been first the baby mama his babe. Jake stay because that's the link. Yes. I know. She's not the first count. But okay so count nine and this is still on the dad count nine was conspiracy to commit murder which is a first-degree felony counts 10 through count 13, which was four counts of aggravated burglary, which is a first-degree felony one count for each location. Hmm count 14 unlawful possession of Majors ordinance 5th degree felony counts 15 through count 17 three counts of tampering with evidence which is a third degree felony count 18 forgery which is a fifth degree felony count 19 unauthorized use of property which is a fifth degree felony count 20 interception of wire oral or electronic communications which is a fourth degree felony count 21 obstructing justice fifth degree felony and count 22 engaging in a pattern of corrupt activity first-degree felony so they hit him with 22 counts just the dad so the rest of the Wagner's Angela Joe Wagner George Washington Wagner the fourth and Edward Jakob Wagner will alter all charged with the same 22 charges as the dad Jake Wagner also had an additional charge count 23 for unlawful sexual contact minor which is a fourth degree felony and he was charged with this last count because of the time his daughter with Hannah was conceived Jake was 20 and Hannah was 1500 day so they hit him with that too so took us hold up that I'll get there that was a lot and I will say this the state of Ohio was not playing around when they leveled these charges and honestly good for them like I feel like they threw the book at them on this well I mean I'm not going to jump to that yeah because they got appeals and they got well and I guess let me let me get into this and wheel well and I guess I guess you put all these charges on them just because to have enough for them to maybe play it down and You know, yeah because I mean, you know how well you're doing with that. Well, you're not you're not going to plea to the death penalty. But you know, so according to the indictment the Wagner's allegedly used parts from a lawnmower to make their own homemade gun silencer some redneck kind of all right. Also, according to the indictment the Wagner's purchased shoes from Walmart to use for the murder. They also purchased gun ammunition a gun magazine and a brass catcher and a variety. Catcher is something you attached to the gun, which is meant like to catch the shell casings as their objective. So you're not leaving shell casing. These facts were included in the indictment as support for the conspiracy charges like premeditation. Basically, they the indictment also alleges that the Wagner's forged documents including custody documents according to the indictment prior to the murders. The Wagner's surveilled the rodent habits routines sleeping locations physical layout of properties. And counter surveillance devices present on the properties including pets so they were like basically stalking these people. Like like that creepy surveillance van, right that's supposed to be an ice cream truck with no, it's not they're really watching you according to the indictment. The Wagner's also hacked into victims social media accounts, which I think that probably is related to what you count is at count 20 interception of wire oral or electronic communications because I know when I read that when you were like, yeah, I read that they hack there. Social media accounts and they possibly hacked like their texts or something. Yeah, they were too much out here. Right like why over custody like over your kid? Yeah, which I don't know people do some crazy things for their kids. So I don't know the indictment accuses the Wagner's of destroying and tampering with evidence of the crimes including a video recording device. Which Edward Jakob Wagner had purchased in March of 2016. So a gun silencer video and trail cameras belonging to the victims and phones belonging to some of the victims moving the body of Christopher Roden senior in the body of Gary Rhoden and providing false and misleading information to authorities. So as I said before all four members of the Wagner family have pleaded not guilty to all charges and are currently in the pre-trial hearing fees, awaiting their actual trials because this is likely a death penalty case. They're going to be tried separately. Yeah. So I know we usually don't cover cases where the trials haven't happened yet, and I don't like to because I like to know what happened but I need closure. I just want to say that all cute all accused are presumed innocent until proven guilty. So do not come for me trying to sue me for libel or slander. I am just presenting the facts of the case as they were reported. Y'all can draw your own conclusions from the information. I have given you again the Accuser. zoomed innocent until proven otherwise in a court of law yeah yeah cya I have to say that so George Billy Wagner the third Jake's father was in court for a pretrial hearing on December 9th 2019 and during this hearing his defense asked for an extension to file substantive motions and which was granted by the judge and they stated that the reason for the extension is so that they have time to comb through the files and evidence that they have and compare it to what the prosecution has Billy Wagner was actually back in court recently on February 11th 2020 which was what to 11 days ago 11 days ago yeah so his attorneys voice their frustrations with or their clients frustrations with parts of the case specifically that bill he's upset he can't always meet with his lawyers and person to go over the evidence yeah don't ask somebody I knew you were going to have a problem with that don't kill nobody right instead he has to meet with them via video conference and his lawyers continued that they're concerned that he wouldn't receive a fair trial if the trial were to be held in Pike County due to the limited audio video capabilities of the older courtroom but prosecutors responded that if Billy's trial is in fact held in Pike County they would bring in Updated video equipment or I thought you were about to go to the jury but no and the prosecution and defense attorneys plan to have a meeting to discuss the discovery like the evidence on March 13th, 2020 and Billy Wagner is due to return to court on April 15th 2020. But that's day. That's not true. That's still pretrial. Yeah. So Angela Wagner Jake's mother was in court for a pretrial hearing on December 11th, 2019 during a prior September 2019 hearing for antibiotics arrested in November 18 1883. So during a prior September 2019 hearing for Angela the judge ruled that she was no longer allowed to make phone calls or write or receive letters because according to prosecutors and And her mother had been communicated one who had been ordered not to yes communicate the wreck. So I should be a violation of her bond. Hmm, right? It should have been why is she not back in jail? And the other three Wagner's the dad and the two sons were in court and as recent as this month, February 20 20, but I haven't seen where Angela was in court because usually they're being tried separately but They usually will have court pre child dates like the same week. Yeah, so Edward Jake Wagner was in court for a pretrial hearing on February 10th 2010 day before his dad Jake's defense filed for motions. One of which was to hire an Evidence coordinator for all the defendants and the judge said the court would consider it but it would be quote quite a bit of cost and quote which was estimated to be 80 thousand dollars or more. Okay. Hell, yeah, the prosecution is still working to turn over all of their evidence to the defense the prosecution has previously described the amount of evidence and Discovery as quote voluminous and quote and the prosecution and defense are planning to meet on March 13 2020 like I said about his dad and his dad's they because they said the same date to go over the discovery yeah Jake's attorney also wanted to go on record to say that some inmates in Franklin County Jail where Jake is being housed have been trying to get Jake to talk about his case which is not allowed but his lawyer not it's a gag order on them and this case but the Jake's attorney continued that he doesn't believe Jake is discussing the case but the court should be leery of any inmate that may come forward claiming that Jake has so Jake's next hearing is set for April 8 2020 put them in solitary you won't have that problem so George Wagner the fourth was in court for his pre-trial hearing on January 21st 2020 his lawyers in the prosecution were discussing the defense having access to all the evidence that the prosecution has and ensuring that the prosecution hands over all evidence to the defense by the end of January 2020 the assistant prosecutor also agreed to direct the defense to which of the Asians recordings and evidence that the prosecution is likely to use at trial because you know, the defense has a right to see what evidence the prosecution versus. Yeah, so I didn't see another date for when he was going to be in trial or the mom but I'm assuming it's going to be sometime in April because it's been the other two are going to be there Ohio's right to a speedy trial means that someone facing a serious felony charge must be brought to trial within 270 days. However each Each of the Wagner's have waived that right. So who knows how long of Trials could be delayed and have that child with the officer shootings and it had been six and a half years. So as of this recording the official trial dates for the Wagner's have not yet been set. It wasn't. So according to The Enquirer the state has paid more than 37 thousand dollars for funerals for the Rhoden family members. And it the state has also agreed to pay an initial $100,000 for the trials of the for Wagner family members charged with the murder, but it will likely cost the small County more than 1 billion million dollars for vacation Mmm Yeah with an M. So current attorney general Dave Yost is concerned that the cost might cripple the small County. So State lawmakers will need to approve that spending. yeah so how kind of that so that's I mean that's where we stay in I just want to reiterate before we wrap up that the Wagner's have not yet been to trial so they have not yet been convicted and are presumed innocent until proven guilty obviously we're going to follow the trials of the Wagner's and will likely post an update episode when and if convictions are handed down but we'll probably wait until all four just to do one yeah Would also after we wrap up this episode are y'all are going to work on our new discussion group, right? So we will get that going yes to join talk about episodes. Yeah and theories and what you think and but this one mainly because it there's no so resolution rights point. So right there's still a lot to talk about right and gosh like the the biggest thing that breaks my heart is they did this allegedly You for custody of Sophia, but they murdered her entire. It's Mom's extended family. They murder her mother and her mother's extended family. And now her father's her father and her father's family an orphan or in jail. So she is nobody like what blows my mind is. All right. Jake was the father any how on Earth did he get his whole family on board with such a crazy I don't know Mike dewine has said that the whole family was like obsessed quote-unquote with custody of the kid I don't understand I mean they said that they were wealthy so in as part of made it happen if it you know and as far as I know they were sharing custody pretty evenly evenly so why yeah like that since we're the hell with Sophia the night they murdered her right because she was with Jake that night so he was keeping her yeah and she was to write right was sheet you know in the car and the car seat the car running oh God or did they leave with the grandmothers yeah I mean so what I want to leave you with is a poem which is inscribed on The Headstone of the shared grave of Chris senior Dana Chris jr. Hannah and Frankie Rhoden and it reads quote you never said I'm leaving you never said goodbye you were gone before we knew it and Only God Knows Why a million times we needed you a million times we've cried if Love Alone could have saved you you never would have died and life who loved you dearly and death we love you still in our hearts we hold a place that only you can fill it broke our hearts to lose you but you didn't go alone for part of us went with you today God took you home mom and quote sorry that just and I've read that poem all times I've seen it before it's just it really yeah that one's really struck me so yeah well we'll definitely keep track of this and let you guys know set up a Google alert and let you guys know start that discussion group that way if any of y'all come across something you can let us know that way or send us a message whatever yeah so well y'all that's the case of the Rhoden family Massacre thank you for listening to homicide homegirls if you enjoyed today's episode head on over to our Facebook page you and leave us a review or rate US on whatever podcast platform you're listening on if you want to be the first to know when an episode is released make sure you subscribe to our podcast follow us on Instagram at homicide homegirls Facebook at facebook.com slash homicide homegirls podcast and Twitter at home girls pod if you would like to suggest an episode use the form located on our Facebook page once a month we plan to answer fan submitted questions Segment we like to call hashtag ask the homegirls. So be sure to use the Forum on our Facebook page to submit your questions.