Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career sinceIn a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the times when maybe I have gone and got goals like this season. It's predominately growing up. I was asked to play What's called now the sitting rolling on the floor rolling them the six everyone at look here and if I look back with a little bit of regret I used to enjoy doing it. The six yard box if you like them, so there's that and with that comes being an out of being able to set plays. Yes. It was pretty widely kicks Corners long throws just being opportunity. So the biggest thing is that really got over the last x amount of years. I've been I've had that opportunity to do that and then to back the heart. You've got a want to store the wonderful goal and maybe I've been guilty over my career, especially younger days. I've maybe been through enough for one of my customers want to score and after Alita Graham come get some it's a bit of everything really and then with that comes confidence when you start storing one, two, three to gain confidence again belief and you can just click on from there with a biggest thing is the type of role and position. I've been asked to play and that sort of changed adapted the older. I've got to suppose that Jules. The first one was very special find at Wembley and obviously getting a promotion to ligue 1. We went into it last time use on but just quickly See how special was that? And how special was That's Good Fortune. So the top category the top one two, three, if you like now my career and achievements because being successful and winning is what it's all about and promotion in it for to take the club back to the highest. It can be a win-win in that division or Vision. So it's quite a while ago now funny enough. This season and change and then I will never ever forget. I always go back to always remind myself. I'm very proud of the way from the managers the most all the way through the coach and the players. It was a lot of leaders a lot of men a lot of people who wanted to do something that bit about our summer. Yeah. It was a fantastic time in my career. And what about our Wembley that was remember interviewing shirtless? And he said you to show the room the night before and that you two were just like excited kids waiting to play at Wembley. Yeah, then they're not being asked to sleep late. Well new shit right up five. My bra for a long time is knew each other. I know we know I probably going to feel the next day and it was a pretty tough stuff. Yeah, it was a fantastic day and excite them sleeping on the floor and the game. It was a lot of adrenaline going on but it's just a great great Irwin and the minute that we will skip forward a little bit you return them to six years later for the Joe's first one trial. How does that differ to signing just normally for a club and having To prove yourself. Well, it's very what you're saying. You come in and you sign for a club and straight away. You know, you're there you got the security and you can hit the ground running and maybe play with the shackles off and relax a little bit because you know that we're under contract to say for whatever but that's how it should be and how it hurts you feel when it's much better that way but you're coming troll on trial, you know, you have to press button press hard as well because Bring your Sabre Kaiser. Maybe they're desperate for that position or she's the case of have a look because they know you are a good liar. And why you out about mother might necessarily need you in that position. And yeah, that was a little bit with me. It was I was debating going to one or two different places and one of them with a broom to America and I just got the call correct on the like the Saturday. I think it was barbecue got to call it a lot of opportunities, maybe come in and train and probably more just to keep fit. But who knows maybe a little look at the same time? Possibly need a player in that position and I came in and for whatever this is sometimes it works out. Sometimes it doesn't that's one of the only time that really done it and I hit the ground running shroud way around train. Well, okay you very fit. I've been doing my own three seasons and I would fit I was strong. I was hungry. I knew that I loved playing again. Hit the ground running very well when I didn't really look back to be there and I knew In a few days or a week the other great job. We saw in division. I know how I was trading myself and what they were saying to me and that see what the standard umbilical is like under what fit right in yes. I never looked back and I was reliably or work that we won the first season back at preschool could have started any better joining them with third incorporate. Your individual performances were brilliant. I'll make a paste of it being probably the peak of you can improve goal scoring inside. We've had teams like Shepherd. You're not in a meal how Good. Was it playing in that City? On the other side, then it would mix it up with that the our Amour ET je case and Tyler. Did he come in that year was that the year after scoring goals of options? And we were very solid that the back as well right away from knelt all the way through. So we just we just had a great great call in that scene. We had a great team spirit Johnny dancer job. No matter how good the team was one thing that always stood out and people always spoke about no matter where it is in your hands or Media or whatever. How good was Buddy That season that was maybe one of the best individual performances all season long. I've seen in that division. It gave me the confidence to drive and vision and it was just everything happens. Remember my first going shopping tonight funny enough. Because he was very good news accounts to not saying it's a big part of it. Obviously my thoughts. So close to where we probably could have gotten should have gone there. Yeah, you touching it the second half of season 1 as good as first Pullman slightly dropped and obviously we didn't pick up as many points and we managed to miss out on a playoff spot. What exactly went wrong do you think and what was maybe the defining point in the season? There's a few factors really I think There's only so long a group and our Squad can go and continue to do what we're doing. Are you mentioned the ages? Well results will did I experience I think a big thing was obviously one being that he suffered an injury. Obviously. He's falling quite so much in the season. We were understandably and sometimes it can't continue that whole time but I think if that going into too much, I think if we'd have made two or three signs in the window, Generator. Yeah, what a strengthen the little bit more than we did when you're up in that position and maybe punching above your weight. Also achieve the security Squad in the budget that we had. I think maybe if we love if they have signed two or three, maybe more experienced players or viable bit more quality to maybe they've got us over the line gave us a bit depth in the sky and I believe with a would have done it and I think that's the only real reason that the managers backed or budget wasn't now I don't know forever. A reason the sign is never happened. I think maybe that would have been the difference in us going all the way around least making the glass. Yeah, the next season just never on paper assembled a fantastic straws. We have the likes of obviously yourself Hawking chesky Emanuel Thomas whose ability was brilliant, really not and Scott like startled coming through the door as well as keeping Riley that many fans will be challenging for the title was the expectation set on you for promotion. Yeah. I think we definitely got into that season thinking whatever great jobs and knew it wouldn't be easy. It never is easy. And in the League's any league and I think I might be fixed with maybe definitely top off put it into the blast and we have a great chance of the playoffs think remember it being quite a tough division on paper that you use in the things we've come down and come up and cetera and there are some of the things that reflect sort of adding to their team. But yeah, listen it was a sometimes when you got a lot of very good players. We want to be plan. And it's hard to fit in and you're trying to find the right formation, which is didn't quite click the best of times that year and for me the change happened multiple going on. I'm not sure what but the things they were wondering bad. Well, we know we're under achieving but where we were to see before so then it was a running time things will change in time for the better. But the change in happen it was frustrating but yes, we probably should have been doing better. What was the change room like a zombie so you obviously had characters like Jay Manuel Thomas. He had offered a being that who may be obviously this is just speculation could have been frustrated that we could engage move away, which was on people reported two and a half million pound more characters. You get the harder to change woman lady two handles and soul and when results aren't going well, we never finished. Professional legal was Dave everything they knew and some point you'd be calling. So if you ever think you could well things up. So Susan Ben goes fun. And we struggled points throughout season. As you said the change coming in January of 2017. There was a place for I-80 Pennock who'd only had one manager position before that forestry. We felt in Brighton with the biggest budget in the National League. What were your first thoughts when you heard the news of Justin's departure? Like an excuse if you like to say it was the timing timing was from in the writings in the hotel about to play older than the right and we'll have our breakfast with head out pretty much and I suddenly got pulled after three months of assuming the bottom stairs and the told me that a few hours before kickoff. And again, the timing was all wrong for the been done and in a much better format and an easier way out of that to accept it either way, but it said, Don't knock the stuffing out and me. I didn't see it coming. I was shocked and if you ask majority, if not, all of the boys in the change with next year that if they said who should have been captain or who they wanted to be Captain up think that said to me and I'm very close to Maxie. I think I'm rooming with him at that time. I think I'm still there. Self as a flyer and character that's on and yeah. Listen, I wasn't happy and it didn't get us off on the right and on the right direction right foot and I think the performance that day shoulder holding them back to speaking to the chairman the next day and about or whatever else. It just didn't sit right with me. Either way. It was done in the way that we've loaded. It was I didn't like it and I think there was a vision and he or people that have loved wanted to go down and that was the start of it, you know. I could say maybe a bit more but that's where I felt it was going but it was something I had to get on with them and suck up and crack on with you. What I did as I mentioned earlier. The penetrating was one definitely forget under his influence. But you had your best record in front of goal under Asian. You went from three career goals to 14 in one season, as you said the change in position Works massively for you in that season and penalties was your thing. A lot of it because of what he had available at the time and as well as a fitness coach at about distance and high intensity running what you wanted out and see my stuff and I just you know, what if I'm being honest when I look back I just played with say no fear in his life. You're going to do that to me take the your mind off of me and treat me the way the done what we've got to lose your goal is not to chance. You're not going to play me. I said come on. Let's go. We've got nothing to lose in and that was it as I say, I was in the Box Four Corners free-kicks filings, but I'll just call them go and have a bit of a going to get up and around the shrike and going and gold and a lot of what I hit that season seemed to go in obviously. I didn't take pennies. I think only scored one of them Seasons if you look at it. I know you probably got a few calls the end as well, but to take those goals away. And I've had lots of sadness because it's not just me. It's a whole team and group the club with a bit in need to without those goals the truth about it. So that's the way I look at it. I hold my head high and be proud that you broke records in that season with a hat-trick of penalties a nine minute sketch for besides. It's comfortable. I think the only other place that was online Ronaldo which isn't bad company that must've been unbelievable. So we're really I can't I remember it was a long time around March. I think before the pedal is we've been very bad that way. It's one or two one or two definitely to nail down and I just remember I know where one penalty took it scored second comes quickly. I was a troll takes three and one games thanks to all of the for you not run the front foot thinking is anyone going to win this is going to be asked and I'm in the break into the box one depends. We myself and I never the team celebrate with me like with your score and I'm obviously going to be different from any time thinking among the take his life by giving it to somebody else because it was like, I really do 3-1 game and funny enough to spoke about a little bit already Maxine close friend of mine said whispered in my ear, but it just smashes one down the middle where you've gone for the other two and at the bait enough or you know, what Norms in a goal something I do and I went to the left think that over the last one again runs the righteous and then it went in and I just went off. Set up outside in the stomach the probably never happen to me again, but only very very rarely happen in the game and if someone schools and free as well, probably even more rarer, but yeah again one of them things that will stick with me forever. Will the wait be my mind something. I'll always get aren't memorabilia and obviously with people asking a showing something. I'm labeled with excited. I'm very proud of the Season before that to not take penalties at all to the next season. You're scoring free. Nine minutes. Yeah. Yeah, it's brilliant. So it's come out of nowhere. I think I just remember one or two get Miss That season or someone. Yeah, how about one or two myths and then comedy or someone was injured and I said to myself, you know, I mean take them. Itself and the whole setup and I said before the game I said that loan. I just picked it up till I was having it stored and that man obviously discomfort Run come up in gangs are after and then that was it really we just manage that last season as you said without me with goals and Cody's got em remember code is going to brilliant goals against Bristol, right? Well, they're just or of course you did. I remember it being the free players or four players. We others seem to care and give any That season was yourself Cody back and Stuart Knowlton what he did play my nose and so in Haiti was accused of was definitely trying to assassinate the characters in the same such as the aforementioned which I think without you he would have been big things. That's why I don't think so, but that's why we'll go on to this is shove me with whatever. Install without just said and then however materialized moving into the next season and that because it was about like saying these words but my performances and Leadership drive and goals basically kept him in a job from the start. So for what happened, I don't know whether whose Vision it was whether it's a club vision and refusing his vision and it got me really let me down because everyone knows what you're going to mentally yeah, it's me. I didn't want to leave I didn't go anywhere and yes, there's interest it's coming in but the club with a looked after me and warranty and other way and get me another way that I didn't completely opposite and that's where it's very strange. I mean when me and you and a few others made up of three or four years ago money. Now, remember you saying to me didn't want to leave telling him you wanted to restore it to him cock captain at the time had everything going for you and not it was brilliant. I don't see any of the funds with wanted you to leave definitely not in the way that happened. He was accused of the same thing at Forest Green actually, but The most emotional day you had a country that day. What was it? What was it like to be involved in a thing where you're looking at our results and going if they score we were against Denton advance and just asking and whatever else you don't know scores and we're trying to concentrate on your own game. You've got one team plan with no no worries because if Win Lose or Draw, we finally got us means everything to ask. They're not nice. They're nice ones. The final wish was over then, you know, you've heard or you know, you're saying yeah during the game. They're very Twitchy very heartwarming and it must be involved in you might probably be safe or land or something at the top early rather than that. How would you compare it to plane in one of those and Celebrating stand up to celebrate in Moon Wembley and we get promoted it. Is it more relief? Yeah. This is Lance is more relief than light. Thank God for this is still a massive party afterwards. Yeah, it's still like you happy relax and celebrate and think of the summer holidays like yes for stabbing visual year go again, but the celebration of like a promotion that you can't explain. Yeah, like words never be able to explain. It's just get story because it's just brilliant. This is what it's all about what we were laughing about it. Yeah, you're fine for me pot of gold reported. It's interest from not enforced as you said the living ever come to fruition was already talked of your move. So the champion back to the championship you score that many goals decent age in the one you're going to attract interest from bigger clubs maybe in that Division and above and I don't know how concrete the not the forest one was. I know there was cause I know there was messages and whatever else and it's a humongous football club, but the closer one was shown and I know those discussions with the children weren't enough to comfort children again. It's a football club big football club. And there's no there's no denying it for me that children would probably were offering a bigger contracts more a better contract at the same time. It won't just touched upon them if they repent and whoever else it wasn't jananam show that they wanted me to stay. They wanted to look after one to treat you well and the worgen thank me what I did or I'll let you just make me feel wanted to because At that time I didn't feel wanted I could say I was getting edged out and preseason with the games. I was playing in the world getting treated. I heard stuff I could get told stuff and Footwear brand talk to me. I'll be told a few things and then come and start season. I wasn't starting after what I've done the season before and I was no different in every season, you know, I came back the Fantastic attitude about you and I could just see it from minute one though. They didn't want me or other characters like that here big characters and people that love the club and the club at heart and that was what the weird thing was. What'd you think? I was I don't know. I don't know what it was and I see it. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what the managers who work in that envelope Noms. Yeah, it's structure is all about so for me to sit here and say to you the in the end. I didn't turn around to the club and say I wanted to leave I'd be lying. I would have stayed at Judaism and I will save him a contract I was on if I was showing I was wanting them and they wanted to keep it but there was interest how far it went. There was discussions more the show and one things didn't materialize but problem was things got messy things got messy with in the club with me and like the enemy if you like them being it it wasn't my place for me to be getting getting treated quite as well as I should have done and I was happy to crack on and get on with it. But in the end you got a little bit too messy and yeah and whatever else so they have the thing with the contracts best of both best for both parties if you like and I basically bear in mind when I first comforted in them not many know this but I was planning to do them for nothing. I wasn't even on the contract so I wasn't getting paid and I gave that for the good of the club. Myself as well, but that shows the type of character a person I am but and in the end, I didn't ask for any money to get out of my contract in place of gave up money if anything and we worked out an agreement and I never had anywhere to go. I never had anything concrete and one or two things are forming from observing that sign of the South End sometime after but it was a risky thing. I've done that you basically what I was 14 to and what was pushed it not so much pushing to but I just wasn't treated right mother. So we threw that they used. Cool $14 the last season player of the Season without a doubt jingle fans loved you wanted to see you play one in c v capital D and I was got it and then I assume you get a phone call from a lady and go we need to sort this out. We want you to leave the club taught me exactly through what happened because I think a lot of people want to know because it come from nowhere. Yeah. Yeah. It was a It's a boy named Dalton felt let down and just frustrated really because I thought it was my second spelt flour. Will I ever get a hug I sent you many a time. I could see myself the fact that it's quite local to home. I was happy everything with my family world and this is was and I didn't need to go anywhere. I'll be more than happy sailor and after doing so well one season and keeping a club in a vision or plan a big part taking a puddle of the vision and plan for a group of fans that love me so much and I love them to that connections over to such a big thing. It was like, what's what What's going on here as eyesight is felt let down frustrated disappointed and got it really and as much as it was part not reliable partly my choice as well, but it had to be yeah the best of both parties and just views really confuse them and still to this day. It's 8:00 yet to text me in the summer after a really sad news of what happened to Justin and asked to go out to me wasn't it was all just weird. I think they'd be knew what I was about specially Jamie Davies assistant coach. They knew I was about a knew I was a good person. A good player and a good character and leader and there was more to it. I'll never know why whether that was him or else other people, but I think he knows made a mistake in what happened in the end, but it's just trying to tear up Justin. Yeah, previously. I think that's the what you just said there with the biggest thing by as a plan and staff for I was just in before. Yeah, and yes, Justin saw me and I just kept me out of fantastic relations in the gist was one of your goals. I mean, you can't do it for another manager professional I solve is going to crap on and where the journey was shirt and I think that was gone. That's the biggest answer. They thought I was just And I wasn't sure I'd field and if I was debating if I do it for them and if I would be looking elsewhere if it's a tie we need to end soon, but one last question is also love to his fans would love the opportunity. So bother you, I think a lot of people see you as the cult hero Jews knew I can't tell you how much people did the lobby is really messages you'd like to say to the judge learns. The biggest thing for me is It makes me happy and proud when I see him winning games in the Saturday. They are one of if not the first result. I look for every single week. I will always have friends there. And as you know, the fans there my mind are the main people I care about also got some teammates there or close with I will be back one day in some capacity. I will sir whether it be obviously. I'm sure which I already had been back to play against you, but I'll be back in some capacity because I want to say in football when I finish so whatever way I don't know. I will be flying wise maybe who knows maybe I could happen. Maybe that's past. We don't know you never know in football. But I love the football club. They'll always be in my heart. You know what I think of the whole place and you Vans and it's a shame our ended. I would love to have had a farewell when a goodbye when you play over a hundred times or rather than and you're successful for the football club and have that connection and bond with the fans. It's a shame the way it ended that was mainly out of my hands something that I couldn't really control in. The end will be it. I've made a Part in but it was a sort of got messy because of other people drown themselves and now listen, I love the football club. It's club that will always be close to my heart and they'll be more with with me and getting them as I say in some way and I can't make that day because I see myself as I say packaging them doing something in some way one day. There will be a link attached to this podcast to the Justin over Foundation run by his son Charlie Mitchell. See you. Go big coin Josh. Thank you very much for your time and good luck. The rest season with Leyton Orient and I appreciate it. Thank you. And as on that just a J-3 Foundation. We all know where is on the social media and the links raising as much awareness for that and funds and different bits and bobs for that is obviously massive and can save people's lives and we'll know what it's there for now and what we're trying to achieve and raise awareness for him Charlie. Obviously, he's doing fantastic and any support and any awareness for that would be much appreciated brilliant. Thank you very much for Simon.