Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind ofI felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own season, but it's technically not so that's why this is season 2 part 1 recap and yeah, we're going to go over a lot of stuff maybe some stuff we missed and or maybe some stuff we've sort of re-evaluated maybe changed our minds on who knows. We'll see my mind is made up. Oh, perfect. We are also going to do a very special thing at the end of the episode we are going to Talk about the international pilot ending. We've brought it up a few times over the course of our episodes. I know we brought it up during the season one recap, but Dave and Tyler hadn't seen it yet. We've all seen it and we are excited to talk about it. It is summer saving that for the end in case any of you haven't seen it. Not that it's super spoilery. But you know, it is its own thing so we will get there but first we're just going to dive into baby just a couple of random topics or kind of a loose. Sure, and then we're going to go in and talk about different characters. Our favorite deaths maybe some favorite scenes and favorite new characters. We're going to go to all of that. So Dave I'm gonna start with you. Do you have anything you want to start with today? I mean what stays prominent in my mind that just kind of pops up is there goes away and leaves me completely baffled is the cream corn cream corn was at the Forefront for a little bit for me and hasn't left my mind. What is this magic kid? Why was he not there when they went back? What is happening? I don't know no Theory. No theories Tyler. No, Dave hasn't seen all of fire walk with me. He'd seen you should be a couple scenes that yeah, usually in the thing or two. I know for sure kind of heavy cream corn theme. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't want to it's not something. I feel like I can speak too much on just because it's not again what we what we know of it so far in the series is just seeing It in the little boys hands mystery man's grandson and it's kind of all you can go off of I do know a little bit about what it later will come to represent. Okay, even then why cream corn roll we are okay. It's I think that's just gonna let you know. I mean, I think I think that's something we're gonna have to that's that's a Maura further down the line once we get to get to more of that. Sorry Tyler. There's some creamed corn in your future. It's cool. I love creamed corn. I love it. Yeah, and how do we can't Deep dive on creamed corn but it's just such a such a choice. It's a visual what would have been better deviled eggs nailed you are not wrong. I love deviled eggs quick story used to be when my grandmother on my dad's side was with us. We would Plays at Thanksgiving and Christmas the entire family get together in that house. My dad is one of like nine kids all with children and grandchildren of their own big big family. Where is earnest Raven Jackson in this story. He is still the brother of my father. Okay your uncle I yeah, so I got your father's your father's brother. I actually think that his middle name might not be right, but I think that might be Millis the even Millis rape in with a beat Raven is not Raven. I always cool. I always was under the impression it was Raven and I'm going to stick with that said yeah, just whatever makes your life the best it can be go with that that that we'd have a big big family all together in this one house and there was an aunt that I didn't see much and so just having not had a lot of interactions. We didn't have, you know particular like or dislike for each other. But there is one year at I want to say Thanksgiving there was a tray of deviled eggs and we both reached for the last one on the tray. And almost got into it a little bit like like didn't speak for a while. Oh, wow about the last deviled egg. Oh, wow. I care for her deeply and I can't tell you what your and it was because it was so long ago and the family is so big, but I know for a while there was definitely some bad blood between me and Aunt over a deviled egg and Aunt an aunt. That's fantastic day. I love that story. I'll fight you. I love that your uncle's name is Raven. That's my main takeaway. When you started this and you said you used to go to your grandmother's house. I thought you were going to say she made you hold the deviled eggs in your hand like this. It was a compass competition. That's how she makes yeah, like Reagan one hand in the filling in the other. They just clap it together. Nothing beats the safe sensation of when egg and filling a lot. I will say I think because it's a cat that's actually a topic. I've been thinking about a little bit for whatever reason would be creamed corn lately. No, The know what the creamed corn there is you say it's a choice, but there is a there's actually a fairly decent meaning with the choice I think but that's still something that we are far away from that so moving past cream corn then yeah, I will bring up a topic that that we didn't really touch on much but there was an interesting parallel. I wanted to bring up while it wasn't really I mean it's foreshadowing is what it is when Ben and Audrey have that moment. In the first episode when she's up at One-Eyed Jacks and you know Ben's in there. He doesn't know, it's Audrey. She's got the mask on. Yeah, there is sort of that parallel about the father and daughter like getting ready to get intimate to Leland and Laura, you know what I mean? It's not exactly exactly the same but it is sort of a parallel to its foreshadowing what's to come I think in a way and not quite a mirror but right that right that's theme of Like have it in your mind that this is possible, right? Yeah same to same. Yep. Yep. Hmm. No, thanks. That was one of those things I picked up on on my first re-watch going back after finding out that we Lim was the killer. It was like, oh this is almost a hint and its own way. Gotcha. Yeah, even though we didn't okay realize it I see where you're coming from. Yeah, that makes sense familial relations in this series this season. Are pretty prominent to like Riggs and Bobby have their moment where they kind of connect this father and son and they completely different way from what we're talking about. Yes. No, absolutely. Yes, totally different. But in there's stuff like just brand new family members popping up like gersten. Yeah who has there's no staying power and no connection to anyone right? It's just it's a really wild west mentality of What family relations to make important? In this season Jim West Desperado. It's just it's really wacky that they pay a lot of attention to making sure that some family Dynamics are addressed and others just come up as a fleeting moment. It was not a care in the world. Another thing. I want to bring up in relation to the last episode. I've brought up a couple of times about how interesting it was. The way Hawk was reacting to everything involving Leland and Bob at the end when when they finally like, you know locked up Leyland. Yeah, we're hockey, you know was staring at him. He had a gun pointed at him. He was staring at him through the doorway when I went back and listened to that episode. I was kicking myself for not saying oh I get it. He was watching him like a hawk. Boom. It's true though that I do really like that detail because Hawk being how he is like having the connection with the woods and and all that. And another thing was talking about the paralyzers would I was actually revisiting our rest and pain episode from season one because we talked about Cooper's dreams. He's talking about his dream sequence and that plays into the alternate ending that we're going to talk about later. But at the end of the episode we're talking about this scene between Hawk and Cooper. Having a drink together at the Great Northern Hawks talking about like multiple spirits and all this stuff and you know, he's got this kind of connection and it immediately while they're talking and immediately cuts to Leyland who's dancing by himself like a big flashing neon Arrow. It does not a yeah, and again knowing what we know now about Leland and the spirits. It's like OK, they're sort of you know that connection there. He's Cleveland State. Yeah. Well and Leland's dancing and it's similar to even just The Man From Another Place dancing in the Red Room. They're sort of that dance. Seing connection there. Another thing that was really funny that Tyler said at the end of this. Maybe he'll die. Maybe he'll die in like this is a fan Theory. Yeah, maybe I'll die on some episodes that be great. That was ready to kill Leland off. I need a little less Leland a little more Diane and Teller Stan take this plays out very differently and his a you fanfic. Yeah. Yeah you wanted him to die from season one really get taller just wants the we went to killed. So Tyler you got your wish last episode. It's not how I wanted it to happen, but It was just a really it was just a really funny funny moment to look back on from our discussion to where we are now and I actually had some pretty spot-on predictions that that is hard to just be like actually you're right all the other one the other one that really made me laugh from our Season 1 recap was you were talking about Leland. We were talking about Leland and you were just like he just needs to get over. In the pilot when he finds out Laura's dead, I sympathize with him maybe for two episodes after that. Like I I get that it's only a week which I still disagree with but man up, you know, you got this other girl living with you looks just like her be Pals with her. I don't think it's about being pals with somebody. I think it's about the murder of your daughter effect. You on a deep and psychological level? I don't think he misses his pal so much. Oh you're so right. Yeah, go be Pals with her and Wheelin goes on to kill Maddie. Yeah, what the hell? So I was I was having to hold that back. It's just so funny because we couldn't say anything. I still stand by that. Why why not just be friends with her? I don't like there's no other way to say it like he became friends with her. No. No, he didn't he didn't he didn't ever not once. Oh, you got some coffee great. I mean, he's got some issues. I mean not anymore, but he has you had some issues. I'll bring it up now just through talking about Leland. We had made a post on our Instagram and I said it on Twitter if anybody had any questions or comments or feedback about the first Nine episodes of season two, we had actually a very interesting comment. This is actually the only comment. Oh one Honor on our don't you miss Rampage? We picked one out of 17 thousand comments and this that's true Peterson. You're absolutely right. And this is from Stephen Coughlin. I believe is a cartoonist because as user name is Steven underscore Coughlin underscore cartoonist. Shout out to him. He had a great comment that said I've always had a theory that the reason the sprinkler went off in the prison cell holding Leland was symbolism. He was acknowledging what he had done and his sins were being quote washed away. It's a Bible quote. I thought that was a teacher said all my sins is washed away. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. It's absolutely that's symbolism and it's not only a great way to make a really effective set piece. But you really kill two birds with one stone by having that having the symbolism there and making a rain scene Without Rain like right some of the some of the cool stuff that happens in movies for me are the scenes that happen in the rain. Well, you know dick tremayne made it rain. So I thought it was the other side of that Mike Mike set off e Ur, Bob set off the sprinklers. Because when he the whole oily Brimstone fiery kind of smell that happens when he's present like the heat right of that is what I I took as I like that sprinklers. I like that better. Yeah, like I wish we could have taken out the dict remain seeing with the cigarette and just had that be what it was. So true because that's that would just be one more of those little details. That would be so cool right there. Yeah. Yeah. No, I do like that that point I like that symbolism. I like I love a rain seen I love that. They made that happen and it worked for me. Yeah Theory works for me kept waiting for Spider-Man to come down and then Then Leland and Peter Parker would have their that's just one of them kiss. That's just one example of a great rain scene. Yeah, I do want to get a little bit into some some thoughts and feelings about super Nadine. Oh, yeah, so we saw in season one that there was a hint of eyepatch strength there Yeah, and then it's full-blown after she's gone into a coma and comes back out of it Yep. This is just a latent property of Nadine's. Yeah. She just is a superhero. Yeah. There was also a hint of the possible memory loss. But because we yes we talked about this in the rest in pain episode. There's a scene where she like comes up and she's like Ed I had so much fun with you last night because I question like did they sleep together or she talked about the drape Runners and Dave brings a and Day brings up like her she talking about something from a long time ago because she mentioned something like I know about you and Norma but you picked me or whatever and then James shows up on his bike and she's like, who's that right she Doesn't know who James with his he's like his chain. So there's this weird sort of almost. Yeah, there's a weird short of foreshadowing of the memory loss there in my opinion. I mean, maybe I'm reading that wrong but you're almost feel like there's something there's something there with that. Yeah, it shows that her memory is fragile, but it's not correlated to the strength because it's its present she is present when she loses her mind on Ed and breaks the thing, you know. You gonna do it Tyler? Yes, for those of you who do not know. What foreshadowing is it is when the sun is directly behind you and the shadow is in front. No, I want you to do your Nadine misread that one that you just had that in the pocket then like yes, I owned by the way, Tyler. I'd love an ad sound bite for when Edge shows up just anytime similar similar to the Donahue's of Mike and also so we're real quick with with even with Mike. There's a small moment at the beginning of that rest and pain episode. That we did work Tyler's like where's Mike and I'm like he shows up later in the funeral. You were already questioning Mike's absence in an episode that he was in that early on. Yeah like I don't I don't believe you. I swear it's really funny. So you were foreshadowing a future running gag on our program. Yes. I was in front of the Sun. But yeah, Nadine is strong, but why but why yeah, I'll tell you what it was really nice to see the softer side of Albert. This isn't agree. That's true. He's mellowed out. It was a nice layer to must have just gotten dumped or something. What are you arrived in twist? Something happened that made him really re-evaluate. Yeah his relationships with people his bird. Well after some people after after Cooper rejected rejected his complaint against Sheriff Truman. I think that made him re-evaluate thing. I doubt he went he went back to Philly and had some thoughts. And now he was the Sultan of sentiment As We Know. Sultan of Swat and to even okay. Yeah, even that that's from season one. This was touched on in season 1 in the morgue where he's talking about how sensitive he is. It's like I don't think you are. I don't believe you and then oh, right, okay. You actually meant all that and just continue to act what you did for whatever reason I guess to keep it professional profession. But the dude is a sweetheart an enigma and an enigma wrapped in a mystery. That's one thing. I've never want to be wrapped in plastic a mystery. Well, that's the show you wrapped up in got you wrapped in it are totally in it and he's stepping on the board three separate times Albert taking off his glasses three separate times not stepping on the board three separate times, but having his reaction shots, like every take that they filmed they used. It was so funny. I laughed too long and too hard at that scene and sure wasn't just like time repeating itself. No, nope. You're running out of time works in Twin B. We don't know tell her what something you loved about. S to e 1 through 9 Audrey. Yes. Yes, always yes know her whole Arc up until now has been fantastic. She played a very well. Like I loved Audrey's entire are kept at this point. I loved her getting involved at One-Eyed Jacks and she infiltrated the system. She did and took it. Art. Oh, yeah. She's like Veronica Mars 8.0. Optimized 9.0 up. I love the Audrey Horne Arc. I loved the mission to go save her from One-Eyed Jacks. I think that was one of my favorite bits of the entire season was just absolutely the rescue mission. It was fun to finally even just I mean seeing Cooper and action was fun rather than just being playing the detective. He was, you know, taking people down you'd seeing Harry just That guy's life when they got in the front door. Yeah. Yeah, that's gonna say well that's going to stay with that guy. Oh, yeah and seeing Hawks or not - someone's back was also badass. It's finally nice to see him get rid of him or a Banos. Oh, yeah, and as a part of that story line, yeah, that was an unexpected. Certainly An Unexpected death came out of nowhere. Well, I guess you'd say that for most of them, but I mean, that one was just your in the scene watching and he just gets shot. What's up? The most out of nowhere death. I have my answer. My most out of nowhere is probably Harold same I was going to say Martin Short like yeah like yeah sure I get it that his His sanctum was violated and you know, he he was betrayed and had all this obvious pent-up rage and all these issues to deal with but I didn't I didn't think any of them were on that level like Hawk walks in and finds him hanging and it's just like wow, that's that's definitely one of the craziest visuals of the Season. It is a striking visual. So here's my question. And looking back at this do we ever see Harold's face? Not in the episode now now is this an actor just kind of hanging down could become a harness or is it just a Harold Smith dummy that they threw noose around? Let's see it very well could be there's no way I brought him in for that Korea set decorator that they don't like you're about the same build. Here jumping this harness real quick there for a second. It was probably a handy since he wasn't in the scene because you gonna cry they probably just like Andy get up there goody. He gets up there. We also yeah about that. I won't talk about the height of the body. He's there's no way this is on a soundstage 100% because that money is too high up to attach to anything. If he's dead it's because he jumped up and hit his head through the ceiling. He didn't hang himself was they're not like like light coming in for his plants like for I just always assumed that the O's like a little Greenhouse or something that you don't require much light flash novel are we not sure that mr. Tremont and her grandson didn't use some sort of magic to get him up that high. Are they just floating him up there? Because you know my theory on it. I think they had something to do with that. I don't think he killed himself. I think it was the plants. I think they turned on him made me Harold. That's our little shop reference for this episode every cat gets one freed me. So that's that's my most out of nowhere death and mine. What was your first Patrick? I would say probably probably Maddie. I don't know. I just thought she was gonna go back home to her invisible parents. That's true. Are we going to see her parents? Are they going to come down? Because undoubtedly this this funeral is going to take place in Twin Peaks. For some reason. Maybe we'll meet Beth one day and whoever her father's name Chuck. Yeah. So about Maddie leaving and going home. She It she did just show up and start staying with her aunt and uncle who didn't invite her and overstayed her welcome. Like what is she doing here? Why is she still here? She came in for the funeral and stayed for like a week. Yes. She just got caught up in the stuff with James and Donna that that's what kept her there, but you could have just left though. She could just gone. Yeah. No, I don't need him gone. She does lean that to James in that nice seen that you liked Dave. She was just like I guess I felt like, you know being Laura. Yeah, that was a nice scene and I enjoyed it. The thing is she told him she told him she was leaving and then just puts it off until she gets herself killed right like she comes in this morning and has her coffee. Oh, you got some coffee great. It's between them all awkwardly close as like I'm going home. She didn't hold. Yeah. She wasted a whole day there like I'm going to Missoula. How long is that couch? That's it. It's space enough for three people a cup of coffee on the saucer and then some and a pillow and then it just keeps going off screen. I'm just saying she should have finished her coffee packed her bag and gotten out. She never should have come in the first place. Well come down for the funeral sure, but don't stay her parents didn't even come. They're not that close. Send a letter. Sorry, I couldn't be there. Sorry your daughter's dead sympathy card suck it. Yours Truly Maddie suck it. Sorry your daughter died. There's a there's a reason that they're not close and it's some way back family drama that is still weighing heavy between the two families. There was a Thanksgiving there was one deviled egg left. Yeah Raven got in there and it was just an old Raven Raven Ferguson, Grandpa Raven Ferguson. I have that deviled egg is this thing on is this thing on? All right real quick. Let's talk about our favorite scenes from the first half of season 2. I've told you guys mine. Mine is the events that happen at the roadhouse at the end of lonely Souls when Cooper sees the giant again and the giant says it is happening again. Like I said before that's Twin Peaks to me that whole scene. It's Goosebumps. I like the Audrey exchange when When she's been rescued and she's talking to Benjamin Horne and she's like, yeah, that was great laying it down. Like hmm. I know what you got going on. Yeah, and you sucks Flex. I'm ashamed to be your daughter and Cut me in or ship up or shape up. Yeah, so that's that's that's probably one of my favorite moments outside of just Leland in the in the last three episodes. Yeah, because that's just some some damn fine acting. Yes. Yeah, it's great Ray Wise man. My favorite scene is me. Ozzy dotes know the Great Northern boats and Ben and Jerry are just here for it and start dancing around the room. Jerry's doing the worm. It's incredible. It is an incredible scene. Okay, speaking of fantastic songs, Julie Crews at the end of the season. Is just a gem and a treat a huge step up. Yeah, the her career came a long way. I mean, they're like I said the world it's I mean it's mainly because of the world spins being the soundtrack to that scene. That's a big part of why I get goosebumps. I mean any time I hear that song come on. I'm immediately like I am in this mood now in this Twin Peaks is own it takes you there, but we'll talk about our favorite new characters this season. We've been introduced to a lot. Yeah, we realize what happens when Twin Peaks a lot of character get introduced. I mean Dave you can speak to this a lot. We're about to get in a whole nother character dumped once we once we go, yeah. Yeah, we are. All right. We're going to start off with none other than Gordon Cole. He's the first one on my list here. Great Pay Dirt Pay Dirt. Here's the one arm right now. Oh gosh. So many good love it. Well, I love it too because you get you suddenly get this character who it fits so perfectly into the World of Twin Peaks. He's got this sort of unique cork. He's you know, he can't hear he speaks loudly he's got these really old devices to help him here. So all of that is fascinating in itself, but then on top of it, it's David Lynch, which makes it what that much better. I had no idea that was another one of my favorite genuine reactions to when you when we were bringing That when we were introduced to Gordon Cole the first time and you were just like that David lunch. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. I feel like if you had never seen David Lynch before and you have only watched the show knowing that his name was the guy one of the two guys that came up with it. Then you see that guy you assume that's one of the two. Yeah. I don't know what it is about his lines or his presence, but this guy shows up here like this guys on the staff. This guy is involved in the production. Definitely. Is Marvin hottest ever he was he was already it was brief. It was a he was a news reporter. I think in the first episode it was on the TV in the hospital. Yeah 0 ponds. I believe was his yeah. Yeah. So Cyril ponds favorite new character just wouldn't be of all time. He's talking about quite forgiving in this in the Seanie. I believe he's beliefs talking about the mill fire. Yes. Yeah, that sounds very familiar. Yes Harold Smith. I think legitimately Harold Smith works for the world of the series. He's super weird. He's super creepy keeps himself. You looking for secrets. That's my whole thing about the character is I feel like it could have been handled so much better like what they made him about like the whole living novel thing and grew up in books. Yeah. Just some of grew up in Boston. I will actually I grew up in books. I changed my mind. Well, I also feel like there's not a ton to do with that character at kind of serve the purpose it needed to get the secret - oh, yeah, I mean after after they he catches them like there's no need for them to ever go back there that that is an isolated location. Yeah, nothing happens there except the diary stuff except for I mean, they'll be back for creamed corn. Tuesday's judge Stern. Would I really love judge sir? But I like that we have one more character who speaks as though they are in touch with the Spooky's around the joint. I'm always about that and I like him but the spooky Yogi's the giant I don't really know yet still undecided a giant Jack the Giant as we called him at one point you show up. Yeah, just tell me stuff. I will tell you three things. Oh and also this other thing well, you say that, you know, come on Gonna Save like five people's lives out with it senior Drew cup aka the waiter. I give him one thumbs up. I love the waiter. I was just happy that he showed up again because he was just something he was one of those that you just thought that he could have easily just been one and done. That was the scene. You got that long scene with him. No reason for him to ever come back around. I love that he does because you know, you do make that connection. About him in the giant, but you're also just not thinking about him. So him appearing to me was a wonderful sight. Why is he in his waiter? It's just how he shows up man. Is he also a waiter at the roadhouse? This guy just a waiter. Sorry where he's just on his break. And that one. Well one Zine that is his credit. He this is character name is the waiter not abundant all not senior doesn't get a waiter / senior drill cup is just what Albert called him. He's the only employee. I see at the Great Northern wearing a cummerbund or am I crazy? He's high class. There's no way to lose wearing a cummerbund when he shows up as the waiter. He's dressed. extremely similarly to Cooper Yeah. Yeah, which makes me wonder had Cooper been shot wearing something else because that how jammies yeah, if he'd been in his Japanese Hurley what this guy had would this guy showed up in the Jimmy's that would have been fun vineet. I thought you were going to say what kind of what Tyler said because Tyler had a theory that he thought it was Cooper when he was older. Hmm. I forgot about that. Yeah, you did say yeah. I was dumb house done. That's a dumb song Tyler. I have them I have been while we're at the Great Northern. How about Louis Bud way? Oh, yeah, very enthusiastic. I I think I just assumed that they didn't have a last name. This building is Louis. I didn't know the character was even attributed a last name. Oh, there's more there's more than that. Actually it Louis Birdsong Bud way know what? Birdsong correct like as a nickname or as their Christian middle name as a nickname is in quotations. Okay, Louis Birdsong Bud way, why bother why why bother with that information? Yeah, just use Raven Raven Jackson Ravens and quotation, but Louis Birdsong Bud way is how her name is in the credits. So that's just something you're going to have to come up with a back story on. Yourself what you got? Let's talk about Jonathan Lee. No, the only thing I like about Jonathan was him just showing up at the Double our while it was closed heating up as the warning shot. I feel like I needed or I guess there was a conversation with Josie and he said I'll did he say I would take care of Hank or yeah, I think so. I think it's like Hank won't be an issue because the way I remember in my head is like Josie says I still Of to deal with Hank and then it just cut still like my whole thing about that scene is that I don't I do not believe in my heart of hearts that Hank has any idea why this is happening. Like this is only effective if he understands what made it happen. Yeah, right next time. I'll take your head off. Why did you do this? Miss Mystery Monde and her grandson. So okay. I've seen the rest of season 2 and I don't understand what their role. Well anything for Tyler I'm not spoiling anything. I'm saying - I'm saying having seen to the end of season two. I don't understand what their role is. They raised a lot of questions. And so I appreciate that. I appreciate that. They keep me guessing and keep me theorizing Jean Renault. So Jean ratios of interest of the room. Those are by far. I feel like the more power you have in the Renault family line the French You are well. I hope they have an older brother. You can't even understand. He's just like farmer Brandon Browner boy. Anything else. I'm Jean. Where is he? Where did he take hankies at One-Eyed Jacks. Is he still he's still up there with Hank Hanks back on the scene. But his time between is getting hot outside of One-Eyed Jacks and showing back up at the Double R is a mystery. It's questionable dick Tremaine. That's the one that's completely out of nowhere character just an over-the-top sucker. He's like somebody that you just pointed into the costume room and said go pick a character dress yourself and we'll just shoehorn you in he walked into wardrobe and just like well, I'm gonna look fancy as hell. Was that covid? Oh smoking jacket. Yes, I've heard about these. Oh man. That's all I got four new characters. There's they're still loose and there's a lot to cover the fact that this Windom Earle gets brought up. Yeah just doesn't name-drop. Just kind of I have nothing tied to that. Yeah, it he's just name-dropped you get the the paper with the chess move. Yeah, they've named dropped Windom Earle several times. Just keep it sort of there but not enough to to keep in In My Memory. No, and I mean I don't I mean had you had we know how him you know him sing after seeing all of season two, right? But from there from the perspective of a first-time viewer. Getting to this point in the season for me. It's a better thing on a re-watch because then it's like oh they name they said this that's early, huh. That's interesting. Right? Yeah, but first time viewing it's meaningless, but on a re-watch it rewards you like. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah, that's my issue is like had we not sat down and had conversations about each episode and every thought every detail of each episode. I would have completely forgotten that this was even mentioned. Because it's so passing and I agree that it's only dropped so that there's something to follow up with after the middle of the Season or not. Even we're not even halfway through. No, we're not this season compared to the first season this so long. Yes. Oh and to have this big reveal at episode 9. Where do you go from there? If not for something that you've already mentioned that you need to follow up with. So I feel like he and the Vivian or anything. Get dropped in so that there's something to look at after the killer reveal and after Leland's death and it just it sets up a lot of expectation because like if this is over if we've solved the murder of Laura Palmer, what are we supposed to do for the next 13 episodes that still feels like this show is also an interesting parallel to me. It's we're like yes Laura was Missing in a way from the season 1 up to now and then she's completely missing from the story and the last half like reeling like now she's actually gone. Yeah now we still get we still have Red Room Laura. She's out there. Yes, we do still have red Remora Red Room Laura. I need to know so much more about Mike and Bob. Yeah, there is I need to know a lot are to a 12-hour docu-series on. their beginnings and how everything I actually wanted to talk about this concerning. You looks like I'm no I'm so happy that that is something that you brought up because when we first started doing this thing when we first started getting into the Red Room when we first started having like weird Spirit stuff mmm, no investment from you. Okay, you did not want it. It scared me. My stomach dropped when he said that that was not what you were here for and then we had something like that. Relation at the end of arbitrary law where we're discussing like how Leland was susceptible to possession. We talked about spirituality and stuff like that and I was loving it. I want to see where your head's at. As far as like, are you cool with getting more weird stuff like that going forward awesome, but that means it won't happen. That means it's done. We know Bob is dead. No, we should we got Tyler. We got the shot of Bob going through the woods what we assumed do we know that was Bob. Well, that's what we said before is I think I said, I think that's Bob because they me and they're talking about it and we see it going through. I think you agreed with me, but I don't maybe Bob is just the evil that men do yeah. Yeah, right. So, who knows? I like to think that he's still out there in the woods waiting. Like Albert said to take his next bite, you know, who's it going to be stopped? Right now he's just on his on a tree branch somewhere. It's gonna be and eating Tootsie. Pops. Got to be an insane about Andy. Oh, yeah for me like my first watch through season 2 after the Killer's revealed and Leland eyes. I saw that there was still so much season 2 left. What are we going to do this this what do you do could have been series finale easily he's easily and I think it should have been. That's where I'm sitting. Are you are you late should have it should have times dropping our daughters. Like that's good. That's my season This Is Where I Leave You it's where I recuse myself like old girl. Welcome back to talking backwards where me and my friend Patrick tricked a third friend into watching this shit. They're all caught up now and they're also very there is more cool stuff to find out if you can do it sit through some some dumb. Yes, there's some uninteresting plot points coming does pick itself back up at the very end. I think but there is some stuff that I really really enjoy and I think that season 2 gets gets a bad rap and maybe rightfully so I don't know it's but from my opinion there's a lot of stuff that I actually really enjoy, you know, if it didn't exist. Yes, it would be tough to get through some of them but there's a lot that I'm looking forward to discussing with you guys going forward overall where we are in season two I I absolutely feel like where it where we've cut off at episode 9 should have been a finale of sorts either the season 2 finale and make it as long as season one and drop a new mystery for season three two jump into I would never would have got picked up but it it doesn't do that. It doesn't it doesn't give you something that's like and this is obviously where we're going from here now. Yeah, it ends. Like this this ends this Arc it's true and they kind of put all their other deviled eggs in that basket. Yeah, we're playing you imagine like you're the best kind of devil in Cloud. I want that so bad right now, I'd Waller and it has got ways to go. We've got miles to go. Yes, we had a lot of thoughts about season 2, but in are watching we also got a little taste of The pilot again Revisited that and we got the international version that ends a little bit differently and what we got here in the states. It's something despite just being an extension of the pilot that we know and love it almost feels like its own little thing at the end cuz otherwise other than the Red Room stuff having some familiar music. I don't even know if there's much of a score at all. It's pretty quiet. It's just dialogue even when you're hearing like Leland on the phone when he's calling Lucy. It's all just very just no music my general feelings about it was watching it and as it started to diverge from the state's pilot. It just felt like they had that much then just like gave it to somebody's nephew to finish from what I gather to was that sort of doing some research about why this exists and why does it exist the pilot was made separately from everything else from season one. There were some time in between when they were picked up from ABC as usual and ABC gave them apparently 1.6 million dollars to make this especially because it was filmed, you know, like a movie. But they really wanted them to film it with an ending in case it was just aired as a Sunday night movie but instead they picked it up for a full series and instead they stuck that ending on to sell to Europe as a standalone movie stuck on is a great way to put that yeah. So, I mean this is called. I mean it's definitely called an Internet. It's the international pilot ending. I've heard it being been referred to as the alternate ending to the pilot. It's even Even if seen it read as just sort of an alternate Dimension sort of, you know to know that I can't buy into that their stuff there's stuff I enjoy about it. There's stuff that I don't like about it. I mean, yes, it is very different and at times confusing but Cooper in the beginning of the rest in pain episode when he's talking to Harry and Lucy he's talking about the dream he had the night before he mentions that Mike Shot Bob. He mentions that Lucy was there in the dream. He mentions the Harry was there in the dream. He literally is mentioning everything that we've seen even though those things weren't shown in the dream sequence at the end of that episode prior, right? So imagine I mean, I wish you'd just been like Andy was there blowing a trumpet and he doesn't doesn't say that and I think I brought that up to and he was just talking about all these details that we didn't see. Yes you do and bring it up when we originally talked about it. That's why I went back and listened to rest and pain. Because I wanted to hear what we said about him mentioning these things we didn't see and so it was as wacky for me watching that International pilot seems like Cooper talks about all this stuff. Yeah, but we but it's not a show not see this. Yeah. Yeah to the viewer. Yeah. They also just took bits and pieces of that ending and used it in season one. Yeah, it's like may also don't show the in that dream sequence while they show most pretty much the Red Room stuff. To my knowledge stays pretty much exactly the same other than they don't show the title. There's a title card that comes up at the beginning that says 25 years later Cooper says it was 25 years later in the next episode. Yeah. So there's that reference to that even though we're not shown that that's so it's especially weird because it's as though like you're saying about it being an alternate Dimension. It's like both of these things do exist. Like it like that is Cannon almost right? But we're just getting another side of the mirror watching our season 1 just that the whole thing. It just it hits a point where it's just like boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Let's wrap this up just comes in. Like I know who the Killer is. He's in the basement, right and sure enough. He's just down there doing his monologue with his circle of candles it runs like we got you your cut is like I'll get you in my death. Bag like hell that's the thing too though. It's like you don't see Bob for the whole pilot until you see the small side of him in the mirror if you even catch that, but then they do cut in that shot of him like peering at the foot of the bed. Yeah. It's a different one than the one we know. Yes from in the series. They you actually see the bed and right like you get the whole context of it, but you've never seen this guy. He's just suddenly there. You don't know this man, right? I know him looks like somebody doesn't he kind of looks like somebody doesn't he? Yeah, it gets so quiet you get that you get that shot of Andy and Lucy just hanging out and he's playing the trumpet. She's got the little like paddleboard ball and it's like Little House on the Prairie living room. They're about to go to bed. Yeah. She says that on the phone. Yeah, just about to go to bed and he's playing his trumpet which at one point does not have a mouthpiece. Yeah, he's got this like flannel sort of shirt with these like boots on one leg as seen one leg is covered up with like a pant leg its are being bizarre. But also what I do, so, I will talk about what I do love about this. I actually love Lucy in this it's It's classic Lucy. I mean the voice of you've kind of known to love making these calls going back and forth It's I do love that it goes and it goes on and on and on are there any extra call transfers in the internationally, there are approximately two and a half more. Yeah in the international down 20% more bone transfers. I do like that. They reuse Mike's speech poem because I think he's so good in that scene. I will say I like him a lot more than I like. What Bob says I like Bob more when I'm not hearing him say a lot of words when he's not using nonsense words to make it rhyme with death bag, right everything. He said up until death panels. All right. This guy's Skies devious. They said yeah death bag get you in my bed. Just lost all credibility. So Leland calls Lucy. She's trying to get he's trying to get a hold of sheriff Truman because he says that Sarah Palmer had a vision. She's had two visions. And someone suggest getting Hawk to draw a sketch of bomb and we get two sketches get the one that we kind of know and love in the series but there's also a first sketch Dave. Can you describe this for me? Because I certainly cannot it's so this is this little Portly dude who's the head size is like half of what the drawing of bobblehead it is like a doll head that somebody put little circular glasses on and a like u-shaped hairline. So my theory a balding baby doll, so even though we didn't see it. I really do feel like maybe Sarah also saw this man to play into the fact that she had two visions. So Haka made to drill has just his practice catch drawings. Hold on. I want to make sure it's still got the touch. Well, yeah first practice round. I know you kind of went through it sort of quickly, but the when Bob's down there, you know Sheriff Truman's kind of got him at gunpoint and Bob says he will kill again Coop walks in with Truman and Truman's got him at gunpoint and two seconds later Mike burst through the door and says wow that's like hell shoots him dead and then proceeds to also die okay so I've been thinking about this and I think in this alternate universe that these two Spirits are connected right that's what I was going to say is they were point this one guys they both died yeah Mike was just dumb enough to kill You got a nickel? Hi, so you got a nickel? Why does he need a nickel? That's my favorite part maybe in the lore of Twin Peaks and nickel would have saved his life in that moment, and he wouldn't have died. But like just put it in his mouth and so he goes down make a wish and then the candles go out. Yeah, that's weird. I want a continuation of this storyline instead Tyler. You're getting 25 years Another We're in the Red Room in the Red Room. And then that's just the there's nothing different about the same. Yeah, there might be a few different belts maybe a few things extended, but for the mean there's not like there's any new lines. Anything? Yeah, so I did a poll on our Twitter earlier asking people what they thought about the international pilot ending whether they liked it or whether they didn't why or why not so the final results were 65 percent said they liked it twenty percent said no and 15% said in different. Let me tell you some of the reasons why and then we'll go into our thoughts long time peaks fans said, of course the gave birth to the Red Room David McNeil At sneaky make Dave that I like it. The one-armed man speech is brilliant guy. Dudeman said it's more Twin Peaks. It's more Andy and Lucy. We see coops full dream. The one-armed man's full poem more Lynch and Sanity. I always watch the international pilot ending in place of the dream scene in episode 2. I love it who's up for the contraction Lynch sanity. Well, usually the term that's used describing anything. That looks like David Lynch is Lynch Ian. I don't know if that's in the dictionary. But that's too formal closer to lovecraftian. That's how Harold Smith died. Gary Carter said the extended ending is just the full version of Cooper's dream and episode 2 episode 3. He says Andy and Lucy were in the dream, but they weren't seen in it. The original TV pilot is the one for me. The other one doesn't make much sense with the TV show. And then the last one we got here is Mikey B. It's a new Theory Assa tea and worth watching plus retro. It is a neat one curiosity and it's why do people care about the it's a big deal. I do not sir. It's just like yeah, it's just like Windom Earle right now. He doesn't care Windham. Ooh empty. The international pilot is is a curiosity that I feel like it the bits of it that were brought up. Later as though it happened could have been pulled and chopped in and made to make sense in the actual Season One Pilot. You could have made that work instead of just talking about things that we never saw. I think winter and Frost also wanted to keep the pilot the way they originally wrote it without ending that ABC made them do brother that was a time crunch or not. I don't know but David Lynch what I had always read was that he loved the way the Red Room stuff came about and he also loved of course putting Bob in there and Mike he just had to use it in an episode the choice of not putting in Andy and Lucy's stuff and all that and then and then maybe like that wasn't her choice and then mentioning it in the next episode like having Hooper Loosely mention it and mentioning the shooting part. I obviously yes. I mean, it doesn't make sense of your because you haven't seen it. I kind of like it as it is this Easter deviled egg. So those to know about the international pilot he gets it you know because now when you go back and see that that's your anytime you see that scene you're going to be able to think of these things deviled eggs I think of deviled eggs so for me personally I'm indifferent on it because I do there is stuff that I like about it and there's nothing I don't like about it I was going to point out real real quick that the first sketch of Bob looks very much like Toby Jones at the actor Toby Jones as he appears in the Captain America Winter Soldier yes thank you I could not but I couldn't figure out what he is from and I guess also the first Captain America to but Dave did you like the international pilot ending? Yes or no or no? I do not like that ending. I like all the elements that it includes but that is still in the pilot. We still see these things but just not to this extent and not with this completely out of nowhere ending. There's like oh there's the killer. Okay? Okay, okay. It yeah. Yeah, it's a bad ending to that episode, but I don't think that without that. Content that it would improve or lessen the show if we just acted like it didn't happen because not even knowing that it happened. I didn't have that many more questions that I needed answers for that after I saw this is like, oh it all makes sense now, no. No, we we still got the Red Room. We still got enough information. Like I just assumed that Cooper saw more in his dream then we got to see because it was his dream. And so we got what we could understand from it. That's Just what I took from that and that's fine. I don't need the international pilot ending to complete my universe. Like it doesn't give us the Red Room. We still get the Red Room, right? I understand its value for what it is. I just think there's a cleaner way to incorporate. What we could take from that without ending as a movie and just doing the show. Could you imagine having watched this live? And then and then it just ends on that red room. Yeah, then you never get anything else. That's David line as long as you live. I think it's great you better get super entertaining having seen past the pilot I super appreciate it because of how ridiculous it is see that's right that's right that's where I am so I'm so much fun I'm basically such a perfect mix of you to wear I agree with Dave Point Dave's points but it's so almost a so bad it's it's good in my home yeah it's one of those whereas the like hell it's ruined it's just it's it's super interesting Painting for sure, but but yes, but yes, like overall it is it is pretty meaningless in the long run. I said it already it's an Easter egg for the hardcore fans and a what a deviled egg for the hardcore. Thank you. I'm not going to replace the pilot with that. Absolutely not if I'm doing a watch through the pilot, it's perfect. It's not worth doing that. But I appreciate it for what? What it is and I can let it exists in its own space. It's something that I will revisit from time to time when either I want to see Andy playing the trumpet or I want to see Mike yelling like hell so Dave if you had to rate these first Nine episodes 1 to 5 deviled eggs. How many deviled eggs would you give it the first Nine episodes? Yeah, four-and-a-half deviled eggs. Okay. Yeah. it's it's enough to be an appetizer and I didn't overeat and there's still room for my lunch okay my lunch lunch hmm what about you Patrick it's a hundred percent five deviled eggs I love deviled egg first Nine episodes of season two as a whole I'll give you four and a half just because I'm eating half of one no I think it's been a really fun first half of the Season we've had a good time watching and re-watching And discussing we had some cool stuff happen to us too we got to do a contest we did it way a lot of fun with that yeah I'm still enjoying my mint plus plus pins yeah yeah still waiting to hear about the Twin Peaks board game so I know somebody out there is holding out on me somebody's got a hot lead on this game listen we want to play the game I promise to think about maybe giving it back to you I do still have a little something in my back pocket that we're going to do for a super special episode keep your ears and eyeballs out for that there's more to come folks we're not done yeah we got ways to go but we're going to get there and we hope that you're going to join us as always we would appreciate any feedback that you might have you know what email us straight up email us at talking backwards POD at gmail.com you can also hit us up on Twitter at Takin backward look at us look at us look at us on Instagram talking backwards pod on Instagram Tyler you can hit me up at the egg devil ER on Twitter and Instagram, I need to get the handle right now get it before it's gone. Anchor anchor dot f m / talking backwards. Yeah. Thanks so much for listening. We really enjoy that we have not noticed that we get plays as soon as episodes go live. I'm so glad that there are folks that are waiting for these two are your apprecia. We hope you're enjoying it. We super appreciate you. We would really have zero reason to do this if people Weren't listening. So it's it's still fun for us. We hope it's so fun for you. Come along as we finish up the second half of the season. It's going to be great. deviled eggs