What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. and now anchor they can match you with some great sponsors, man. Great sponsors, and they're going to be willing to advertise on your podcast best if you make it dope get some sponsors left and right man. You know, then you can get paid right away, you know, you don't have to build up a certain amount you get paid right away. As a matter of fact, that's what I'm doing right now is, you know, don't tell nobody though, you know. And I know you got it in you to make your own podcast. I see you you got it in you all you got to do is download the app or go to Anchor FM / start. You can join me everybody in the anchor Community man. We put out killer podcast go check them out and go check mine out. It might have Manson available every Monday. sometimes I wonder if he's just encouraging me because you know It'll make me happy or because he wants me to carry on his legacy, you know. But my fucking mind Yeti. Yes W I don't need your friends to tell me what to do anymore. No, I'm not being disrespectful. I'm just saying that I can handle my own shit. All right, I mean, I don't need them to tell me how to do what I have to do the other dude. Yeah. Well, you know what? Yeah. Well, fuck you dad. Fuck you. You guys are awesome sir. You are awesome Susan. Is the be honest after all the shit that we've been through. I don't I don't know if we can trust our government anymore trash the government heck. I'm and the government. I don't even trusted. You don't have to believe in your government to be a good American just have to believe in your country exactly. Exactly, right. I was just going to shit in it. What's up, everybody? What's good? What's good? Welcome back. Welcome back. That's the torch in the background. You know how we starting now. I'm starting off on the right track ladies and gentlemen boys and girls welcome back to another episode of the mind of man some podcast. Anchor makes it all happen. Shout out to you guys. What are you guys listening from? Let me know you guys listening on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast Stitcher radio. Pocket Casts where you guys from I know where you guys are from shout out to all my people listening all over the world. I say the same shit every week, but how can I not how can I not what's up everybody? Everybody all over America everybody all over the world listening. That's right. I said well because we were a wider business. We worldwide up in this podcast ladies and gentlemen shit. So tell me about your day. How was your guys's day going? Is it good is your day good. Mine was good. Didn't do shit. Just kick back. Right now I'm about to do some dams. Congratulations to Russ on selling at Red Rocks. It's going to be an amazing show and me if you didn't get tickets you missed out I missed out. But Russia is definitely going to put on one hell of a fucking show. I could already tell that there's a lot of dope. She's going to Denver and met Luke Combs is going to fuck you in Colorado Springs and I think March or April will shit. It's March already, March 2nd. son of a bitch Where did the time go sorry for the cough? I'm a headphone business on my headphones listening listening in class listening at the gym working out listening at work listening on the drive. Wherever you listening to this right now shut up to you give yourself a pat on the back because use a cool motherfucker. I don't care what anybody else says you fucking pretty cool in my book young commands and said so and they got a fucking problem just to say hey Uncle Master said, I'm cool as fuck and kiss my ass. You guys hit it. Either going on in the back the heat in the back. Says it's 27 outside. That's not too bad. That's cool. That's not 27 scope, but that's not cold. You know what I mean? We we we used to like fucking 12 and like 5 and 7 degrees and shit, you know what I'm saying? So, you know all you people out there where it's warm and you spoiled keep it to your spoiled self because 27 is feels nice outside feels nice outside. It's nice outside. It is nice outside. Yep. Well, that's the podcast. I don't really have anything else to talk about this week. Thanks for listening and good night. I got to go. I got it, so I have to go more. He goes hard. You know, he does you know, he does man. On my wrestling fans out there. You have a new a new aew world champion in charnot's the he be Chris Jericho to shout out to him. Shout out to Tony Romo. I heard that motherfuckers getting 14 million dollars a year to be a sports analyst commentator these for ABC. That's some big shit. Congratulations you master Can do it on the field so you got to do it in the fuckin Booth. But either way that's some serious dough ski right there. That's some serious girl right there. So what did you guys do today? Tell me about your routine. You guys still get up and just smoke weed and not do shit, or do you guys at least have a routine? A lot of you guys that listen to this? Don't don't smoke and that's cool, but you guys are some heavy drinkers. I hope Yep. I heard you guys a real heavy drinkers. And for those of you who don't drink I heard you guys have I'm just kidding. I'm just I'm just messing around with you. I'm just messing around. That's what's cool about the internet, you know, I could broadcast broadcast my thoughts and as my thoughts get broadcasted to the masses. I don't know. I just took a dab and just whatever is coming out. My mouth is just coming out in the know, you know, such as you know curse words curse words come out my mouth. Whoo. Whoo. Whoo? I wonder if that's a young trippy trippy back in the day. the remaining members of the Kottonmouth Kings Head PE big being Whitney Peyton saw photos on Instagram every show is packed up at Alice pack house and congratulations to Y be in court day for selling out every single show on his first headlining tour, but I think it was called The Lost Boys tour. Yeah genius shit right there genius genius shit. Hey guys. I got a new music coming out. April hey, that's next month. You guys ready? Yeah, I got a new EP coming out. It's called the small town burnout. It's six songs some of the best work. I've put out and if you guys know me and know my music. I guess you could say this is David making music through Manson. I've always had like this. revolutionary Warrior fucking mentality as a milion a Manson and I stepped out of that comfort zone and wrote some pretty cool shit. So I hope you guys like it. You know, I will be releasing the first single here soon from all major streaming platform. So it's going to be pretty dope. I'm excited about it been writing this type of shit for quite a long time. And I'm ready to share it with you crazy bastards, so. And be on the lookout for that. I'm excited right there. And I mean like I said between writing music and handling the business side of that and this podcast. It gets tiring, but I do it for you guys because your uncle Manson love you crazy bastard. That's why we show up every week and have this conversation. You guys know the deal every Monday on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast Stitcher radio, you know, wherever you get your podcast you'll find us you will find us. Special guest the last two episodes from the dispensary that I used to work at. They came through and did a podcast and he just sat around the chef to shit and bullshit and we ended up getting pulled over and I ended up getting the getting audio of it. So go back and listen, so just need jelly roll is fucking amazing, by the way. Jelly, roll technine and Chris Calico. It's amazing. I dig it. I really dig it. I really really really think it there. The song so sick. I think they're going on tour together jelly roll and TEC-9. That's going to be X. That's a sick lineup. Actually, I think see that's another list to add to the dope fucking concerts that are coming Def Leppard and Motley Crue were touring Kenny Chesney in Florida, Georgia line ettore. So many more I heard me Hempfest was coming back. Do you guys remember that was the shit back then man? I went to the very first one at least I could say I was there. I was there now Mayhem Festival. First one is legendary two Headliners were Slipknot and Disturbed. Who is the main bands slip knot disturb know the name bands was? Mastodon DragonForce Disturbed and then slip knot I was a sick line up. And that's when Five Finger Death Punch was on the small stage. They had just came out with the bleeding and now look at him now. They actually got a dope-ass new album out. Lot of masonic symbolism in it that I do agree with but five finger death punch his fucking one of those bands. It's been through hell and back. So it's good to see him still around speaking of still around. Hope you guys are still around after we pay some bills. So we'll be right back and shit. I can hear him Rumble around the demons screaming. distance creates thank you for listening to the mind of Manson. You can catch new episodes every Monday, wherever you get your podcast. You can find us on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast Stitcher radio clock and cast and many more anchor makes it all happen. Be sure to follow me on Instagram at Manson ate 3:05. That's M ANS. Yn8 3:05. That's where you can find all the updates on the music. And all the updates on the podcast make sure you stream my new album Redrum by me Emiliano Manson on Spotify Apple music Google play Amazon. I Heart Radio, you know, wherever you get your music. That's Emi lli ano. Maaaaan Sy n you don't have to spell it out for you guys. Appreciate y'all. Sorry. Pardon me? Pardon me? But you guys like that you guys like that proper shit he has bet that's the house that proper shit right there, huh? Yeah, you guys like that? Disgusting disgusting fucking disgusting disgusted by myself disgusted by myself by myself, and I'm disgusting disgusting body. That's pretty dope. I dig it. I dig it a lot. Hip-hop Legend. I put a little ride in my top 10 MCS for sure. For me label that you kind of rapper. My brother's got some bars. Yep. blue steel a huh Oh, yeah. Nothing like a little Stevie Ray Vaughan. You don't hear the torch in a minute. I used to I used to not pay attention and put the torch by the microphone. And then I realize you can hear it on the fucking microphone so that I kind of have it away from the microphone. These dads are my pride and joy. youngest listening to this podcast you guys hear this the sound of these lyrics That's true players shit. This is true rock star shit. You have an exam. You don't need to have a man. excuse the language I come over here doing these dads and shit. You know what? I mean? That's why I'm doing these dad. But I'm doing dad's in Arizona because I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for what's about to go on and his podcast? Because you guys know. But when I checked myself out, it's one it's entertaining but it's not good for my mental health. So fuck you guys for entertaining you yeah. Yeah. cea yeah, yeah fucker. Yeah. I guess what we're going to do is before we get into it. play a little play a little bit of Play we got to play something that's going to work. What are we going to play? He's your son too? I don't know. I'm starting to want to hear something else, too. I'm sorry. Fuck it. It's going to be this one. Yes. Little little little King George Strait to come the nerve and I'm saying got to calm the nerves. You start out loving me. Ladies and gentlemen boys and girls we are going to serious right now. We're going to talk about The Disappearance of Gannon stotch. food Israel innocent little 11 year old boy out of Colorado Springs who went missing back in January and still has not been found and I've been wanting to do a podcast on this subject. but I've been putting it off and putting it off and then I mentioned in last week's episode that we're going to talk about it, which is weird because I never ever ever ever. ever ever ever give you guys a spoiler of next week unless I have a special guest that's coming through something. So this was really rude and as I'm recording this today his stepmom, but I will get into all that has been arrested for suspicion of murder. So Looks like this King George right out and we'll dive into diving to the job tragedy. Oh. I should have got another can sparkling water. sparkling water Did you stop? Loving me. Okay, okay. Okay doing it doing it. Sorry, it's quiet. Sorry, it's quiet. Sorry, it's quiet. Trying to get ready for this. Again and starts an 11 year old boy from Colorado was reported missing Clues have been sparse with authorities keeping tight-lipped about the investigation and with so few answers in rumors. Questions about Gannon stepmother came so persistent that she responded twice ganon's biological mother and father offered their own joint statement tearful plea with anyone information regarding the disappearance. So right away, we're going to get into a timeline. of this getting starts. Like I said, he's a 11 year old boy who's been missing from Colorado Springs since January 27th of 2020 switch is over a month ago. Montana few days month and five. I don't know. I'm not. I'm not good at math. I know if I heard that but somebody tried to speed after the sound like a fat guy farting. So let's do this. Yeah on January 27th. Gannon is reported missing by his stepmother. Leticia starch she told the El Paso County Sheriff's Office that he left home between 3:15 p.m. And 4 p.m. Local time to walk to a friend's house. But never really made it to the friends house. The initial press conference describes him as a juvenile Runaway. Yeah, right. Yeah, right. The El Paso County Sheriff's Office tweeted on January 30th is rumors about the case began to spread online any information prematurely released that has not been confirmed by the El Paso County Sheriff's Office takes away from this investigation FBI Child Abduction rapid deployment. Hmm card Pikes Peak Regional Office of Emergency Management, El Paso County search and rescue the national Center for missing and exploited children Colorado Springs Department Fountain Police Department. The Salvation Army have all been involved in the search starts was last seen wearing a blue jacket blue jeans and sneakers. brown hair brown eyes four foot nine so January 30th The Disappearance is now classified as a missing endangered persons case the sheriff office asking anyone with any information to call authorities and blast what was described as misinformation on social media about the case official does not specifically did not specify exactly what Miss information they were referring to. February 3rd, the officials and specify address any rumors Leticia start responded online comments vilifying her in an interview with local CBS affiliate KKTV. I took care of Ganon for the last two years in our home. I would never never ever hurt this child and I know there are some questions out there that's up to the investigations. When they end up letting you guys know, but I've been Cooperative with him. She told them we are going to find Gannon and that's the main goal that we have. I'm just ready for getting to come home. She in the family receive more than 20 death threats. official said that thousands if they had put in thousands of hours of search efforts including through aerial drones search and rescue canine the involve the search included the FBI Child Abduction card, which I was talking about earlier. February 4th, here's the big thing guys a neighbor comes forward with surveillance footage that says he shows the teacher starts leaving the house with him and returning several hours later alone. Neighbor Roderick Dylan told NBC that he decided to look through his footage. Once the search intensified and saw starts getting into a red pickup truck Monday morning at 10:13 am the footage also appears to show again and walking slowly. We as he approaches to get into the truck according to Drayton when she returns in the truck at 219 p.m. Ganon is nowhere to be seen A spokeswoman for the sheriff's office told ABC News investigators that have a copy of the video and do not dispute drayton's description. This is one piece in a very very very very large puzzle. That ended up helping. helping in a big way a big big way February 5th gannon's biological mother and father make a gut-wrenching plea for anyone with any information to come forward. The kid just doesn't disappear and no one sees him if you have anything that's credible if you're afraid don't worry about it. Imagine my son. Imagine how afraid he is getting his mother Landon Hoyt said in tears through a YouTube video that Colorado Springs the El Paso County Sheriff's Office played. It's been more than a roller coaster ride. It's been more than emotional mess. I don't even have answers for my feelings of the did. I'm afraid I'm afraid that I would never hear his voice, but I'll never hear him run and say Mommy and I'll never hear those corny jokes that he always tell every single day. He has to tell me a joke. He looks forward to telling me something silly and I'm afraid that I might never see you had to hear it or hear it. I don't want to believe that because that means that I'm giving up hope and I'm not giving up hope because my son is The pope some urging anyone that has any leads credible leads if you're too afraid because you know something the kid just doesn't disappear. No one sees him. Let's doesn't it's not how this works. So if you have anything that's credible if you're afraid don't worry about imagine my son how afraid he is. Imagine how Frank Gannon is, so please call please write if you need to have someone else to do it for you, please. Do because my son deserves to be here. He deserves to be here the end of the video. She last thing she said was I love you Bubba. And neither parents address the rumors of Leticia starch Leticia Leticia starts, Leticia. February 16th authorities provide the latest update search for Gannon. He received 555 tips, but he has still not been found. So that ends up there y'all. So use kind of what they say happened. is that he possibly had done something wrong and she flipped out on him and went and killed him. There's audio to with let's check it out. So apparently I guess he had messed up the carpet or something. And she's flipping out on him hardcore. like bad and you could just hear rage anger in her voice. Don't be mad at us and keep us out of the house. Okay, you got it. So at the end of the video, you can hear just a little tiny bit. It kind of sounds like the poor kid is saying I'm bleeding as he's crying. So that leaves everybody to think that she already messed him up. So apparently you guys might have the torch in the back apparently. The rumor is that he messed up the carpet that he spilled a candle on the carpet and either burn the carpet, which I don't know how because if you took a candle over it normally goes out because the wax fucking splashes and puts it out or whatever. They'd either he burned the carpet or got wax on the carpet and she slipped her fucking wig and she flipped her shit and went off about that's why she was like we could see what we got to sell to pay for it. So they don't kick us out the house. So they don't kick us out the house. In other words, she's over here tripping because you know, the landlord is going to get pissed at the carpets messed up and we don't have money to fix it. So she's over here. We got to sell this. We got to sell the couch. You got to sell blah blah blah. We got to sell this we got to sell that. And then she's like pinky promised. It was an accident pinky promised. It was an accident in this kid is just crying in fear. This kid is scared. He's so scared. You can hear it in his voice. You can hear it when he cries. He's so fucking afraid. It's It's sad it's and she just keeps going on and on don't worry. It's going to be okay like reassuring him kind of like a psycho kind of think about it go back and listen. She's reassuring and kind of like a psychopath would and then at the end he goes, I'm bleeding. That's what it sounds like. So it makes you wonder what she already did to him. She smack him she throw him down. What did she do to this poor kid for him to already be scared. You know what I mean? The audio did she record audio herself trying to make herself look good fucking puta. So here's the next part. He's supposed to go to a friend's house. So the last time she seen him. Was what was it between 345 and 4:15? PM something like that. I don't know. Well, I know but I forgot fucking just because just because don't forget. I'm still a small town burn up a cheap plug alert. She plugging it anyway. He supposed to walk to a friend's house. Never makes it back home. stepmom reports him missing and now he had been found. Now he's considered a runaway child. You think I kidnapped her decided to run away from home? well somehow this makes national news and it makes national news quick. There's Facebook groups about it. There's Twitter groups about it. There's chat groups about it. It made national news quick. So since it made national news quick. The neighbor see here's the thing. You're always being watched no matter what you're always being watched. Somebody's always fucking watching you guys listeners out there. all my listeners in the United States everybody in the UK everybody in Turkey. Everybody in the Australian France, okay. pay attention You're always being fucking watched no matter what. Keep that in mind before we go on. I want you guys to Stew and what the hell I just told you. I'm going to take another dab. I want you guys to think about what I just told you. You're always being watched. Think about that. always being watched Okay. Because figure it out yet. You guys still need more time? dude, dude Okay, did you guys get it? You always being watched. Somebody's always watching. Somebody's either being fucking nosy always looking out the window scoping you out. No matter where you end up. There's always going to be a fucking camera recording your face. Because if you like me Gary's watching you shout out to you Gary And for those of you who don't know Gary's the FBI agent that listens in on my podcast in my music to try to get me on the red list. You know I'm saying so. If you have an FBI agent, I think there's a lot of Agents assigned to it quick sidebar story guys. Sorry, so I went to the casino this weekend. Had a fucking blast. Won some lost some you win some you lose some but you live you live to fight another day. Okay, but me and my dad got out of town. We went to fucking Buffalo Thunder in Santa Fe. And there's a lot of these dudes in suits walking around that were kind of buff. And just didn't look right. It didn't look right in the vibe was just weird. It's kind of like a mix of like a cult look like I don't know killer mindset. Like I thought I think these fuckers were agents y'all because it they look like it. They look like it. They look like it fucking agents. So there's so many of them. I think we each got an agent assigned to us in mine just happens to be Gary and I spend the night at his mom's house almost every night and half the time Gary build something out of Legos and I end up going to use the bathroom. And I have knocking over the castle that he built with Lego. But anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, we all have a Gary assigned to us to keep an eye on this to make sure what I'm doing. Nothing fucking stupid. Once we do fucking stupid. That's how you get arrested. All of a sudden. Okay? Keep in mind. You're always being watched when you do something stupid you get arrested all of a sudden because somebody's always fucking watching. This story made national news the faster it got more National coverage. The neighbor decided to check his surveillance cameras to his yard, and it just so happened to pick up gannon's house and their driveway. And it shows Leticia starts the Stepmom walking to her red pickup truck from the house. To the pickup truck getting in the pickup truck. And then you see Ganon walking. Kind of like limping to the pickup truck get in the pickup truck. That was like at 8:00 or 9:00 in the morning and the surveillance camera shows her show up and like 12 in the afternoon alone. No Gannon. And if Gannon was going to walk to his friends house where he disappeared and I'm saying that in quotation marks disappeared. How come that same surveillance footage that saw Tisha and Gannon get in the truck? How come it didn't pick him up? Walking to his friends house exactly because he never walked to his friends house. You know what I'm saying? He never went to his friends house. So since that footage got out, that's where the death threats came in that we talked about earlier. And she just kept making Facebook post after Facebook post and new accounts after new accounts. Asking people to apologize because they're dragging her name through the mud because she would never do such a thing. You know what? I mean? All I'm saying y'all is if you would never do such a thing. Why is there audio of this child? and so much fear Fear for his life basically crying and why are you kind of like Psychopaths? Like it's going to be all right. It's going to be are you you swear you swear it was an accident you swear it was an accident. You're going to be like that and then all of a sudden there's footage of you and the kid leaving, but he don't come back. the one you getting death threats So she tried to play her role and be innocent whole fucking thing the whole thing. Like I said at the beginning of this podcast. I've been wanting to do this. because y'all know the deal on this podcast. No subject goes untouched some might just because I don't like the answers. and it better be something good for the neighbors dogs to be barking at this time of night. I'm saying better be good like the better be scared enough crack heads and shit. But anyway, I guess you could say I was working waiting for perfect timing to do this episode. And I was right I'm glad I waited till today. Because every single day people have been looking for this little boy. In reservoirs around the area Ravines around the area woods around the area lakes around the area rivers around the area other areas. And they haven't found him yet. meanwhile the Stepmom Is playing the innocent card the reason I say the innocent card is because today? This is from the press conference. Yo. Plus he fucked his name. FBI the Myrtle Beach, South Carolina Police Department the Horry County, South Carolina Police Department and Sheriff's Office Leticia will be held without bond in the J Reuben Long Detention Center in Horry County, South Carolina. Will she where she will remain until she's extradited back to Colorado Springs on the following charges? Charge one murder in the first degree of a child Under 12 years of age by a person in a position of trust. Child abuse resulting in death tampering with a deceased human body and tampering with physical evidence. I cannot stress enough. What a difficult time. This has been for gannon's family. Like Jackie said they provided a written statement, but they will not and they won't be providing any interviews at this time and I ask that you protect their privacy. This has been a rapidly developing developing and highly complex investigation and it underscores the importance of teamwork. In the law enforcement agents in our community while our hope is always the tragic cases like this never happen. It is precisely why the extremely close relationships. We enjoy with our local state and national law enforcement Partners becomes the most important. The list of people from around the country that have worked many many long hours and invested themselves so deeply and his long and impressive I offer my sincere thanks to each and every one of you for all that you've done in the investigative efforts so far. Yeah, they got that bitch. They got that bitch. Now. Do you guys see what I was talking with a certain tone when I talk about her about the whole episode. I thought you guys judging me like knock the torch over. And I thought you guys judging me. Oh Manson. You're an asshole. No, I was right. I had a freaking gut feeling the whole frickin time. the whole freaking time You know I'm saying. the whole freaking time This is sad. Like I feel number one I feel. bad for the kid because when he had to go through at the last moments of his life says horrible, you know, whatever she did. you know for her to go through it, it's just disgusting unspeakable like it was only a matter of time before she was going to get caught. for sure like It's only a matter of freaking time. Now only a matter of time all all signs pointed up and leave it to her. You know in the mom and the dad and the family members. You see the mom in the interviews and all that. She just she just crashed and she can't blame her one bit at all. Anatomy so bad things happen to good people everyday. you got to be careful like somebody that I'm close to now. Ask me why? I always have my pistol on me. And I get where she's coming from because she goes it's hard and she said I don't want to live. Always afraid and always ready for something to happen. So I turned around and told her. Yeah, I get it. but at the same time It's not about being afraid it's about being prepared. It's about being ready one. I'm in Colorado. It's fucking psycho Wildlife everywhere. Never know when they're going to run the fuck up on you. For those of you who know? No you go in the mountains you go fishing like run up on a fucking Mountain on some shit. And what you going to do staying still? No. Leaving to do choke it out like that school that made the news a couple years ago now. Shoot that motherfucker. It's either you or him, right? So it's about being more prepared. You got to keep your eyes open and be aware of your freaking surroundings. If you're not aware of your surroundings and what you're doing something bad's going to happen. the week I'm unfortunately Gannon disappeared and they caught the Stepmom for murder. I just I just got his myself in the morning you know I I don't want to say he is gone or he's still alive I don't want to go there because it's pretty sensitive time right now just know wherever he is he's with Jesus and that's the best place to be I don't care what anybody says You guys got to be careful. You guys got to pay attention to your surroundings by your surroundings. That means People to People start acting weird. Either hit him up about it or get the fuck out of there. I'm saying and I don't have kids yet. I want kids. And it disgusts me and it pisses me off to no that. some people mistreat their kids because kids are so special and so important I guess that's in the Bible. I knew you before I formed you for I knew the Says it in the Bible y'all. You know I'm saying. Is it something unfortunate that happened? And I don't mean so we get serious sometimes here too guys. It's not all conspiracy theories and ghost stories and smoking and ramblings and watching movies and we get serious on this podcast to you know what I'm saying? So you're saying? cuz you got to get serious because There's still life out there, man. Let's fucked up, but it's still it's nice. Also amazing. And fucked up shit can happen as I said be aware of your surroundings ladies be aware of your surroundings. There's a lot of fucking sex trafficking bullshit kidnapping bullshit going on you ladies get you some pocket knives you ladies get you some fucking pepper spray. Well, if you can get a gun legally and fucking conceal that shit in your purse or your backpack fucking do that shit protect yourself. pay attention when you're walking out of Walmart Target Sam's Club wherever the fuck you're at pay attention when you're walking out the bar same thing with you two fellas they kidnapped us to I don't know why keep a lookout on the kids just be safe they're the same I'm currently you supposed to I've been telling you guys even before this coronavirus young commands has been telling you to wash your hands and don't let the media scare you his media ain't shit The media ain't shit. The news ain't shit. You know I'm saying. We'd only ones is going to look out for ourselves. If I'm saying and remember people there's more of us than them. They don't want you to know that. They want to scare you with Democratic debates and rub the Republican debates and they want to skate with coronavirus and they want to scare you with bullshit. You ain't got time to live scared. He's got to be happy be ready. Something always fucked up can happen in the blink of an eye I'm saying. So thank you guys for listening to this podcast. This episode was a lot different and I'm glad you guys got through it and enjoyed it. You know shout out to the sponsors if you want to sponsor the podcast. You know just just hit my DM on Instagram Manson ate 3:05 a.m. ANS. Yn8 3:05. Hit me up on there. Let me know you want to sponsor the podcast and I'll send you the direct email. That way we could talk some business. So shout out to anchor for making it all happen. And shout-out to Alter Ego Fitness for making me an ambassador. I'm going to be getting you guys some discount code soon for the sick work out of Pearl and you're going to see me working out and this stuff real soon and see you guys next week. Peace.