Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use orClose personal information in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province strata corporations are legal entities whose members are the owners of the individual strata lots and common areas these corporations and their agents are considered organizations under pipa. Now while Pippa does not cover individuals actions as private citizens, it does cover the actions taken by strata corporations will delve into this intersection between the car. Not in the commercial more throughout this episode now. It's often said that when it comes to strata housing. Goodbye laws make good neighbors when we're sharing spaces with other people conflicting views about things like safety finances and even personal taste. It seemed inevitable. Look at some of these issues through the lens of privacy and safeguarding personal information will discuss what you can do if your strata complex feels like a prison with cameras set out to police the slightest by law infraction what should and Shouldn't be included in Council minutes. What about strata related correspondence. Should you redact names or other personal information when somebody lodges a complaint? What are the Privacy implications of the trend towards increased decision-making by email? How are stratus dealing with the social media age should a property set up a Facebook page for chats and complaints. I spoke to experts in the field who deal with issues like these on a daily basis including the heads of the condominium homeowners association and the Vancouver Island strata owners. As well as two representatives of Victoria based property management firm. We wanted to hear their most common strategy related privacy concerns and how they're dealing with them information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. Michael McEvoy will bring Clarity to some of these contentious issues and discuss how our office can help there's a lot of ground to cover here. So let's get going. This is strata privacy rights cameras and taking action. To get started. I asked commissioner McAvoy why he wanted to turn the Privacy right Spotlight on strata related privacy issues. Well, we hear a lot about these issues at our office. And when we looked at files that our office has seen really since 2014. We noticed a significant number of calls complaints queries from Strata owners strata council members and even visitors to strata buildings themselves. It related to privacy and access to information rights and what are people's obligations under the law specifically, I would say that people were concerned want to know a lot more about stratas use of video surveillance, which has become a big issue these days. The disclosure of personal information that strata councils might have about individuals management of requests are for information that people have as well as with the privacy policy might be of a strata Council and really what we're hoping is that this privacy right podcast will answer a number of these questions. Let's try to corporations collect use and disclose an enormous amount of personal information from a person's name and address to their images captured in surveillance their banking details and other potentially highly sensitive information. And HIPAA protect personal information. It's right there in the name of the act right? Well, it's important to qualify from the outset that the personal information protection act is not the only law we need to consider when thinking about these issues. There's also the strata property act which also has rules about when stratas can disclose personal information commissioner McEvoy discussed. Some of the rights individuals have when it comes to requesting their personal information under both pieces of legislation. So under the person formation protection act anybody can ask for their own information from a strata and I really want to stress that anyone can ask so it could be people that are visiting the building. For example, you could request a copy of video surveillance. If it contained their own image a strata Corporation also have to respond to requests for personal information within 30 days. And if access to all a part of that person formation requested is refused the organization has to tell the person asking for they have to explain why the refusing to provide the Formation as well as the name and the position title the business address and business telephone number of somebody connected with the strata who can answer that the applicants question about that refusal now if they still don't get satisfaction our office is there actually to provide the sort of court of last resort if I can describe it that way so an individual can appeal to our office a decision by a strata not to release information and if that person thinks it's it should have been disclosed. They can come to our office within 30 days of a notified. I'd of the refusal when the person information is being collected as part of an investigation the organization, I guess can refuse to confirm or deny the existence of the information in response. But frankly that's happens on rare occasions. That's the person information protection act. There is also people should be aware of the strata property act and under that act and owner and in some cases a tenant or another authorized person can request copies of the strata corporations records those records might contain all sorts of person from Shouldn't but all sorts of people and by law under the strata property act a strata actually has to give full copies of those records to authorized persons who asked for them this type of request under the strata property Act is much broader than the rate for individuals to request their own information under the personal information protection act. So the strata property act as well again, I would emphasize it's something that's important in this realm along with the pipa legislation people have to read those two acts together to get a full sense of what information they're entitled to. There's a lot to unpack when it comes to Pippa in the strata property act and will try to do that a little later on first. I wanted to discuss a topic that crops up regularly and news headlines. It's a common issue raised with our office and one that topped the list of concerns among the people. I spoke to video surveillance. Tony Giovanni who is the executive director of the condominium Homeowners Association of EC or choa, which provides services for some 32,000 strata corporations across the province. He also feels questions on strategy issues including privacy as a columnist for the province and Times columnist newspapers. I asked him what privacy concern he hears about most often when it comes to Stratus. Well, most common complaints around privacy concerns have to do surveillance inappropriate surveillance. It means the first one individuals in their Strada Lots with cameras trying to conduct surveillance of other straddle all too common property or common areas or inappropriate through people's windows those types of things that those are common complaints strata corporations trying to conduct surveillance of straddle Watts by redirecting cameras, so they can see when people are coming and going from the unit's those types of things. Sandy Wagner is the head of the Vancouver Island strato Owners Association an organization that provides education and assistance. Since two strata councils and strata corporations. She says that the increased affordability of cameras means more of them are being used in strata buildings giving those who install them a dubious sense of security think that they're preventing crime that you're not preventing crime. The bad guys are still going to get in there. You just might catch and a difficult to read image of them, but you're not going to prevent them from coming in and so it's a false sense of security in most cases to have video surveillance and you can't use it for bylaw infractions. Even if you think that mrs. Jones is dog is pooping on the lawn. When it shouldn't be you're not allowed to use your camera to check that out. We really have tried to get the word out about video surveillance in the importance of having proper bylaws ever since the very Infamous show Point decision is so we've used that as a reference point in many of our materials are written material and our seminars and try to get that word out. So it is referring to IPC order p 0 9 - 0 to show Point strata Council issued on December 2nd 2009 in that case residents of a strata condominium objected to what they saw as the overuse of video surveillance on the property cameras were being used to monitor for minor by law infractions, like residents not carrying their dogs through the lobby or perceive dress code violations the oh APC ruled that well the use of surveillance on exterior doors and in the Parkade was permitted for safety and security purposes. It's used to police bylaws was not the order also found that providing access to video surveillance systems through the TV cable system was inappropriate and that Pippa did not permit surveillance of a pool area. Or outside of Fitness room. Here's commissioner McEvoy video surveillance systems themselves are really inherent intrusive and any strata corporation that is considering using them needs to be able to justify their use based on verifiable concerns about safety or let's say the protection of common or personal property as an example a building might be justified installing video surveillance in a Parkade where there's been many vehicle break-ins, but you have no reason to set one up in a social room where there's been no history of any Theft so before you take those kinds of steps. You really have to demonstrate a real and Percy need to do so. That was unfounded as it may be the idea that increased surveillance improves security persists piggy Madsen is the senior property manager and Associate broker of Cornerstone Properties limited based on Vancouver Island Cornerstone manages strata, corporations rental buildings commercial properties and single unit properties for homeowners some 5,000 units in total Peggy to is noticed a trend towards increased surveillance often when there is little need for it. So I think the issue with the security Is is many of the strata corporations out there want to have security cameras in place and think that they can catch people with by law violations for an example. Am I was at a meeting and they're looking at potentially putting cameras in the garbage areas, you know to catch those people that are dumping personal items. It's not something that they can do, you know cameras are there for the Safety and Security of the residents and the building it's not there to bust somebody making a violation of their bylaws. So that seems to be one of the biggest common Trends I see of stratas wanting to use videos. Valence for that purpose. Here's Tony G of onto there's a fine line between surveillance and invasive behavior that violates people's rights. And Tony says staying on the right side of that line means spelling out the purposes for surveillance and how that personal information will be handled in a privacy policy. I think the most common error that strata corporations make is they don't understand the obligation that they have to develop a privacy policy or privacy bylaws to be able to conduct surveillance and then they don't know how to apply it commissioner McAvoy. underscored the point that when surveillance is used the reasons why and how it will comply with the province's Privacy legislation need to be spelled out in a privacy policy at first begin by saying that strata is really should avoid surveillance unless they have first tried less invasive Solutions and really only then perceive a surveillance if the strata has a clearly defined purpose for doing so that as the law says a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances Stratus need to have in place a comprehensive privacy policy that certainly What person information protection act requires what should that policy set out well for starters it needs to set out the purpose for the surveillance that's being undertaken get should set out who can view the surveillance footage and in what circumstances it should explain where the cameras used for surveillance will be located. And how many of those will be in place? It should discuss the length of time the footage would be retained and how that footage is being secured. It should look at questions like how access requests from individuals will be handled. As well as procedures to notify people about the surveillance in the operation of the cameras. They these are just a few of the things that need to be outlined in a privacy policy. So privacy policies all strata corporations are legally obligated under pipa to have them and not just to cover video surveillance. They need to cover all personal information that the strata collects uses or discloses. Does your strata Corporation have one according to Peggy Madsen of Cornerstone Properties strata corporations often only think about their own practices when they see someone else's privacy crisis making headlines. Pure strata corporations actually have a bylaw and have a privacy guideline attached as part of their bylaw package. Not a lot of this right of Corporations do that. But again as those privacy breaches come out in the news about these large corporations that triggers those questions. Well, how do we handle that? And what should we be doing? Thank you says the Cornerstone encourages try to corporations to include privacy guidelines in their bylaw packages and that kind of proactive approach is preferable here strata corporations, like all private sector organizations can benefit from building a privacy. Program we have guidance on how to do just that including drafting privacy policies on the IPC website and we'll have links to privacy right resources in the notes for this episode that will take you through every step of these processes video surveillance is a hot-button topic but it's far from the only concern when it comes to privacy and protecting personal information at strata complexes effective privacy management is about considering the types of personal information. Your organization needs to collect the Purposes for a collection the uses and disclosures and how to protect it much of that information is shared through strata Council meetings, which can cover everything from routine maintenance issues too much more delicate topics like an owner in arrears or someone applying for a hardship exemption. That means there are some serious privacy concerns to take into account when it comes to these meetings Cindy Wagner from the Vancouver Island strato Owners Association says it's a struggle for many strata councils to determine what should be discussed openly at Council meetings. And what should be kept for in camera discussion. So go in camera when they shouldn't or they'll knock camera when they should it's a very difficult line. It's not cast in stone. It really takes practice and a little more common sense than a brand new council member will have they just don't have those skills. You have to know when to go in camera quite off the council. So go in camera for renovation requests because they think it's going to interfere with interfere with somebody's privacy for their neighbors to know that they want to change from carpet to wood floor and it's not, you know, everybody's going to notice wood floor when they see the carpenter arrived and when they hear the tap Tap but the council's are they're afraid to give out personal information by saying that was a renovation request from straddle Lot 12, really there's very few reasons to ever go in camera because everything that happens in your corporation, your strata Corporation is the business of all the members which all the owners and of course strata councils are comprised of people quite often friends and neighbors. Now that can pose some challenges to privacy, especially when Outsiders sit in on Council meetings. Here's Peggy from Cornerstone Properties with another perspective. You can have strata council members that get very comfortable. With speaking with one another and if you have a situation where you have a strata corporation that has observers in the room at those strata Council meetings and depending on the topic. If you're talking about somebody in a rears, you know, you don't certainly want to say unit number or name because you want to protect that individuals privacy. We worked with some of our strata corporations that when they do have sensitive topics like that. They will move to an in-camera session for their meetings that The Observers are left the room and they the council can openly discuss and then any of the decisions that are made during that encounter Proportion are reported out in the minute so that at least those decisions are out in the public. So the ownership knows what has transpired strata business that at one time had been confined to conference rooms is increasingly being discussed in Virtual spaces online and particularly via email that raises serious privacy concerns. When people's personal information is included in those discussions as Tony says ultimately you have no idea what's happening on the other end at that communication. So Google everyone should live by the moment you hit the send button you have forfeited your privacy. There is no way to guarantee that there is any confidentiality or privacy left unless the parties have entered into some sort of agreement and you can trust the party security room. What about other strata correspondence specifically complaint letters and you may think that if you're writing to complain about that upstairs neighbor who seems to be perfecting a parkour routine at 4:00 a.m. That your information would be protected. Right? Well, it isn't here's Peggy mats. And again when you submit a complaint, it's almost you're giving that a consent that you're allowing your name to be put forward if the request for that document because it does form a straddle Corporation document and I think the biggest misconception is a lot of owners. I Feel that their privacy is protected with that that that information doesn't go anywhere do IPC recommends that stratas include a note in their privacy policies that makes it clear that all correspondence including complaints constitutes a corporation document and as such is available to any authorized person who asks for it. Here's Cindi Wagner's misconception is far as well get copies of Correspondence. They're asked for all the things they need to know are redacted like who made the complaint about me or you know who made the complaint about See who wrote a letter about a specific topic posting so black and they don't need to and should not be as our guidance for strata says if an email contains strata information, it cannot remain private Stratus can help clear up any confusion by stating this clearly in policies. At the beginning of this episode we discussed some of the different rules around the handling of personal information in pipa and under the strata property act Tony from choa says that the gap between the two poses some serious privacy concerns, especially for people in already difficult situations. Those are going through a personal financial crisis, for example, or requesting special accommodation due to a medical condition a privacy breach for someone in these circumstances could be disastrous. that information I think is incredibly sensitive and it makes that individual incredibly vulnerable with respects to you know, predatory Realtors other individuals within buildings that really could harm these individuals, you know, if we have asked for and an exemption hardship exemption from circumstances or because of a medical condition, we may be at risk of disclosing personal information that could easily fuel identity theft right and you can't say That well, you know the strategy Council are insured they're going to act with integrity and nobody's going to abuse this we've had a lot of abuse has already we've had individuals and strata corporations who stolen hundreds of thousands of dollars from their fellow owners just simply because opportunity existed the same types of abuses are occur with private information that individuals accessing people's personal bank accounts because they had access to checks they've had access to their direct withdrawal personal information. So I don't think that things like contract your invoices or work orders are these types of documents that Stratus try to hide none of those should be protected to try and hide them Smoking Gun. That's probably something inappropriate or you know, some misuse of funds or unauthorized expenditure and I think the owners have a right to the records and documents of their corporation. I don't think that extends the personal information of other people though. So the contention is that the strata property act flings open the doors to all kinds of potential incursions into people's privacy. I asked the commissioner about the risks. Goes by this broad access to records stipulated in the strata property act and what advice he gives try to corporations looking to reassure people that they're still able to protect personal information. So the strata property Act is actually outside of the Mandate of my office and it actually falls under the purview of the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing that said even removing the policy debate from the question here. I do see an opportunity for strata corporations to build trust by instituting Best Practices when it comes to protecting privacy that including for example, when dealing with matters such as the hardship exemptions that try to councils deal with I think if you limit the types Person information that you're collecting in the first place than the types of very sensitive and possibly potentially damaging personal information that you're referring to would simply not be out there one example is I've noted are issues around hardship exemptions. So when a strata councils putting together, it's minutes having dealt with a hardship issue. It would not be a good idea. In fact, they should avoid identifying the name of the owner making the hardship application their unit number or even the Strada Lot number. However, if you're thinking about things he's like decisions to allow a strata member to rent their unit out. It might be ok, in some circumstances to actually identify the unit number that's being allowed for rental as it means of ensuring transparency and accountability within the strata Council strata is going by standard bylaws would also not permit owners other than the strata council members to be present when the council deliberates and makes their decision again, we go back to the fundamental principle only collect information you need for business and legal purposes. Think of the fact that every personal detail included in strata councils meetings could potentially be accessed not only by owners, but other authorized individuals including Realtors and perspective straddle on owners consider that exposure and I would encourage strata members and static council members to act accordingly to maintain and build trust. So to recap we've looked at different scenarios where stratas handled personal information in video surveillance in meeting minutes and correspondence including complaints commissioner McEvoy earlier made it clear that the first step in protecting personal information in all these scenarios is to limit the collection to only what you need in the first place. Of course these days no discussion on personal information and protecting privacy seems complete without at least touching on social media Emily Chamberlain Cornerstone Properties operations manager who oversees the company, so A media says that it's important for Stratus to understand the platforms available. And thoroughly consider the implications of using any of them for strata business. We don't see it often. We have one in our 95 Stratus that have their own Facebook page. However, I think it's something that's going to be more prevalent moving forward education and communication is Paramount Facebook is not the Forum to bring up complaints not the Forum to be posting your grievances. So that needs to be established even before a site gets created those kind of guidelines and boundaries and building that kind of framework into the bylaws. I think is a good way to moderate that this is for information from the To the owners or getting away to for the owners to contact the council in an emergency or something like that. Tony's advice strata corporations considering a Facebook page don't Facebook for strata corporations is deadly the difficulties. You can't control the behavior of the individuals who access news your Facebook page. And so the problems we've had and we've seen someone didn't like the way someone was dressed at the swimming pool. They take a photograph on them. Put it on the face. Book page and then they started chat discussion about whether this person was appropriately addressed talk about a violation of my privacy talk about a humiliating circumstances. Unfortunately, social media Pages were there as chat the ability to post images or do Post opinions or respond publicly where to speculate on a business of the strata Corporation almost invariably it's incredibly destructive and it's inappropriate and individuals often placed themselves in some significant level of liability when that occurs. Do you provide social media and allow everybody to have a dialogue but at the same time police the fact that they're not violating privacy rights of individuals in Facebook is one of those tests where it almost Breaks the Rules every time when it comes to strata corporations. My website is another option for stratis though. Sandy urges caution there to be to have a website. Professionally managed and not managed by strata Council volunteers, but strata council members can certainly do it where somebody needs to be granted access to get a password. So everybody can log in and see your Stratus business. I can't tell you the number of times. I've gone online and just Google something for my own information and found strata minutes from Strata in another city. And you know, I don't live in that strata, but I know all their names and what unit they live in and what their bylaw complaints are. So what can you do if something goes wrong? If you feel your personal information has been improperly disclosed or that you're not receiving information that you've requested and are entitled to since we have two separate pieces of legislation in effect here. The personal information protection act and the strata property act. Where do those complaints go? Here's commissioner McAvoy. So I would emphasize that my office is here to help. And the first thing we would do is try to sort out whether the complaint is properly with us or under the strata property act. If it's under the strata property act the Civil resolution tribunal is there to assist if the complaint is with us as it often is again, we're here to help as an example. If the issue is a privacy breach. We would encourage the strata Corporation to tell us right away about that breach so that we can help guide them through the steps that are necessary to be taken. So that they're in compliance with our legislation. If a person thinks that their personal information was shared improperly by the strata Council they can make complaints to my office. I would say that before a complaint is made to my office that complaint should first be registered with the strata Council itself and quite often that will resolve the matter. And if if that doesn't work if the the result or the answer from the strata corporations, not satisfactory and really their try to corporations. In about 30 days to make that determination if that response is not adequate then they can come to our office and at which point we will process a complaint in trying to resolve the matter in most cases. Those matters are resolved in a timely way again, we're here to assist all people who have concerns about the way a strata Corporation may be dealing with things and if the strata Corporation itself wants to get assistance and guidance from my office. We're more than willing to assist in that I would encourage strata councils and those who are members if they have issues. Please come and talk to my office and People that are expert in these matters and we can help you out. As the commissioner says complaints can be raised with strata councils the Civil resolution tribunal and the IPC we have resources on the IPC website that detail our office is straight forward complaints process going back to a question asked earlier in this episode. Does your strata have a privacy policy the process isn't as complicated as you may think and the effort at the outset will be paid back many times over both in terms of the Privacy risks, you'll mitigate and manage and the trust you built plus it's required by law. That brings us to the end of this episode of the Privacy right podcast strata privacy rights cameras and taking action. I would like to thank my special guests Tony G of onto from the condominium homeowners association Sandy Wagner from the Victoria Island Strat Owners Association Peggy Madsen and Emily Chamberlain from Cornerstone properties. And of course our commissioner Michael McAvoy check out the rest of our privacy rights series of webinars videos guidance documents and podcasts at boy PC dot BC dot c a forward slash privacy, right? Our privacy right webinars can guide you through creating a robust privacy Management program from the ground up the show notes for this episode include links to our offices privacy guidelines for strata corporations and accompanying frequently asked questions as the commissioner says, we're here to help. If you're unsure where your issue Falls call us at two five zero three eight seven five six to nine or send us an email at info at OE P. C-- dot b c-- dot C until next time.