Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you if you had two people getting plastic surgery, but with the Rhino patterns, so if you have a rhinoplasty hair your horn. Hey, I said run off. Yeah, who knows Rhino text? Hello. Mania is the official term for compulsive nose-picking know. Yeah, which know anyone like that. I thought you said surgery. No, but if you're talking about plastic surgery a rhinoplasty is a nose job, right? So right now text Lo me and Nia is the first I can't stop at himself pick and rolls back away. Just clear up what we're on about the arena touch that hard you said of hard things are going through your head. Oh my God. Yeah. It's not charging your phone for a year cost less than one year or Euro 1 euro 1 euro charging your phone for a year cost less than 1 euro. People have seen your turn after charge. No Custer still corn coming through - even on the phones up in charge. But I think it's the the chocolate the plug, isn't it? There's a Transformer that that's was cast in the money the person a custom Sony custom on your charger phone for the whole year later. It's fact. Mr. Google told me it's when you plug in the phone, the charges are letting added up. Yeah, but if it's plugged in all the time the transformer in the thing is possible and it's not actually going to anything like it's turn around the Transformer and see the phone on me arse fuck off get your facts right with her. My factors, right? No, I don't believe it my fact for charging for your custom on your computer your disputant if you have left floating and not charge and that's what I feel plugged it over and was finished charging. She was I talking about it. No, I suppose now that you said was a time, but I guess she said you'll give an old people are given out about leaving the phone clothing. They leave me a foreign protein. Yeah, even when your phone is plugged in and it's still fully charged the present. It's not charging. That makes more sense. That's what I was talking about. Why are you so awkward? Arsenic? Don't question everything. Just get your facts, right? Sometimes just except for people saying America did you know and 16th century friends a woman could bring our Horsemen to court for impotence. Really? Yeah. This could lead to a child by Congress for the men would have to publicly publicly demonstrate his sexual ability. Imagine that is if it wasn't bad enough that it wasn't bad enough that you can perform for your wife too far for the hall. Let's look ahead. Fuck that is nasty looking. That's great. Did you notice the Canary Islands were named after canaries? But dogs don't card after dogs in Spanish tile called be less can areas which comes from the Latin phrase Canary. I insulae meaning the island of dogs manner. So just sounds like an Aries nothing to do with the canaries as a lot of dogs out there that you'd have to go and see I don't know. You might you might have a knowledge of this time axons or after changing jobs down lately. Did you did you know that the average person weighs twenty one point eight hours a week waist twists 28.3 one point eight hours a week and doing what the waste is just this is just effect on its own with no context to doing that two days already like if you were in your no for the day of sitting down to stay on at the bar, but you find out where some time I would you say that was a great day. You would consider that a waste in their culture if I check my bank account and there was loads of money in it be fair. They've opened that would be okay. Yeah, but solving such a what wasting is like under be mindfulness mindfulness has exactly you might go for a walk dance. You look that fuckin each don't nothing like all right. I must have his way at least I'm going for a walk, but you would prefer a walk on the box office with a fuckin easier. Every time you guys going to be dead soon forever works both ways. Absolutely. So did you hear about Liam Gallagher's son? Yeah, I saw that your day and Ringo Starr's grandson was yes, that's for gas into gallaher's and They went to court and Liam holders that The Prodigy. Yeah, he's Liam Gallagher's someone's nephew our uncle all clear. So he represented him in court or some loophole represented him well went with him to move in with him. Okay, because there are eating a Muslim. Holy Mary Hagen had one of the art sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've been charged. They denied the charge of racially aggravated common salt and incident of them. Gallagher was the youngest son of os as frontman Liam and I was saying singer Nicole happened. That's all it is. Salim holds married to the other aptitude or that was it Starck eroded his father Jason and whose father is the farmer be clear. Engelstad Starkey. Is he? Yeah, just your talk about Liam Gallagher Denmark. Yeah, you know, he's a nickname when he was a young lad Liam Gallagher. Yeah, his nickname was Weetabix. We leave it may not be for the reasons you think did he like Weetabix or is the reason you're here? Yeah, that's all he would ease when he was a child breakfast dinner and supper just that stuff course like cement. I'm fucking balls like trays out like boards and bowls ICS. Well, it's not created. Yeah. So he also am just off the top of my head. He's got a clothing range. They're inspired by you know, he's into kind of mod style. You know, I he's got a clothing range and teacher stuffed up ahead is called pretty green. Ever heard of after the Jam song pretty green. I've heard a little familiar with myself here at home. I've heard of the gym and he's got 300 Outlets across the United Kingdom. He's making a fortune off of always is was a clothesline thing and that's where they got their name from. The OAS is closing number of shops auto shops all ya done around anymore soda. Do not really into the ladies shopping. Actually. I thought you were going to stay in Canada. They kind of stand outside the shop on my phone. We don't look at this moment. Yeah with all your Romania pennies, huh? There's a place. I know Dave crashes for men having to yeah, you can play games and stuff. Yeah called wheelchairs. Sorry. No. Yeah. I don't know if your father has befallen your missus round the shops. Is that nice? That would be nice on me. I don't care you can advise as it is. I'm a botanist but no, but can you get beer of these faces? I'm not sure if this beer just what is it Xboxes and PlayStations? Yeah gaming get your daily challenges on him, dude. Yeah. Something 35 if you just log on once takes forever to log in there's no that's fast enough. It takes years. Sometimes alert comes of them knocked over. I got disconnected three times as I write this text for the server but the fucking correct and again this find the next time like it was a daily challenge other their travel fuckin 15,000 miles is up. Yeah. So Josh was my flat was I just jumped on the train and left? Their own session wild animals were fucking tight enough how long ago that was fun for a woman to have over and stuff. Yeah. I'd wondered a easy canned goods to canned goods. Just just had him on me anyway. Hey, hey, Sarah, pleasure. I felt towards you it's a do use our clothes invitation of another Authors music way of representing it as ones for now original or so. The most popular one was famous cases a charge Harrison My Sweet Lord. Yeah, if Emily what I saw yes. June June June it's a tune absolute robbing bastards like so that was a big case. They can he sounds 1970. There are some was 1963 victim to force me into no plagiarism case don't for years. He wasn't sordid Boon eighty seventy seven seventy years. Christ and original band was still gonna - there's like was taken was the Bandit. It was a songwriter. So it appears that they have that's what we're solving the problem of subconsciously or absolutely deliberately subconsciously. She talked to me that's ridiculous like a no. How did you get away with that? Was it a little known song at the time? It's possible. I wonder what's up with the mainstream at the time and people would have recognized borders. Like Autumn is here. Yeah, it is. The region is better actually in this area fucked the most reason why never is called play probably heard that one is you. Remember the song Yeah, Joe, Satriani. But record for us and he won't well did they start of the Revolution and the steps? Yeah, they're settled. So this is your saturation. He's won. Not like about yeah, especially like it. Alright in the so-called flavor 2008. Joe Satriani 2004 The Cheeky fucker, huh has two years before that registers at Indian band. Shitless record in the artist of this. Oh, yeah normal everything. Yeah energy. Absolutely and I sound Carl Francis slimming that was 2002, but you can go back even further for the same June 1973 old Cat Stevens this you smile whatever his name is heated 20 minutes long. Shit, there are robbing bastards under realism. Quite a side as identical look like some fun trying to find out as 20 minutes long song. Yeah, just find out the bit of something like yeah. In the last half steal your serve Islam. He was for a while ago. So it's not a very good. No Ben's old. No wonder they do interviews and they say what's your musical influences? They go. Well, I was like a lot of you to run up our Mega date or whatever and like they copied our sound completely so it's not just all o plagiarism. Can you be wondering I mean like look heavy metal. Can you be influenced by someone? Yeah. Most of the fuck sounds I'm gonna say yeah means can you be influenced by someone without being accused of fucking stealing like to go back to fucking Mozart and Beethoven Atlanta? Yeah, Jenna, where's the hood? We're all this old enough. They could tell us the wrong back then Del by Del Boy that Eric Meyer if we make it out to him. Actually, he was around back then wasn't he lies? It's Lana Del Rey then. free Radiohead Creep, absolutely completely ER 2017 She was influenced by a Mac. So there's there's some harm the still soon at the moment. I think so and then this red hair they were sued and they The Hollies over or that's right. Yeah, I was up and walk out again. Holly's been that. Yes that to give a grating credit under a normal knee. Well, that's my Dad gives them money did eventually there's not Oh, yeah, I remember that song actually was that an ad as well? And it said here's possibly was you. So Huey Lewis and the News. That was plagiarized by Ray Parker jr. We got a car. That was hard to understand Society. Watch the road. Watch this unfold this is what new drug that was 1984 the Ghostbusters in 1984 the just ordered some your acquaintance. It's absolutely a it's fairly bleep. Like I'm not fucking head But you know that there's a sound it sounds like to do them again 1979 while I was on a pop-up put it on members then file em em em, you kick yourself down here. Yeah. Oh, yeah, Jesus Christ that was utils interest music sitar. That's right. Pop's ordinateur, yeah, that's where it all went down here. And this shit out the force of people's atoms into their phones and all dinner sweetie. I know you only want to lie, but it's more about the washer people won't correct here. I have free music what how dare you he's out of the scouts. I shall have no such thing always tender accused of players raising the Beatles. Not sure why wouldn't a done Master Fenton like Here's one severe of Neil Innes. Just hear the song of the 70s 1973. This is oasis and free. We're going to guess your size at the top at the gig Jay. This is Neil Innes. The Tucson is going to mix it. So let me get this straight. You got engaged or something called. I'm Free as a sphere the ironic know. Because they let us kneel in the singing. I'm free to brother. How sweet we an idiot. Oh, yeah. You can see like on shh. Yeah. He died are Christmas. Very sad. He's kind are the fifth might leave items after fifth satisfy Vanna was sick a parody on the BT's television. Rockland weekend television remember that? Yeah two seasons. He was not She can make her then. There's a second their second single June to remind you that. Get rid of the second division. I'd like to teach the wires go: yeah, I was on him Robin the new Seekers. Hello, it's just like a lot of core quality sound and she oh, yeah, she sang a version that just sounds so I was 1984 and didn't seek his head. Just making 71. Nothing, like it always has. Yeah, they're covered. That sound. Yeah, no basis in their ways of staying in order history and redundant. So this is the Damned. Oh, yeah, it's called Life Goes On from 1982. Let's ring the bell two years there and he would eat his way to Killing Joke. There's nothing like my real main event that was casting aspersions on people, you know range of anything does something more recent. Well 1981 Nirvana ban exactly at a solution. It's identical look so your mind out of the killing joke. This is and Jaz Coleman today. He was starting to soothe him. But then he blew his head off. I believe it has got to be able to support it. Test is the three songs that are missed. This employees are as well. What's your name? Courtney? Love got someone to do with her allegedly hate. Oh, sorry. Allegedly, Mark. Sorry. I caught a ride. Yeah, we don't want anyone. drugs So controls' yes, you're very familiar with them. Absolutely. They had this song opened 87. Would you believe that could have been plagiarized right back? I would not believe her. I would not believe it no way of whatsoever. Sonique nearly won a store the original Mark has never been heard before this Gene is six years before I had this Jean is 6 here in Australia band piled Australian crawl. Okay. Don't even know you absolutely not there's a song called unpublished. The episodes rise and never been to America or Australia who would have known that unpublished critics is never last time exactly sure where data. Now I won't leave a mark. I just totally coincidence they seem to go anywhere. No one ever can you know you want to go a bit self-indulgent are no I'll go on Whose his pocket ignore some irony in sorry. Oh, I heard me in. Yes, I've heard of them. So this is a song called Revelation nearly three in order sound turkey ideas. No. Yeah and you never realize it was exactly the same as a him him him or her Because we understand. Yes ma'am. You know, it's there hitting anything either. Danis, the name of him some support from something called Chesterton making 15, okay? So when I heard this was a it was formed in 1950. It's no charge cheating on. Yeah, that sounds like a tribute band. Demeanor was like, what do you notice exactly the same like knowing the song Eric's awesome Derek's same lyrics Am tuned. They stole everything is this doll from holy prayer and have been accused of being said, 'no Slow Me Down with a feather Marat. I can't believe us. Slocum actually that on drifting off y'all it I just asked you to put back on your trousers down. Let's not get too relaxed. Okay, just after big feet past me my cigar. There's another self-indulgent little. I test questions asked me to none of this on your own if you want can could actually hold up and quarter. That's a song called wait Maria by astrud Gilberto and elevenses if you to say anything 62 Brazilian ISM, but should test from Brazil. How would the lights no fuck that existed. There was no such thing as Brazil back to lot of crazy may not be know. Who knows. So this is about the earliest I could find this from 1937. It's called Power hose by Raymond Scott. This is like another tribute kinda tingly. He's like fuck them. You probably don't recognize TV team should let yeah, it's been a character tones as a yeah II the factory laying over 70 Lena stuff. So this is rush I can see that job. I drove over there Might Be Giants. Yes. making 86 but that's ridiculous. Should we tell someone about this now? You'd only want to know if this is even harder for people at selling last one. I have them here is making 83 the playtesters what the point is of the essence - I'm like three times. That's called Factory concerto. They're not even trying to change a little bit even pretend. They're just it's more of a tribute to that sound. Was that what you can get rid of that sauce? Looks like yeah. I know when I copy the children died words, but it's just a tribute like this award is an instrumental role. But in other songs, even you get to be able to conjure but your Iron Maiden boys Rush actually have you got a not creditable about the technology. It's been a lot of character whose own stuff for you g Factory lanes and yeah. Things like that. That's my last. So that's it for episode 1 of season one LEDs. Thanks for listening. If you ever want to get in touch just get us under saw oceans on Instagram Twitter or Facebook just search for Jam cast pod or just the gem cast on some of them. So you'll see us they are our last email again contact contact champ cast at gmail.com and straight up. Hey straight up just floored like contact a jam cast-iron gmail.com. So just get in touch those very questions if there's anything you want to know because we know a lot of stuff I have tougher heads when you do well I bet ya you see we clearly do markets. It's on tape. That's what we want heard of so want to get in touch give us feedback as long as it's good. If it's just we're not going to talk about I would have and I'll enjoy first shipment you for me the good ones. PM Sofia PRP Army Irish are M DM DM the slip into your DMs. I don't know what young people talk with us. You can p.m. Me and Matt was nobody's word p.m. So that's it for this week. Let's we're Tasha again next week. Hello. Hello. What's the practice quiz? I'll for fuck's sake. I know it was something you want to do a game of phones before it sounds good. Was that here? I'm just drinking it because we forgot the quiz, but I'm going to give it a name of five heavy metal bands. Okay, you have to guess are they real or the Mark or the Marky Mark the edges and car? Yeah, go on. Hit me already. Yeah is the first one so maggots stuffed cunt Jesus Christ Hey, buddy. You tell me about that dropping your head last week. Now is this it's a band. That's what I'm saying is these are the band or he's just somethings you had yourself. That's what you have to answer. All right at you tell me let's see no to what's it called again total Ian infection. the section I want to say Mark. Yeah. Incorrect. It's an actual band from Indonesia. Fuck me, another brewski Bruce Aras Bruce and brutal. Does the Ford one in the bleeding? Internal bleeding I'd say you made it up as Maki. Yes to later on. Again, it's an actual band from Canada. You fucking kidding me a replicant and just Google proved that metallic walk around. He's like this, huh? I can't beat it. I can't believe note my sources. Okay some stuff you Google and his body was not like it. Yeah, cause they all said who know like my history is well clean, you know? Yeah. Yeah, it's wiped clean just like everything has her own agenda. And yeah, yeah, I got myself here. Okay, lady maggot. Lady Magus is it's a brutal death metal band again back again and was not checked him out as well as the resting. Know if you noticed the start of all those metal bands. It's better word. Okay, what's that called again? I can't remember whether or is just before God acrostic metal. Lots of maggots lady maggot before that. I don't want em. Okay everybody. Okay e yeah, totally in an infection. Okay, go on T. Can you finish that look at him? He's got the shit back in bleeding. Metal is a very good fuck's sake. But not sending less for try not to forget this no next week. My question is very important. You don't ya take care look look look. nervous Are you going so yeah, are you nervous do some very good? Yeah sound really deep baritone of mean like so I just think it is longboard. You know, which one is it acrimoniously, huh? I was not able to take 17 why you always Park someone and doing things I once had a certain volume. So when it's playing we start off and we don't have to turn it down when were talking here with me. So I want to turn it on before we toss one of Yellowstone's we start talking over at Notre what building? Just like sites have to tone it down tree clicks. Yeah, I don't know tree click still be okay that perfect. Ready? Yeah. Ready? Yeah.