Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll just love the way he played I love his attitude and he has all this dope shoes that was banned from the NBA and they don't like really became a big fan of this brand go 90 and all I wanted to do was to wear Nike shoes to play basketball. He talked about how the industry has evolved from when he started as a college student in Singapore below people are worried about where it's going to go advertises gonna die. Advertising is not gonna die, but I find it extremely exciting to be in that space because again, I like the wow West we talked about what an idea is and what it can do. And idea could be the country and idea could change the world. Rome is built on an idea, right? He told us what happens when he sees a great idea, but you can just tell that people prints are turning weather is the strategy the counter person the project manager or anybody even before we get there in within the room with creative people. There is a sense of energy that that lights up everybody gets excited about something and you start talking about something And finally we talked about what keeps him excited but I just hate the idea of being an expert. I just think being stood up being a student is so much more fun being a student of your craft being a student of the world being open and just learning about things is so much more fun. Let's start by how you got here how you got to be any CD here? What's your career path to Leading creative at cnx? So maybe it's just stuff on my background on how I got into advertising in the first place, which is a kind of interesting journey. I was born and raised from Singapore and I think my first sort of like interaction with advertising and when I first knew about the power of marketing and advertising started at a very young age and that's interesting because I never ever thought that I would be in this industry and I think my first sort of interaction that really He got me into it was actually basketball in a very strange way because I grew up in the 70s. I was a kid and really like playing basketball and back in the day. There were two teams fighting against each other, right the Celtics and the Lakers and suddenly there's this guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll just love the way he played I love his attitude and he has all this dope shoes that was banned from the NBA and later on I came. To really became a big fan of this brand called Nike and all I wanted to do was to wear Nike shoes to play basketball. And of course, I didn't grow up in a very sort of like wealthy family almost middle-class parents couldn't afford it. But I always want to be like Jordan so I completely got sold into their brand so I watch every single TV commercials the that shows showcase Jordan in a way. I want to be like him on the play like him and to be honest with you. I really All into the brain without me even knowing that I got into the brand. So so I truly believe right now looking back that you don't love a brand because you have good taste or whatever you get sold into the brain without you even knowing and that whole piece of marketing when it comes to the whole Jordan campaign was brilliant and in my mid-20s when I start working and I start getting active Nike became a brand that I would only wear regardless of whatever Sports I play. I think that was my first interaction of how powerful advertising could be and later. Iran, yeah, that's just it I decided to drop out of school actually because I hate the whole system of how schools forces you to think a certain way. And I'm also always been a kind of a creative person. I just want to go and explore myself and and being at school for a while. So I got into art school wasn't for too long. I went to art school for about less than a year. I drop off an art school because I hate people telling me what to do in an art school. That's the irony of it. And got into every time I first advertising job was interesting at first go into advertising by designing banners for one of the biggest actually one of biggest advertising agency in the world. Call Ogilvy a meter which I had no idea. They were one of the biggest in the world. I was just a kid that was really curious about the internet teach myself how to code and really like digital media really like music really like designing and I'll get back into into that because in the early 2000s late 90s the internet Was a very different space and I think that it's actually a really healthy creative space because there's no centralized way of doing things. There's no rules. You just make things and you share with people in forums and in spaces in on websites, and that's how you become creative. So and this is when when you start this is the early days of online advertising. When are you at Ogilvy and you're in Singapore I assumed I was in Singapore. I think I was I was about 19 to 20 years. So that's a that's easily about 21 years back. So it was wow, where's the people have no idea what to do online and it's the first version of flashes came on and and nobody really know what to do with it. So if you know how to use the software you get hired, that's it. So that was my first interaction getting into sort of like a creative industry, but I never thought that I will be in ever ties in part when I started working there I start now. Knowing all these creative directors art directors and I just thought wow. This is actually a fun job to to be doing and it seems like he pays me good money being at that age trying to make banners for people. So yeah, I thought I was just a fun industry to be and then fast forward now he has been so long and I still love it. Just going back there quickly. How did you go from art school? Not like in rules, which doesn't totally surprised me. All right, and how'd you find that job? How'd you make that connection? Yeah, I think I think music has always been a big part of my life other than Sports. So when I actually went to art school, I didn't study advertising. So I was I was more curious about making sculptures and paintings and most importantly creating more Artful expressions of myself rather than trying to study what marketing is by but I always find that kind of dry and boring I'm always very curious about culture about music so I started to die. I've a lot into designing creating installation listening to electronic music and from Death fell in love with a lot of Labor's and and and the design aspects of Music which is album covers and stuff like that. And like I said, the internet was a crazy space back then you can do something put it up and suddenly you get connected by somebody from the other side of the globe. So there were times where I was collaborating with some designers in Belgium in Amsterdam, and we start making things together whether it's a book or an album cover. Or just creating stuff and when I start making all this Graphics and Design I decided to build a website just for the fun of it. It's not even for self-promotion. It's not even a portfolio. I don't I even knew what a portfolio site was about. I just want to make things so I learned how to code and I build a website for myself and I guess from there somebody follow my website and just decided to contact me and my friend actually it was another guy friend of Michael Jackson. We're starting to Trying to put something on the Internet was kind of fun and we went for interview and we got the job. That's it. And then it was a freelance job. He wasn't even full-time job. So that's how I got into appetizing designee banners designing balance for actually pretty big companies. I think the first Banner design was for Nakia Nakia was a big brand not here was probably like apple now right back in like this is the pretty smart phone is technically 10 years before the iPhone. Yeah. Yeah. It's a fast forward a bit. When did you come to the US? Where do you land? First then what was that gig? Yeah. So after after this crazy experience at Ogilvy and I start to get a sort of sense that this might be my career path because it's cool. I'm like the people that meeting with I like learning new things and I have to go to the Army. So I was in the Army for two and a half years, but by then I somewhat knew that I want to be a designer interactive designer or something to do in marketing advertising but on the sites to explore that Artist title me just continue to create and paint. So when I got off from army, I got and job offer from my previous creative directors that work with basically the guy who hired me in the first place and say Hey, you know, I'm starting this new company is a young company. Do you want to come and work with me? So again, I got hired making banners again Banas and by then, I think we were in the face of very very early stages of Flesh microsites. So I was always inspired by the technology side of things. No, Out but I actually feel that during that time storytelling on the internet was a lot more creative because everybody's trying to outdo each other. I was always a fan of agencies like good be increased being back in the day. They had a good run they are they are so creative in finding ways to combine Brands and the way they tell stories and now these days we're talking about interactive experiences and interactive storytelling but that happened way way way way before now, you know, people will really do No, it's much harder structure. It's much more like these are these are the places that you tell stars back then it was just crazy people just making stuff trying to push the technology as much as possible and there wasn't much of a like ruse to play on or he has to load on mobile phone. You can get a loading screen that loads for a minute and you just wait and see what happens and I think that was crate and it's all things to learn in this a lot of stupid mistakes that we make but there was amazing. So I went through the whole face of Flash and and creating all this storytelling whether he's making micro sized by in Asia. It was actually really interesting because we started off being very mobile Centric. So there were a lot of times we are creating very simple campaigns for SMS and stuff like that, which is really interesting. So from there working and at this small company, it was Full Circle. I went back to Olga V again and back then I think now still email or go Vis in Singapore is one of the best Ogilvy offices around the world. So I was a very proud kid. I went back full circle. When in as a director spent about five years, they're built my career and truly understand this whole idea of what advertising is about. I wouldn't say that truly understanding by got a hang of it. I was like, all right, this is interesting. I know what a concept is about. Yeah kind of know what the concept is about. But most importantly I change from being just a digital art director into somebody who is more interested in bigger brand storytelling that is when I start learning for my my seniors my career. Directors they will teach me this whole notion of concept, but the whole idea of a concept wasn't hard for me because I came from an arts background which the idea of concept is so crazy. There is a lot really about expressing yourself, but but we'll get to that I guess but the concept within the marketing environment is a lot more structured in that sense. So spent a good five years in Olga V doing a few campaigns few good campaigns actually for Levi's and and DHL one of those big Brands and suddenly I just got a job offer from Boston. I don't think it happen for no reason because I think I was doing pretty well in Asia. So I just got a job offer in Boston metal with these two guys from really creative agency come modernista back in the day. I still remember they were one of those crazy company who studies whole notion of sightless site. They would have first who or who really show the world like you don't really need to build a website to What you want to communicate because if you want to upload a video that's YouTube this Wikipedia, you know, there's back in the day as Facebook. So what they did was they just basically combining all these platforms together and put a logo on top of it. It created quite a big hoo-ha within a list of reading the creative industry. So I went down and had an interview the file this had the best interview ever because all they were interested about is where I came from my experiences and my good person. Can I work here because it's a crazy environment and of course He's telling the side. I guess they just like my energy, right and I just like their energy as well. So we clicked so I pack a few boxes of you vinyls of you clothes and I came over to Boston and there was I guess that was the best time and the worst time to be in advertising about I always tell everybody that if you can survive during that point of time doing whatever you are doing you can survive anything is why was it the worst it was it was it was in between 2008 and 2009 and we all know there is the fine. My sister was acting is so bad. The first thing people cut its marketing and advertising, right? So we spent a lot of time we had big clients like GN Cadillac Hammer red to name a few and we are just still trying because modern is there was such a creative driven company. I think that's a lot of people who still respect what the company stood for. So during that time we still have all really creative driven people really passionate the cow people really smart strategies trying to make do with what we have. We have during those point of time. It was tough. It was to I'm not going to lie the first three years in America for me or just going through that face. It was really hard. And then let's jump ahead. Now. You joined you've been here about a year. Yeah at see you next. Yep. What made you want to kind of come out of that traditional advertising world into what we're building with cnx. I think there's something really interesting just from my personal perspective that I never really see myself as Sort of like whether I'm a digital creative or traditional advertising person. I know a lot of people say that but just for my background I started really early as a digital creative and then became my portfolio was really funny the way that I did all this work is actually went from really digital Centric work to more and more to a bigger campaigns. And now if you even look at my site people classify me, they always say that you only make all these big campaigns or like big TV commercials, but I actually don't really care because to me that Just the way it is, and I'm also really open to opening myself to different ways of working. So when this opportunity came along to spearhead the creative Department within cnx, I find it extremely exciting scary, but most importantly I think this is what the world is going to words because more and more. So advertising companies are trying to ship themselves into something else and mass media company are trying to get more offerings where they Pair Branson and they are influenced together. But driven by a creative ideas. Even if you just look at I had this conversation couple of times with friends. My older friends were telling me that back in the day. It will all be just advertising companies and that also lie evolve into tech companies coming in being your Twitter Spotify Facebook or Google and then now you're just evolves into something else production companies becoming content company mass media company publishing. Company like us becoming Next Media Company Consulting companies. Yeah, exactly have a huge presence. Exactly. It's just becomes we have a huge presentation just becomes this whole mishmash of people trying to generate and create the best ideas for clients and also marketing dollar has been going up year on year by just going to different spaces and a lot of people are worried about where it's going to go advertising is going to die after seeing is not going to die, but I find it extremely exciting to be in that space where because Again, I like the wall. Whoa, where's and I like that time just like how I like the internet back in the beginning. I like it when there's no rules. There's no formula and nobody really knows what's happening. And I think that that will allow better ideas to that. We can come my better ideas for clients, but most importantly it's just more fun in that sense, you know speaking of no, rules. What do you think about constraints it what it when you cancel because we because I would describe Babe, I have a I guess a little bit of an inside look because we were together but I would describe you as a responsible creative leader. I think I'm pretty responsible. I think you I think you're responsible to the client and to the you know to what the brief ask for and all that when you get a brief from a client when you have those initial conversations, how do you take that and kind of guide your ideation process for yourself and the team so you work with right speaking about cons? Train, I think at least I can only speak to my experience in advertising such a good thing because ultimately we are trying to solve a business problem. Right? So I always try to tell younger crate is that as much as we are trying to be Artful we're trying to be really really creative but we are still first and foremost in the business of business science that requires a lot of craft and art involve to me the constraints within what we are doing is a good thing because it helped us focus and I think think a lot of times we are not and even when we start talking to clients and when we try to decode like you being a strategies it's all about keeping us focused and when we get to that point where hyper-focus that is when we realize if it works or not, then we can pivot really quickly. If you just telling me that you're just trying to sell beers of the Shelf without telling me the exact problem because you just can't just tell me that we are losing sales that doesn't work, but we have to go to into a deep dive of exactly why you are not making money. Why you're losing Services because of design is because of taste is because of something else. So I think creating a Sandbox of constraints actually is the way to go and actually will work better and will allow me to be more creative in at least in the advertising sense. So some people might disagree but I like having constraints. I think it helps me focus a lot. How do you separate those things? Do you save certain things for your are like in your in your apartment? You have a bunch of art you have other peoples in your own you obviously like love to create how do you compartmentalize those things? That's that's that's interesting because I think I just have different Minds for different things and creativity is creativity is the underlining of who I am but I'm constantly curious about what are we trying to solve? And what are we trying to make even I It has no difference from the way I approach problems because my art to at least the way I make it solves a very important problem my life there is to create a space where my mind is not thinking so that is solving a very big piece of things that I need because I need that's time and space where my mind is not thinking too hard. That's just a process of creating exactly. It's just it's just immerse myself in the process of creation and in the process of making so back to from a job perspective. I just think that it's not really that much of a difference because they are all BEC both serving a very focused purpose and trying to solve a problem at same time. We talked a bit about this kind of the different people that you collaborate with and you know, as we talked about constraints to you what makes a good partner and I would say as a creative what makes a good creative partner for people who don't know a lot of creatives are paired up as an art director and the writer, although that's evolved a little bit. So what makes Partner there, but also in you know, a producer account person strategists. It's a what do you what do you look for in that? I think I think what makes a good creative partner is obviously somebody days always positive. I find positivity in our industry is really important because it's tough. I mean selling a great idea is tough. I like this whole notion that idea doesn't belong in a meeting room either. I'm not going to say that I came up with that. I read it somewhere I come from I just I think might be done with a knife. That is so delicate that it doesn't belong in the meeting room. But yet we are constantly every day trying to sell the best ideas to the client and most of the time we have no idea how to make it. We have somewhat of an idea that that is going to work may be based on the data that we have or consumer insights, but nobody really knows come on being good. It's just a given to me and I like having that standard to be able to be to be able to work here and see you next or to be able to be working together with the people that we are currently. Working with being good is just given by think having somebody who understands how to support the entire team to push along and sometimes I can be the guy getting frustrated. Somebody else needs to be the support system is always really like a like a husband-wife relationship. And I think that makes a good pain. You can't just have to fiery person at the same time running a multimillion-dollar account. That's never going to work. I think they will create a lot of fiction. I think a great creative partner who is so somebody who really listens Yes, and both ends listens to you listens to the client and a good sounding board. I think that honest sounding board and it's not selfish because a lot of times we get really selfish about what we want to make because it's our is either idea or we just prefer to work with somebody or we just want to see our ideas come to life and I think those are the very important things within Partners. Do you often see that one tries to take credit over the other? I mean, I know that would I assume that would be a sign of an ethical relationship or does that happen? In or is it usually think I mean, I mean definitely happens. I thought this was when you get into making things because sometimes when you have two very senior voices, somebody has to listen to one and I totally understand that there is when I get to production, right especially I've sometimes I have a lot of empathy for producers because what's and foremost a our job is to stop a train from crashing all the most of the time whether it's badges timelines or or just creative egos, but the second thing then Is really futuring to what needs to get done and a lot of times if you have two partners that are not necessary on the same page. It generates a lot of problems down the line because they just don't know which one to go to and I'm always trying to make that Trend to understand that that will cause a lot of problem down the road. So what I would do being a good creative partner is I will make sure that we are always clear I think clear is a very very very important word for anybody who wants to be a creative director. You have to be clear about your thoughts. You have to be clear about what you're saying. You have to be absolutely clear. Even if you are wrong so that somebody could go explore and comments tell you that you're crazy. But being unclear is the worst thing ever because you just send everybody spinning and is this in in presenting ideas in or more? He's like many companies are giving feedback to the integrating even if when I used to I the funny thing is I don't really have a lot of creative Partners, but I do have a couple of them, but what I would do as a as as the the 1/2 is to make sure that we are both on the same page, even we will fight behind closed doors in a cafe or or at lunch but I wouldn't step into a room with two very strong voices talking about something and just send everybody spinning. Sometimes we do that because we don't have time but I would just shut down the meeting because I think it's very important for for for at least those two person to be on the same page whether you agree or disagree you got to come up with something so that And so that you don't confuse anybody when we don't have time to be confused in to be spinning anymore. There's time is a luxury these days and then so that's kind of collaborating with creative partners. And what do you look for in Partnership from account strategy production and kind of like what people who are outside of your your purview? I think these days is the industry is getting so interesting exciting. I personally find it really exciting because there's more and more people from different backgrounds and we talked about this and the idea of Of what an idea is about these days is so different when you're in advertising company is come a specific. But when you go into a mass media company like us there's so many ways to think about an idea and idea could be a talent and idea could be a piece of really really good editorial writing and there are people coming from very different backgrounds who have different ways of thinking about what an ideas about it's not always just this Big Brand idea that we that we strive for in at least in the advertising industry. So I think what makes a good account person I truly still There's a lost art because relationships are very important and more so and more and more because I think we are in a stage where we try to produce so much things in a very short period of time be it social or digital every single production you go on is just just powder on with different formats and stuff like that. So I think a good account person or a good business director is a really trying to get the trust and that relationships because I came to realize that you're only as good has your client you can only be exercised through as your client. So if you if you don't have somebody who truly could help you sell an idea or or try to just crucial times gain that respect from whoever CMO or clients are you're talking to is just going to be very hard for you to be successful. That's just for my experience. My best word. I always meet with a really really really talented really good human person who really runs Business and and I'll never forget that there's just at least from the council and I think strategies really important right especially now calm strategy brand strategy all kinds of strategy or Tomba is getting more and more important because we don't have the luxury to just walk into a presentation and say this is what you're going to do. And then this is the then and then and then and then it used to be like that. But now with how people consume everything we have to be very specific about a piece of creative world and Where is going, I will challenge in this podcast is whole notion of a integrated 360 idea that we always try to solve but yeah, no doubt. You need a you need a big idea. But sometimes it may be in our world. I don't know. I might be totally wrong. But maybe things doesn't need to be that matching luggage animal because we don't see things like that anymore. So I think I'm curious about how we can use that idea and explore more the way we the way we communicate but that that is when a good piece of communication strategy comes you know keeping us hyper focus is what's really important at least for strategy so producers they are just I think producers are just as creative as creative people because they are so important the creative process and if something goes wrong, we will not get the result that we want. So I think they are the unsung heroes of all these cleats that we see sometimes in award shows and stuff like that. But I truly think that that produces deserve a lot of credit because of the amount of stress and you go through from every single from from production companies from us from the clients. And yeah, I think they are really the unsung heroes for When we are making things all for whatever campaigns that we're making lady, let's start with what your definition of of an idea is you talked a bit about how it's a little different depending on the context of like when you see a couple different things expressed. How do you go? This one's an idea this has what I think I think it's interesting to we briefly spoke about this pain is I think idea is one of the most profound thing that that ever exists in human civilization because an Dia compute the country a kind idea could change the world. Rome is built on an idea. Right and it's almost so abstract. But if you look at to your point, like what really is an idea idea is about is I think we spend more time thinking about how to make this idea work or whether it's off a certain problem then exactly what an idea is about, you know, I'm saying so I think back to how how we are starting to work with different people and I was watching an episode on Netflix. Just abstract how ux designer looks at an idea is very different from how I look at my idea. So I think again back to that whole notion is constrained a good thing and what we do I think is absolutely necessary because if not, we will start spinning and coming up with different things. I think that the constraint comes with the problem that we are trying to solve and then that comes with the idea that we generate and that is actually a future is our ideas solving that problem or are we just doing these things because we think is the way to go. So everything is cool. I always think we are going to get PR but what exactly we are trying to solve is going to detail what ideas about so I think it's slightly different in different cases these days so it has to solve a problem. Yeah, and then how do you know an average idea could solve a problem right? How do you know it's a good one? And I know and what kind of in your background or like in your no education or whatever and forms that I don't know days something about everybody talks about using data to decide. What is it? There is really something about when you see an idea when you first thing you need to get everybody excited. Not just me. I all I truly believe that when somebody comes up with a nugget of an idea it automatically spins off into 10 different types of things and whether they are right they are wrong there spur of the moment, but you can just tell that people bring start earning whether it's the strategy the account of the person the project manager or anybody even before we get there in within a room with creative people. There is a sense of energy that that lights up everybody gets excited about something then you start talking about something and then next thing you need to do. Maybe you don't get that luxury anymore. You kind of need to sleep on it. I truly believe on sleeping on an idea you really need to sleep on it. One of my favorite designer rough Simmons was interesting because he wrote an article about how he couldn't keep up with the fashion industry because the season approach to designing just doesn't apply to him because he couldn't keep up with the seasons he needs to look. His design sleep and wake up and change the design again and sleep again and look at it again. I truly believe in that silver wig out Nick's money with a clear mind set with a clear mind read the brief again read all the information you have and if you feels good, there's something there and the next step I think is to really try to push it whether it is creatively whether it's writing already from a strategy standpoint and I I'm a pretty open person. I think when I was working in a couple years ago, I was working in La Deutsch I have Really good Mentor, and he's always the guy that is always willing to share ideas with people and I realized that he's not in later part of my of my career with spending time with him. I realized that he's actually not asking for approval. He's asking to see people who's been up more ideas out of that idea that he had or are they any great Flex that he needs to solve and that is a very important thing and I was really impressed with that because he would he would then take all the feedback and trying to solve those. Reflex and during that process the actually makes the idea a lot better. So I think it always starts with an energy. I need to say, of course, he needs to hit the breathe and you look at it is to even interesting idea how somebody done it before but then it starts of an energy and then from that energy I think be open to share with people see what people think a lot of times. I think we are so to close my underwear so scared but we don't realize that more people could actually make the ideas better. And also you have the you you have the right to disagree with People so so what is that to lose? I think sharing with people I think that's when you decide whether whether this is the right idea to going on, you know, I think I think that this day and age is just too much to say that it's a stroke of Genius. There's still a little bit of that. I'm not saying that there aren't but I think I like the whole idea of getting people together and comes to a point where you take Consolidated feedback and you decide so I think I think there's a different way of thinking about it is we become to collaborative we have to get But he consensus there is when he falls apart by true leading this when he's falls apart. I think ultimately the still needs to be a core group of people making decisions. There is how you decide. What is good idea or not? How do you do that? How do you decide which feedback to take and what to not take? Oh, wow. Sometimes it's really personal. Sometimes you just know I'm not going to I'm not going to do that because there's just sounds like that idea. Does it depend on who it's coming from? It depends. It depends is you I will always try to take him or feedback and I was always try to engage more people but you're right. But sometimes you just is a few things right is based on experience based on discussion. That's when a good account person comes in as well because sometimes they have Insider knowledge and what the business is about and they will give you hints or whether this is what the client wants and sometimes it's just pure Instinct that you just feel like this is the way to go and and again I say like, it's really hard to just Something based on then so you probably just need to open up and talk to people. Yeah, I'm not sure if that answer your question, but it's a complicated process. One of the things that you've talked about a lot is a lot of your Inspirations but artists different designers people in the Fashion World, Michael Jordan. Yeah who inspires you now, but I think maybe more importantly how do you gain those sources of inspiration? How do you do you seek them out do you like what's your kind of process for gaining inspiration? I think inspiration is like food is what you put in your body. I really do think so because I think there's people who are just really funny writers. And if you really study what they consume, I believe there's a lot of times maybe it's maybe started Inspire them in some way or they are definitely experts in the field, you know for myself. I think that you constantly just need to seek out what makes you passionate what makes you feel passionate. I think they're feeling of being passionate. Maybe there's a person Shelby this when you see something there for you decide what is a good idea not because you feel passion for an idea. So if your passion is music go see shows your passion is Art go to as many calories as possible. But I think ultimately it's about keeping young. I hate to burst. I hate to be an expert, you know, even I hate that, you know that I hate to be an expert of in advertising or people say that oh, yes, you have experience doing this. I hate having experiences. I always know we'll all yeah, that is one they say is that is that someone telling you that it's time to retire? Yeah. No, that is one percentage. All right, but this that maybe maybe this one percent but I just hate the idea of being an expert. I just think being a student is so much more fun being a student of your craft being a student of the world being open and just learning about things is so much more fun because once you are stuck in a way of doing things or a way of thinking about things you just you just get To blend as human beings. We always get comfortable with things. That's why I always I always try to push myself to experience new things to it's not that out all the time. But it's I just tried to keep an open mind about the music that I listen to about the things that I read about points of views from people. I think that's very important. Give me your mind young is really important. I think I think so. I think I think that's the trick to getting your inspiration. Also just knowing what people are doing these days. I won't even say kids just in general. Neural what people are doing what people like to do. I like to observe how people consume things because what is information whether it's full I just like watching people. I just like how to to see how people what clothes they are wearing and stuff like that. You can get a lot of inspiration from just people in general just by paying close attention to people rather than your phones. Although people look at people on their phones by it's more of a curator more more manicured version of how they want the world. To see them by like the mold greedier raw side on how people do their day-to-day lives. So how can people who may not see themselves as creative be more creative. I think the first thing you need to believe is you are creative. I think I think if you truly believe that you are creative and you can create and you have a mind you have your interesting person that you can thing and you can write I think writing is the most mundane as long as you can write you can put words on paper and I'm a director by the way, so that's the purest Expression of creativity in my point of view. So anybody whether you are not in the creative field that you want to be creative, I think I think the first thing to do is to open your laptop take a piece of paper and just write something that but you can never change somebody's mind set if they don't believe that they are crazy person. They will never be creative. But if they truly believe that they have a creative mind and they want to express themselves in different ways. I think just start off with just writing. I think the first thing is to be the second thing is to execute and More you execute the more you do the 10,000 hour rule. So I think it's a real thing the more you write the more you do and become something and before you realize that you're writing all these words mean let's just say that you start writing and you start writing every day and it can all these words and you put all these words together. It becomes a painting that's how creativity evolves and I think that's a really interesting way to look at it. Do you think society would benefit from more creative expression? Do you think we need it or do you think there's sort of enough in the world? No, this is Never Enough like I really think that the whoa always needs more creativity, but this day is actually creativity comes with a lot of responsibilities like having a superpower the reason why I say it as well because I'm obsessed with how people starts to the more I read about technology and how Empower he has impact influence in our lives whether you're in advertising or not, whether you are creating an app whether you're designing something that's super Innovative. We are putting things out in the world and people consume that So you never orchids me before I never happened to me before but I think that more and more we need to start thinking about what messages we are putting out there what kind of experiences we are putting out there because it does effects society that it does affect people people consuming people think about things a certain way. It's a tough thing because because when you start to push yourself so far again, this is another quote that I read somewhere when you innovate so hard it's hard to know. What are the consequences and I think We are at a stage where we are facing their weather is how technology affects our lives to how we try to generate products trying to have startups. But we but we are we're not being friendly to the planet and people trying to do that. Are we making clothing? They are sustainable. But before that we are not thinking about it. We just want to make clothes that looks cool and people by trying to start a business trying to survive but I think these days an idea what is a business idea on idea that you have after you come up with that even if it's just an advertising idea. Have to be responsible about how you talk about things because a lot of times people say we don't care about everything but it does have impacts in the world like the messages that we put out going back to an earlier part of our conversation. You know, when you think back about that young guy watching the Lakers and Celtics who fell in love with Michael Jordan, what would he think about where you're at now and kind of how you've gotten here. I think I'm still the same boy. To be honest with you is exactly why it is just don't be boring. I mean that young guy is pretty I think as I get older the young guys pretty aggressive you want to compete. I think there's a reason why I left the country and I came here and I do what I want to do because and I enjoy being in the advertising industry because I knew compete with people all the time where these companies competing with people but there's a as a competitive aspects of it that I enjoy so I think the young guy I'm still the same guy. Just a lot more just I'm just a little bit older and I would like to say that a lot more level headed by think. I think the person is still the same. I still want to compete. I see you want to come out ideas. They have impact in the world. I see want to help all the brands to create great marketing campaigns that we can all point to and be proud. Yeah. I still want to start a place where the most creative people could come and work and be creative and still make a good living and I love advertising. Yes often meets so much. I knew. All my friends here. I knew all my artist friends, you know, I get to travel around the world with with directors making stuff for Brands and seeing Brands get successful solving their business profit. I think it's a great industry to be I think we are just in a moment where we are changing and that change is actually good because that change equals a space that we have no idea what's going on that allows really crazy things to happen and I like that savior. Yay. Thank you for the conversation. Thanks for fun. I hope it makes sense. Thanks for helping us. Kick this off. This isn't cute. Thank you. It's fun. Thank you so much. Version final is recorded in the Conde Nast podcast Studio on the 24th floor of one World Trade Center in New York. It's edited and produced by Brett Fuchs design is by Alicia Haberman theme song is by able Paris at commuter special thanks to all the CN xers who have contributed and thank you for listening until next time.