Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue bag isWelcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come out after our Brisbane practice match. So Chris I say we just get straight into it 47 Point losses. You said to Fremantle disappointing kind of score Lon. So let's go into the takeaways.Of what we thought about that game. Yeah, I agree. Let's just jump straight into it and get into the takeaway. So first one for you Angie my first take away from the game was basically how dangerous and good Jack Martin looked in that Ford Lon. Yeah, that's exactly right. He played half of a game and he looked very Lively. I think I'd 9 possessions kicked the goal. Yeah. He did it all I thought probably the first quarter he did that real it was a high tackle. Well in our 450 also had that chance where he squared the ball up, but it got partially smothered but the point is the pressure looks so good and it's made me kind of really excited to think of what Martin And Betts can do in that Ford line. It just shows how much the pressures that much more immense with those two players in it and particularly with Martin. I thought he had a great game. Yeah. Absolutely. I thought it was an absolute a very good debut in the navy blue first outing another take away from the game. Unfortunately was the marks particularly in the first Quarter think it was 35 marks for Fremantle to Carlton's nine. Yeah, we were clearly out marked in the first quarter and that carried on for the rest of the game as well. We had some excuses. Obviously we're missing some of the Tall Timber down forward but that discrepancies this to to big as and so no McGovern. No Mekhi no career. No, no bets. So essentially our for best forwards. Yeah. Absolutely because I think the problem with that is we will Mark out marked around the ground as well. So and just that forward line in Fremantle. Playing that real kind of football from a couple of years ago that Hawthorne played that chip kicking and they actually were kicking it quite nicely and yeah just kind of showed up on the stats. I know it's probably not representative, but they did use the ball a lot better didn't they? Absolutely look I think another take away from me with that was the speed of ball movement. I guess coming off the halfback flank or coming off the I have the back line. Even we were taking risks were moving the ball quickly. Yeah, and then we were pausing once we got to that half forward line, you know for once again probably because we didn't have those targets there, but It was interesting to say because I think that's going to be the game plan by the looks of it. So regardless of missing the Personnel that probably trained and they've worked on that all preseason towards the end of last year. So it looks like they're going to carry on doing that moving the ball quickly taking on those resources great to watch you have exciting football, but it's certainly let us down, you know across half forward and just on that point. There are no other a couple of times in the game where we obviously played quite a vacant Ford line, but we had one with Gibbons took a Mark 1 on one way more who is fighting for a spot on the list missed an opportunity, but I think the commentators also said if that's was in that situation, you know, he capitalizes on that nine times out of ten. So it would have been really interesting to see how that stolen football would have gone with someone like 80 bits and experience and quick campaigner to capitalize on those goals. Yeah. Absolutely. They'll try to keep that forward line a bit open one thing and sort of that pagans Paddock out the back bit artist didn't carry it off. So yeah fastball moving I thought that stood out but with that obviously as we've mentioned Obviously comes risk and use do turn it over occasionally, but it's an exciting brand of football. Yeah, that's it. Another thing. I really loved a bit of a takeaway for the game was in the second quarter Simpson took a mark on the on the halfback flank from the from the kick-out he gets manhandled. I'll say bye the youngster. It was a crude. It was really rough could have been a 50 people straight bait and should have been a 50 instead docherty comes in and really flew the flag, which I thought was You know what it I forget about the fact that I don't agree with the umpiring that the free kick was reversed and they got a goal out of it. I don't know cat's practice match for points on the line. The score line doesn't bother me as much bit. I love the fact that dockerty came in. This is his first game as a captain. He really flew the flag. I noticed Nunes also got involved in it. I thought it was a really good kind of bitter spirit and it really did lift the intensity of the game. So I'm all for DACA doing that and I don't care that it results in a turnover. Ask me one more in the season then I'll probably have a different answer but I'll still always think it's important to fly the flag and that was great. Yeah practice match. There are no real consequences, I guess with that on the school board and it was good to see it was setting the tone for the rest of the team. That's it. Silvani Jack silvani a takeaway I had from him was he always puts himself in situations where it gets the free kick. He's a smart footballers. He's a true footballer old school football it is and It's the basics which I'll touch on a bit later, but if you put yourself your head over the ball or your first of the ball, it will result in free kicks and and Jack always kind of is in those situations and I think you received maybe I saw at least three free kicks where you know, it was just good positioning and you know, that's a big one for surviving. Yeah. I mean you can question his athleticism maybe his tank, but certainly not his football IQ, I guess and another probably my last takeaway was And dockerty I mean, it's just awesome the fact that he ran out of game. He's disposal efficiency really started to increase as the game went on and just shows that he's going to be hasn't played football for two years hasn't played since 2017. He's really going to maybe take a little while just to he's back in the game, but considering he's missed two years. I think it was quite a remarkable comeback. Absolutely. So look, I'll throw a question to you was Nunes there to be cited. It was a Nunes know. Where Nunes is a weird one for me. I kind of feel like he's one of those players almost a bit like a like a colonel or a Scotland in previous years where he might get a fair bit of football, but you just don't notice him. And I don't know maybe I wasn't looking out as much as I probably should have been but I didn't notice that he had a huge impact on the game day on it's nothing that's if it the nail on the head there impact on the game and yeah, I didn't really notice him. I think towards the end you might have got in the last quarter or so. I think some a few disposes. That's when I first really notice them apart from that Simpson incident that you Incheon bit of yasoda is known as nowhere for this game. And now is it probably won't be putting your hand up to get in that round one squad or team. Yeah. Well, I mean, I know we had a good practice match when we played Collingwood and you and I both didn't really saw him and I was bit different because we're at the game but you know reading reports and what people saying it sounded like he probably played a bit better than what we thought he did. So I wonder if it's just more of a just kind of goes a little bit unsoldered but he you know, I don't know what his disposal were for the game. But yeah, I didn't think he had a huge impact on the game. Yeah, I thought It won't hurt us again. Who's that? Sloppy disposal and that's something we certainly need to eliminate and Disposal efficiency was wasn't grader. No. Yeah, Dwayne Dwayne had a field day with his comments about it, but he wasn't wrong. That's for sure. Look Dwayne actually said something at the end of the first quarter. He said the difference is Stark and he was referring to our disposal efficiency compared to free mantels and he was actually Dwayne was right in this instance because we just we butcher Ball, which is really surprising considering we've come off a big process. Yes kills the number one and it's going to leave me into another thing Christian of went on about it last year quite a bit that I think Carlton just missed the we sometimes just miss the basics of football and that's playing in front, you know, being front and square, you know marking contest where we can crumb and kicking to outnumber plays. So I've got a few kind of exhibit there was a very good example of that occurring and happening well, and that was the TDK snap from the pocket. Yeah, that's exactly right exactly. Right because it went I can highlight your point of when it's done. Well, it's a t2k flew for from are very athletic. Yep. Athletically athletic and Martin was front and square was able to get possession and you could handle it off to take a rooftop pocket crumbing spot. Yep handball TDK in an amazing maybe a little fluky but awesome girl. There was one in the third quarter as well with that Edgar. No again playing front and center and and got a goal. So yeah, that was a really good. Drop of easels and it and then to put on the the boot that quickly and accurately. Yeah, that was a highlight. But do you find it, you know talking about discussion points to find it concerning that these are kind of Basics that you and I were taught and everyone's kind of taught at I was kick. Yeah, it's what you play you play in front of your man, you play front and center so you can crumb and you don't kick to there was one time when we kicked to solve our knee in the forward line and he had three Fremantle Defenders on him. That's just not a smart kick in. The fourth line that's my the issue. I had with us last year and it was disappointing to see it in this practice match. I know it's a practice match, but you just hope that there's this footballs bit smarter. Yeah, absolutely and look we've got some high draft picks on that list with you. Hope would have good foot. Eiq. You think that'd be would have done that all through the junior careers and coming into a knife L environment with full-time coaches there to assist them. Yep, that'd be a bit better. And I guess it's the same thing with the skills, you know. Russian we've got the we've got high and draft picks. These are quality players this you'd think a skills and especially those basic skills those, you know, the kicking with a man's out 20 meters in front of kicking to Advantage. We're just not really hitting those targets well, and now it's not through lack of I guess skill for each play. But certain execution. Is it a big concern for you that it's something that's you know, if skills are down or or the kind of we're missing out on those Basics. Is that a massive concern viewers? It's something that if we can just it's probably something that they all know how to do but they're just not executing properly. So once that all clicks, yep, we're golden and we've got a pretty small sample size for this season. It's a marsh Cup game of course much committee game are we can turn that around and it generally does happen to a lot of just don't want to see the same issues coming into a new year and us that was the only thing that I found a little bit disappointing and and the TDK goal and The Cone ogala. Just great examples of that's what happens when When you can crumb or you play front and center and I think again with bits coming into that team and Martin showed his experience that will actually have a bit more of those opportunities with balls brought to ground and we're young and we can get those goals. Yeah, absolutely. Very impressive takeaway is that fish has gained so I thought he was brilliant and I thought he showed all the signs of what we're hoping. Yeah people become use these Pace use this skill used is quick hands. I'll go to and it was all over the ground. I thought he had a Lee really solid game and I'm hoping that's sort of The Benchmark for income this season absolutely and we have gained a little critical of him. We have a password. That's the game. We wanted to see we have been he's hit the nail on the head. Yep. He looked quick and his disposal look pretty good. I've got a bit of a question for you. Yeah, so talking about silvani and you know and having a look at our at Matthew Kennedy Kennedy and salani coexist in the same team. Do you think yeah, it's a very interesting discussion. On face value I'm going to say no because I think they're just too similar player to each other both are lacking genuine foot speed. We know that certainly can the as well both similar size and they do play a similar issue game on this not sure in modern football today's game that you can get away with two of those plays playing similar issue positions considering we know we're carrying a few other slow were players like Patty Crips. Yeah, we'll set up. Field So my answer that is probably not I don't someplace more games in 2020 in the carton first. Yeah. Well, you know the saying that they're both very similar players. They both do have sort of their strengths as well. You know, Kennedy's that Deadeye Dick kick from what we've seen and granted sort of a limited exposure in the forward line, but he's capitalized when yeah, and I'm a big rap if you put someone in the forward line you want them to be able to kick straight because that is critical for momentum. So I'm a big fan of child Rather somebody, you know have less disposable. Easels less marks less shots on goal. But you have kick accurately to three goals. I had a for opportunities or yep, that's good. So Varney can miss out of shock and mr. Shopping on the weekend. Yeah, but uh, yeah, he adds a different element there. He had to relive his effort is second to none and like we're talking about is a real true footballer in the and that kind of sense what you already. I think so Barney plays more games or should get more games than Kennedy. I don't Agree, I agree with you that they don't they can't coexist in the same team. I don't think it's just they're too similar. It's that low and so disposal though. Like we said Kennedy kick the four goals last year and showed I think I forget what the stats was be kicked a cup with a couple of times we kicked bags. Yeah bags a few goals. I think silvani has more upside in these kind of effort aspect of the game and probably a bit smarter. He's like you but you're right in front of goal. Hopefully that's And he can he can fix you can fix that. Then. I think the answers and easier. You have a choice that you take so long, but I'll take some money so given and you know, we don't have too many injuries and they're not sort of required to play because we're working too deep into the list due to injuries that don't play together. No, I think I don't know yet barring injuries. I don't think Kennedy will play nearly as many games as silvani will ya silvani think gets the nod over him from what we've seen so far for around London. Yes, he does. Yep good another one for you fire away pit in it. Is he a greatly undervalued pick up for the club? It's a very very small sample size at this stage. Yep, Marsh Community what we got much for him. They do we know now we didn't pay much at all. And basically we on tried it Phillips to get him. So almost a like for like, yeah placement all be, you know a lot younger. I thought was a very impressive debut and I think he adds a lot to the side and he's different to Cruiser and is different. I guess TDK as well if you're going to talk about why so yeah, I think I think we have got a park and you can ask that question. Absolutely. I thought when we kind of got him. I didn't know a lot about him from Hawthorne. But I knew the fact that Hawthorne will probably came to keep him which is always a good sign as they've always trade. It did hurt apprenticeship at a good club. Yes, exactly. Right. I kind of thought he was more of a, you know, your traditional Rock and bit up there were a couple of times in the center Center bounces where he followed up with some big tables and second efforts took some nice Mark, so I'm actually you know for what we gave up and for and for that position where we know we've had where Cruisers quite inconsistent with injuries TK's not quite ready. I think he's perfect and I think and I hope from what I've seen. He looks like he could be a an upgrade on Phillips on Andrew Phillips, which all over but Phil, you know, Phillip side wasn't a knock on either. So yeah it look I was I was impressed with his work around the crown as you've mentioned are his Mark and capability what he did. Ground-level all very very impressive. He likes, you know, he's got a bit of Mongrel any more likely to hit bodies. I guess what we what I want to see is take it all take a closer. Look at his Tap Rock work. Yep, and I haven't seen enough to determine to make an opinion that way but that's certainly a pretty important area when it comes to your truck. So I'll be keeping a close eye on that. How good did Gibbons look? Yeah. I thought he was probably it's got to be buddies. Best game. I think that's your best guy. Yeah just demonstrated what he can do. Do quick what he got him there for and yeah, he looked quickly moved very very well disposal was pretty tidy as well. So yeah, I was I was very impressed with Gibbons game. So maybe getting like your bets who's now taking that forward line its kind of forced him to play in the Midfield. Maybe that's where he's wearing on his whole career, you know, except for when he came to Carlton. We tried him in the forward line because we had to fish in Caesar and there was spots open there. But yeah running through the Midfield these what we do is we look Livingston, didn't we? Yeah. Well, yeah, we've got a bit of a history that Keep it. Yeah. No, I thought he was very good, which is a periodic is not lost quarter. He sustained look like a fairly bad Oh, I thought a drink I thought it was the Nate right now. It is quite quite worried about it. But and cool haven't really heard much out of the carton camper know keeping that quiet. But yeah, it was a proper role you could see I'm pretty sure sort of role on the his opponent's foot as well. And they're usually pretty serious. I thought he's washer and the ground was great though as well. He didn't stop running. No, so that's and that's what he's got to do. So he played new look. Comfortable playing in the Midfield surprise surprise couldn't the other discussion points for me Chris. Yeah, I certainly do. We will Jacob waitering be in the Australian team come season's end. It's pretty good. Isn't he? He's really good. Yeah like to think he would be yeah. Well at least in the squad. Yeah definitely in the squad because only the way shaping and once again, you know barring any injuries or so. He's just looking very very solid very very assured very confident in the back line. He's quite underrated. I think outside of Carlton and he had that poor second year. Yeah. Well he had high expectations came in played immediately exactly first year had a great season. The season not so good again because probably we buy our admissions. We trolled him in the forward line, which is really detrimental. I think to plays games when that's not their natural kind of habitat, but he's third year was great. And yeah, he's been great ever since that kind of poor year. Yeah. That's what we've seen from preseason and from that guy and the Collingwood game as well is looking apart from the fact he went off. He's looking very very good in high IQ. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely and then it'll be tough to make that. And team because there a lot of good Center halfbacks green vendors out. There is a position open perhaps without yeah, I'd be very surprised in a way that he wasn't in that 40 man squad. Yep. If I was to ask you what Darcy Lange offers, what would your response be? Not a lot? I thought he was yeah. I thought he was pretty ordinary against Fremantle. There were a few things I picked up about laying there was a quick kick. Out from the from the center bounce and his opponent out marked him on the Ford 50 or our Ford 50 again going back to the basics. He wasn't playing in front and it was just an easy Mark another another point I think was in the third where we had a beautiful passage of play out of the back line. It got to laying on the wing and he handles to a near stationary player which obviously just Brenton ruins the momentum broke it up. What would you say strength sir? If if you were to be asked well you can tackle. I think he's a good tackler. I think he's nothing else really stands out does nothing so, it's Deadeye Dick not an amazing set shot for goal. He needs to get a few more bows on the on the string. Yeah goes on a string. Yeah. We'll go with that one. My fear bows on the what is that saying? Yeah. Not not what you've told me. I don't think but anyway, he needs to his bow strings to his posse. She got there. We got stirring strings to the by he needs to get it. Yeah, you're right. He needs to either. Bella / a good a good kick for goal because he certainly doesn't show that and it's got some weaknesses doesn't he? Yes, so, you know, we're not looking at that many strengths and there are some obvious weaknesses there. I was just disappointed. This is a is almost the same apply now and that list especially the age profile the the list we took over there missing quite a few players. This is a game where he should have stood up. It should have had, you know, 20-plus disposals kicked a goal or two and really led the way put his hand up. And said, you know, I'm an AFL footballer, but it just didn't happen and when he's had the opportunity like Chinese had the opportunity and and this is what we said at the start of the year. We don't want it to be a club that we've had in previous years where you kind of not gifted again, but it's a lot easier to get a game. If you're not up to standard. I'm hoping in 2020 barring. Obviously the dreaded I word you just don't play if you have a bad if you have two consecutive poor games you're out because there's going to be depth through the bull ants where people are ready to take your spot. What we need Lang last you probably played more football than he should I just can't see him getting a lot of games this year. All right one for you. Andy Cohen is cat and pulse in the right off that we've probably made him out to be have we said he was a write-off not completely but I think we've come pretty close and we've just sort of assumed that he will get through this year and he'll be delisted at the end of the year. What's his natural talking about natural positions. What is his natural? It wasn't is amid, wasn't he? Yeah, I do. Imagine so fine jr. We was looking for well, we played him obviously forward and we've said on countless times. He didn't take that opportunity. No, I don't think these are right off. No put a value. I've asked that question because we've sort of yeah thought that in the end, but I thought he showed a little bit. He showed glimpses. He still made a few of those errors cities are known to do but I thought you know you stood out with his pace and he took the game on and had some nice bits of play. Yeah, there was I think one in the in the first quarter when you've got big grub, yeah, but Running out of the out of the back lawn. Any I mean, I love that we all something to and there's a pinpointed someone on the wing bit. I love how we say that that's a you know, they should this place should be able to hit targets 54, you know 40 meters out, but I thought there is he intrigues me pulse and because if you know, he's a quick player if he can just kind of get those skills issues out of the game and just give us a little bit more. I think you know, well, I certainly saw something in him that I hadn't seen previously in all his other games and you know, Will we keep asking ourselves Bolton loved him and played him? Yeah Tiegs doing the same giving him every opportunity now. Yeah, there must be something he shows a training that we've not seen in a matching. Look. He's probably a very hard worker and that's going to you know, yeah, it's going to put your hand up that's going to get you a game probably especially, you know early on in the you know preseason games if you've trained hard over the preseason and being a leader on the track you're going to get rewarded but I think he must have shown glimpses of skill that we just haven't yet seen it. Yeah. Match, the the only the only problem with this newfound role is you know our back lines. We're pretty full. Yeah, you know, there's not there's not a lot of room do you think you know if that's the case if he can't is this the end of the line from if it can't fit into that back line or produce enough games where he's you know, consistent that back line would we throw him back forward again? No, I don't yet know that that's over but that ship sailed. Is that a is that a safe? I got that one right got that one. Correct yet has the boat sailed on it. So you don't it's a all right Glenn, who knows who would have thought Liam Jones would turn into a Defender and do what he did. So not not categorically, but he might get confidence down back there and you know Eddie bits might only have the one year with us and the spot might become available. But yeah this I mean this is certainly do or die for him this so what you're saying is if it doesn't work out in the back line there is potential for him to come back to the forward line. Yeah, of course if it yeah exactly. Yeah. All right one for you. Andy. Did anybody put their hands up and they're only two players playing this game for that last spot on the Carlton list. So we had to Sturgis buying and we had more playing well, like I said a couple of PODS ago, I was watching more with great interest because just of that body type and big body Big Frame Little Egg tattoo looks like Miss Robinson. No, I didn't notice Sturgis at all. I don't think he played many. It's but more had a couple of opportunities one where I was talking about before when it was bombed into the Ford 50 edit perfect kind of sit and didn't capitalize. I mean look, you know, the problem is all these play every player makes a mistake but G when you're fighting for a spot on a list you can't in a practice match you can't afford to so I still think that he would be malls will be the one to probably take that spot, but he didn't did not knock the front door down. Are you saying you wanted to see more of him? Very good. Yeah, look, I'm not my take on that is they played very limited minutes, they flew over and you don't play them too many minutes. I'm not sure we're going to fill that last spot up. I think they'll probably take that to the mid-season draft personally. They've got a couple of those players Sturgis I think web they're going to be playing down the ants old has the northern Blues. Yep. Anyway, I think they'll let him play half a season. And then work it out then and you know to Fair there's probably no rush for that. So ultimately I mean discussing this game. We've got some good takeaways and discussion points, but also 47 Point loss. It's disappointing. So it's a blowout in the last quarter, but there was a lot to like in about certain players do great. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I don't think we don't take much out of the game. But at the same time Martin's he's going to worry about in given to the big ones couple of good size and Walsh just stopped it. I don't take anything out of that because I'm not expected this. He's been that good but to see Martin and the things I think he can do and I think you know again he's played a lot of football is experience footballer. He's going to slide in and provide that kind of experience and knowledge about how to play that forward roll and he looks quick. Yeah. Yep and over the last take away from this. Carlton fans as passionate as ever. Well, I think they are think about social media the response to this game was pretty interesting. Yeah, following social media channels. There was a bit of an outcry. Yeah, maybe an over reaction will save it one regards to print. Oh just in the loss. And yeah, I mean, you know what you don't win one of these games everyone sort of keeps the lid on go. So well, it's just yeah Marsh Community game you lose one and yeah, there's a fairly Even over reaction. I think I look like I said before in regards to docherty giving up a overturning a free kick which resulted in a goal you don't really care about the practice match and I don't think we would have I mean Fremantle were in front the whole game by I think it was in this first quarter. They're up by the second quarter 13 points and 21 in the third. I don't think people want to lose but to then get a 47 Point loss. I think just doesn't sit right with a lot of People and I kind of agree with that. I mean you want to and you want to see we're talking about it now. We there's not a lot that we're we're raving about about that's come out of this game. Are we I mean, I know and that's disappointing part, but I guess the end of day we haven't dropped Four Points. No, we haven't no so but it it's never nice to lose by 50 points to Free Man to who aren't the best team who were missing, you know, I know we're missing a lot with our missing Pierce and handling and Monday and wife in Walters, so Wallace we missed a lot as well. But even bother going over that but yeah, both both teams has some significant outs. But yeah both teams in a similar position. It will probably you know, you expected to both give a red-hot crack. Yeah. And yeah one team did the other probably didn't so much no and not like we said, I think just at the end of the day disposal efficiency and skill areas killed her. So I think that leads us into that we move on don't we we do we do so we've got another game on Sunday at princess Parkins Brisbane. This is a who works 640 were a better who are better. Than Fremantle so it's a bit bigger a bigger test because test so who's actually in we don't know at this stage. We can are not really bitter. Yeah, look, I think you know people like Murphy come back ploughman comes back and I think I what's that the scripts play probably. Yeah probably does it I would think so. Yeah. I'm say why not? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's only those two games leading up so it's a bit different. There's not too much an opportunity. You want to get people Sheree ripen? Yeah. I think we want to know. I thought that season strongly we can't afford to get off to a bad start or to ease into the season nine will get see, you know winds down the backstretch. So yeah, I'd be surprised if we weren't we probably rest a couple that did play but I think some of those monkey crimes or maybe yeah, perhaps but who set out the second half of the Fremantle game with Martin? Yeah, and they're very deliberate in the time management for the Fremantle game. I think they'll probably similar with bruising but I think any anyone who missed the free, okay. Mmmmm, we'll be playing in the Brisbane game bar injury. So what do you want to see? What's your big thing that you want to see from the Brisbane game? Look, I just want to see some of the I guess not look so sloppy get a bit cleaner and look like you're ready for round one. Yeah, I think that's probably what I want to see and just bit of cohesion and there's you know, where we look back and go. Yeah last week was last week, you know, we're getting ready for round one and where we show those signs that we're ready to take on the Tigers. Yeah, I couldn't agree more with you. I think that's exactly what we need is saying because if we play that kind of fits the Apostle wrote we must kill zone improve and the and the disposal efficiency in these basic kind of football kind of you know Basics, but you know the basis we talked about and you kicking to you know outnumbered plays and not being front and square and things like that. It'll show up against Richmond and that's when you think Carlton supporters can get angry if we put in a performance. Moments like that against for against Richmond round one when I think you know starting the season off is so important considering how we start off last year's season. I think yeah. Yeah. I think they do we need to step up. Yeah one games in anomaly. Yeah to starts becoming a bit of a trance. I don't want to see those same areas of we've listed two weeks in a row because then it would appear to be pretty hard to turn that around switch that on the third week or the third game. Yes, surely doesn't happen that way. Yeah, and we've got some very good opposition. So So that's right. So we've discussed about who we think will be a lock for round one. So it's not just who we think will definitely get a spot in and the positions that we think are probably open to a lot of players. Yeah, that's the purpose of this exercise is to look who put their hand up who we think is going to be a lock after one game, you know, looking to that round 1 and therefore how important this next game is for. Some of those players are on The Fringe and some of those positions that we don't think field now, so we're probably going Through our teams again team of locks at this stage should give me the back. Lawn Chris whose Ark I think it's a pretty locked back line. Yeah, look at this will be interesting. Everyone's going to have a different opinion as well. So, you know, let us know on social media if we've got this wrong or you think we are happy to address it. Yeah. So I've been Simpson. Yep Jones. Yep, and I think Plowman provide he plays this next game and he's not injured. I think that that's a fun thing about think they locks. Yep, you hit us with a few more so across the back. Half we got Newman we touring and dockerty. I think that's a pretty solid lock. Yeah. Yeah a little unsettling that are playing round one. Yeah, and that's six players in the back line that we've mentioned is going to be for on the bench. There's probably one or two spots potentially left there. But I mean that's fairly solid that's pretty comprehensive than we're saying. We think the back lines pretty settled. All right, give us the Midfield. So for the Midfield, we've got to go followers. We think Cruiser plays Red one who gets the first crack at it. I think Christian so that's yep Murphy obviously. Yep. It's in there Edgar know. Yep. We'll set a field. Yeah, we've got any I think we thought that he's a lock. He's had the whole pre season. He played every game last year when he wasn't injured or suspended. He hasn't missed a beat didn't have the greatest of games last week, but I'm so sorry. It's important to say that this is not just purely based on this is on on last year's. Well, we think said if you Didn't get drop last use going to play around with yeah, I'm on putting there's a lot I'd be surprised if he's not there. Patty Crips, if you reckon I don't know. Yeah, I think Chance you didn't play well against freaked out. He wasn't our worse. There was like what so Sam Walsh. Yep, Zach Fisher. Hmm. Yep. Yeah, it's brought along a bit of discussion about that. But I think I think he had me what he brings. Yeah and the game you had last week. He's a lock. I think he becomes a lock especially I think take thinks highly of him as well. So you go through the forward Line This is the fourth lines. We've got Martin as a lock Levi casbolt who was really good against Freeman. I thought again in the air and on the ground yet Eddie bets and Mitch McGovern. Yep, and that's it. Yeah for out for the forward line as we've discussed in previous episodes. That's where the spots to be one. So special mentioned to Gibbons due to injury. Yeah, so we're not going to put Givens in as a lock now because it depends on how he recovers from that ankle injury SPS is obviously Not right at the moment. So I mean he normally any day of the week gets a lot. Yeah, but we've got the question marks over his quads. So whether he's going to be ready for round one Henry McCoy that we're not convinced he's going to play around one. No, we haven't been convinced for some time and there's lots of reports coming out now that he's back into full training, but I question whether he's ready for round one and I don't risk it he's missed a lot and not I don't think you can actually properly pinpoint to the day when someone's ready no 2 Phi, I mean if you if he doesn't play anymore. I see Market names against Bruce when you might play there. But yeah, I'm just minutes on the air. If he doesn't play there. Do you bring him in round while wouldn't be he wasn't ready for you know a week out. He wasn't ready and he's suddenly going to be ready very weak one, you know and that's that's Spotlight National broadcast Thursday night Standalone game. I have my suspicions and pitting it hit know depends what I try to take more of a structure think more about implants nothing. That's exactly right. I think he's he's very close and if they Go with two rocks and they look to go that way especially things were going to going to be a few tools down potentially that are yeah, I think he's a sneaky chance, but certainly not a lot of you don't think Patty dalgona is a lock. No, I don't know it goes go through anyone asks, I'll go through whose hasn't made that list. So we got David Cunningham. These are the and these are the people are going to be writing for those lives. And this is what happened. How many how many names do we have? So we've got out of a team of 2013. 14:17. So 17 lakhs are 17 animal that we mentioned to injury which are dependent but the absolute locks are 70s, that's about right. So there's five spots with showing as five spots up for grabs. Yeah, and you know what? That's probably Grizzlies games going to be. Yeah the chance to grab those. I think well, I think so who are some of those places Dave Cunningham Tom de koning Patty Dow that Kennedy Darcy Lange Jack Sylvane a March Bank. No, I think I think he's still under enough things. It's just too much. He's a lock any day of the week. Probably. Yeah. Yep. Jack Nunes. Yeah, he's fighting for a spot lock Herobrine. Same thing. Same film was good to see him out though, wasn't it was good to say and good chase down tackle showed or you could be like once again pretty limited game time. But what a good experience for him. Yep, Camp Olson who have discussed Jack silvani, I think will be a lock personally. So there are plenty of good names therefore Tomlinson. Yep. So I just don't happen to Locke because he's just not so much people and would be I think it'd be foolish enough to put him in as a lock is every chance. He will be there but it's a bit risky with docherty and Williams mean the type missed a lot. This topic is a lock. Yeah. We're not saying who's most likely than Plato is the best player. Who's a great player. I'd love to see I hope you know, I hope in five rounds. We just say, you know, how can you not have lucky O'Brien or Tom Williamson is a lock. Yeah. Like that would be great wouldn't it? Yeah, that's what we want to say and look touch wood with injuries there. There are some quality players they're fighting for those last positions where not to squabbling a team together. So that's exciting. And that's good for round one. Very exciting. All right moving on. I think it's time for what's giving you the Bradley Pitt salut what's giving you the Bradley pain? We've both got one for this one for this segment only. Is this the one of us, but mine is football-related. Yours isn't going to be football-related. But what's giving me the Bradley pits is a reversal of a free kick or Shin due to a mark when there's this the modern fraction you have possession of the ball. Yep through a free kick through a mark. You give away free kick somehow the other team ends up with the ball lucian's it's just cancel. Yeah out the original want your ball bullet on the ball up. Yeah throw the ball up and you get on with it you neutralize it the advantage and swing to disseminate exactly you had Advantage then you become neutral rather than an advantage swing. NG to that disadvantage ridiculous and you know can't help but feel you've been influenced by certain a poor decisions over the weekend absolutely influenced by that and they were we've touched on this y'all the Simpson one because it was a big one. Yeah, that's all it takes a market a turnover. You probably deserves a 50-meter penalty instead. There's a slightest Tremor instruction and they're cooking for goal. What about the the Newman? Sorry that you Nick Newman with the way during one? Absolutely ridiculous. Yeah. Closed fist that is touch the chest with no reaction whatsoever. So look. Yeah. And once this is a sign of things to come this is going to be this is going to be some party going to feature a lot. They're going to feature every round. This is more rural than the Umpire because the unpiloted interpretation. It was a wrong interpretation, but no, no, it's not the night. It seemed to reputation. Sure. Yeah, I know but they then don't have the ability to just neutralize it and ball up. So no, so no thanks only has a laws, but they said we've got discretion and they They they've shown that they can use discretion, but they don't need to know what break up the for the docket E1 break it up Simpson go back and have the free kick. You don't need to reverse it ridiculous. Officious. Yeah. So look if that's if that's a sign of things to come this year. Then that's not going to be looking out for it. I'll make a point every time I see that that is just ridiculous should make a little book fill it in with all they won't be a little book. It'll be a long book by the end of the year. All right, Andy non-football. Lighted hit me Bradley pits look, like I said, I've been away out of Australia seeing all this stuff on social media about his pain. No toilet paper in Melbourne. I thought I actually thought it was a joke went shopping today. There was not one roll of toilet paper in the whole supermarket and there were people there were and trolleys weren't there. Oh, yeah, I'll get to that. There was one person with four packs of 24 rolls. Come on people you'd better than that. You know what I'm not going to get into it that it being ridiculous, but it's so selfish on people that have got like kids and need 12 elderly like it's absolutely ridiculous why they can be doing that. Do you know what people you can actually go online and order? Piper what you can from Coles and Woolworths so you'll get it. I don't know why everyone's stockpiling all this stuff because it's so unfair and selfish on the people that need it like the LD like people with families. All I needed was we were down to two roles. So I needed an extra six. That's all I didn't care. You are getting greedy. No, obviously you want them three months the people in the in the aisle there were about so I went down this aisle and it was Haunting there was nothing on the shelves and I realized I was in the toilet paper roll, but there were about 10 to 12 people. I like the vultures waiting waiting for the staff to see you shout waiting for the Cheetah Girls waiting for the chip. I was you not really disappointed other people need it. Stop stockpiling it you just creating a massive demand for it. I'll take you one step further than that to baby wipes and nappies. Oh and tissues they're all that to Pasta Pasta rice. Yeah, come on people if that's one of you you got to lift you better than that other people are eating people need stuff, please stop stockpiling. Consider the rest of the population, you know, that's a good Bradley Pitt you're talking what's giving the Bradley pits. Yeah. It's toilet paper. It's perfect. It's very appropriate. So other count news Chris, we've got a just having a look through the alw massive win against the premier side in Adelaide. What a cracking win though. I was a good game. Actually this what last year in the ground file by 50 points is absolutely outplayed us. They're back in Adelaide for the game. I didn't give us much of a chance going their bitter and it's you good early. It didn't look good even kicked a goal till late in the second, which was yeah, but what a cracking performance would have great coaching performance the things that stood out to me with our Steve SEO getting into that back line, whether it was, you know, coach instructions or her own volition, but getting back there taking a few critical marks. Yeah pumping that ball outside the 50 meters. Yeah. She vertical she looks unbelievable in the end terms of I think there was in the Third quarter. She pushed her opponent under the bowl to Market at Tyler Harris who kicked it going. She kicked a few goals to guys go ahead. Oops song singer critics and the one in the fourth where this year-round to the out open open Ford lot. I start over the gold the Sola. Yeah into the goal Square again just use their body perfectly and we only won by eight points and it was pretty low scoring game. But you know Adelaide actually kick the first three goals until until Stevens, I think. Kick the First with five minutes left in the second. So really good win very good performance, especially against the experimenters. Yeah gives you hope that there might be a Premiership sooner rather than later. That's it and might be the girls first. Yeah might be hopefully followed quickly by the boys very quickly. Maybe the same year membership 60 4270 was my last count. Yeah. She's 10,000 more approximately more than what we had this time last year. The last year was a Good number. Yes, and we've now yeah thickness of this is the the most members we've had and it's March. Yeah, we haven't even started around 1:00. So keep buying up. Those memberships are 65 week. If we had if we have a if we beat Richmond round one or even put on that performance that we did those years ago when curnow had that massive first game against them. Yep. I'll be some I promise you it'll go through the roof. There will be some emotional. Bye there will be a lot. They'll be a lot. You can't buy your pets memberships like the Hawks do but yeah, if we I crack 75,000 that just returns us to the PowerHouse and just shows how good this supporter base is because they have not succeeded supporter base. Well Hawthorne if you ask them, yeah surely it's Collinwood for mine after Richmond Richmond Collingwood the other two because we've dropped away bitter. Here's our chance to revive. Yeah, they've got absolutely like 60 70 80 They got a lot that we need to get back to those days because you know, they say that the power house lights we slipped yet. We coming back we are and we're on the rise and we get 75,000 members and everyone sign up because you can get a cheap membership if you want and it's and it's more about not so much what you can get. I mean it's more about just putting a little bit towards the job and if you can only live a couple of games a year get a three-game membership Yeah by that one put it directly into a scarf or a beanie get a scarf about good. Good. Beanie. Yeah great jobs weren't bad. Yeah. Yeah hats never sold in those each year. Don't give it much better to lie. Nah, but you also I think you get the option of a to free games on top of that so exactly might be $100 and you sell five games might be even like 70 bucks or something for you three gamer and you know what it's more about putting it towards and you can count as a member. So everyone get towards them. All right you are you picked up on an interesting article about the salary cap. I did. Yeah. It was something that came up in the age saying that the last couple of years 2018-2019 that we Bane underspending in relation to the salary cap, which is allowed us to spend a hundred and five percent of the salary cap in 2020. So this is basically, you know means that you know, we're obviously with the Jack Martin deal where Pate where front-loading though Jack but it allows us to go for free agency at the end of 2020. I know there's a off the top of my head. I think there's two goalie and who else is there to go? He's a free agent. Well, that's the question that There's not a huge amount necessarily out there, but it might not just be free agents if you wanted it badly. Everybody thinks yeah free agents, but it might be through a trade and bring in a player there is going to demand a high salary. So but the point is that we are strategically doing this so that we can make big plays the big players. So we expect that to happen twenty twenty twenty one. So not doing this for shits and giggles Kyle I think would be stupid to think that Carlton won't go for papal hard again at the end. 20 votes after yep and they have to and I will how good was it saying? Even the navy blue? We haven't really touched or not the Bushfire guy but there was a sight for sore eyes. Yeah now so I think there's a lot of room left for Collins and I could be played at the end of 2020 which is strategically really smart. Yeah, and we will touch on that later on in the season bitter good to know there's an interesting point and it's interesting read the came out. Absolutely now, I've got one for you Andy. I don't know how much you can divulge or share with the listeners and but I believe we might might have some exciting news about a guest that will be on the protein. Actually. We might have a huge guest coming up on the blue bag has potentially more towards a lock can't give anything away though can where you can talk about divulge can't drive all you know, it's very very exciting. Please keep and they may or may not have been part of our cult 22 in the fourth line. They were all right, so go feel free to go back and listen to that episode. You're probably narrow it down to 15 or What attentional yes will I will obviously put that out on social media. Don't forget to follow us on Instagram and Facebook and Twitter and we'll put it out before they before this person potentially comes under the show definitely do that. We will hope to get some questions or for the great person and it was certainly ask on your behalf. Yeah. And as as Andy said let us know what you think. You're some questions will give you some answers. All right, Chris. All right, Andy, we are the blue bag is a blue bag has.