All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first time. What does that I need to know this. Luke said, I was Justin I'm here good good. I'm actually leaving here in will Saturday. So five days, whatever it is fire five days. So when you arrived in Vegas what this one Saturday this Saturday fly out in the morning. See you next week then. Are you going to be in Vegas I believe for the Arnold butterfly from I'll be there I come back. I'm going to tell. But yeah, I'll be there this Saturday one-way trip. How are you? How are you? How are you getting there? Yes, so pretty much. I want to simplify the whole thing. I was like why am I going to drive across the country in a truck with my dogs on the back just for a bed couches my clothes and some stuff like that and then I looked at shipping it and flying and 460 Bass $6,500. To shit, my which is not working at all mm shit my car and bike would just would be just totally ridiculous. So I was like, you know what screw this I'm taking my little sister with me will bring the dogs on the plane flying there. I'm just putting I'm bringing a big suitcase with all my clothes. I'm going to put as much clothes like trophies my desktop and any valuables in the car, and I'm just starting fresh. I was buying everything new which I didn't have much to begin with. Most of my furniture is broken anyway, because I bought a five years ago, but you bye. What was that you selling you back? Oh, no. No, I'm shipping that I'm stripping that and my car. So yeah, and I need that. But yeah, I was like, you know, what am I going to spend all that money to ship few things when I can just buy everything new for less than that. Anyway, let's trust him even way more than just a One-Shot flight and that's it. Yes. Why do you want to move to Cali? I just drove I drew up the cavern. I didn't really take anything. But what's the point exactly? I just refresh. Art, that was the whole big point of this was a new chapter. So I'm excited. I'm a little nervous for some reason don't know why I guess is important what we course the United States, but I'm excited. That's awesome. And then thing and you'll be seeing me quite frequently in California. So he's a quick little story about that actually dominate every ever since I was a kid. To be a bodybuilder. So never know what'll happen. You never know. See you in some like a good fellow style movies. That's exactly the movies. I want to do. Yeah, how you doing? Justin? I'm doing well man. I can't complain laughs just kind of told so long. I've had a good weekend so far I decided I'm going to sit out the Arnold because I really don't feel like me and sick or dealing with all this. Virus shit. You normally don't get caught up with stuff in the news. But this one's actually kind of got my attention. We just had two cases here in Florida. So I feel like said I'm gonna sit this one out, you know, hopefully all my clients and my friend understand. What's he doing its heating up now because six people just died within the last 24 hours of Washington. So no. Wow, I didn't know that. Yeah, I just had to follow me good question DC or state good question. I'm not even sure that's a good question. Probably confirmed the Orcs. Oh, yeah for sure yesterday. Yeah. It's getting everywhere. I'm just honestly absolutely bamboozles why people have not given it any attention until this last week when the it's it's been prevalent just be just proves to me how people have no fucking clue what's going on beyond their own fucking front door and life in general. Well, you know what annoys me to is that why is it that just recently they have stopped off light coming from why is it on it's been for a while. Yeah. We're trying to shut that shit down. Yeah, but the Chinese government gave it a month before I think they should have been hopped on a long time ago. I think a lot has been covered up and now here we are at least cases of breaking all over the place and here people are saying oh but more people die from the flu. Okay, you know year sure but here's an outbreak of something that's happened within the past two months three months, whatever it is three months. Yeah, you know, well, here's this listen listen to this honestly. I spoke to one of our suppliers that's over there and Our and they they shut down their warehouse and there I mean their office and their warehouse facility where they do the manufacturing on January 13th and January 3rd, sorry and they didn't reopen until this past Monday and they've been at home. They've been locked down even the she said that the government even shut down the internet for like 35 days and they weren't they couldn't even get online to post pictures or talk to people or email anything. They had no access to The internet at all for 35 days and then the government finally brought it back slowly but surely where they gave him like Windows like four hours a day where they were allowed to access the internet. Like what's the internet got to do with it? It's them covering it up. It's just that they wanted to be kept Under Wraps. Okay. Yeah, and it was like I was like, holy shit. I mean, I'm glad that they're back to work now, but what changed? Don't worry. They let everybody know. You're not getting that you not good save not at all shake out some see I think I've seen three companies so far. The last two hours actually pull out of the Arnold as well. There's going to be 60% drop off for it. I've just seen as well at the Expo West which is the same weekend as the Arnold you have to okay? I'm gonna turn sasebo. Yeah, people just don't realize like all the soccer games in Italy. We were either canceled or play Behind Closed Doors what that means is no fans can attend. Well that's been going on like was last week or maybe the week before like this is just been going on in people's like don't have a clue the other reason it's got some play is because the stock market absolutely plummeted last week its exact Scott hit people in the pocket. Yeah. Well then a rebounder like crazy today and you still get all these goofballs online who are fucking thick as shit. I'm sorry. I'm sweating too much, but all right. Do all these means unlike coronavirus know something to do they say who cares blah blah blah, you know, you've seen them like you'll care fucking lot when you can't buy half the shit that you need and the prices go through the roof. Oh, yeah, because there's going to be a shortage in every fucking industry because guess what not. Everything is in print in the u.s. Is produced in the USA and look at everything right as you need a cowboy look like materials for supplements. Look at every look at the food supply chain. Jane you know, yeah banana Farms DC in every form of international trade or yo, you can't forget gear Oh, well, that's another thing dude. Yeah, I mean most important thing in life, right? Yeah, but just get a just rattles made that people don't pay any attention or it's just like the make light of something. They have no understanding you make light of it, you know, it's actually has here's a quick little fact, it's actually helping the environment in a way because NASA. Yes, he just released images of before the coronavirus and after of whatever the gas emissions are over China from the factories and whatnot and like what you said, they shut down the factories for Amount of time and I forgot whatever guess it is CO2 it is it was like almost there is almost nothing left of it. So people are like freaking out because it's in a good way because they helping the environment in a way but that's how much has shut down in China because of it. Oh, yeah, that's a good idea. Let's just wipe every fucking thing out and then like to take up. Yeah. Well, the more people that died, let's farts Jesus Christmas always produce playing Joe. Yes, you are your family was here for a couple weeks. How did all that go? Really really good, like I lied a lot because I've never wanted children. Like I've always said I'll never have children never have children and this last 12 to 18 months. I got a good relationship my nephew and I kind of thought well, you know what maybe one day I could be if I met the right person I could be open to the idea. This last two weeks is just kind of put me straight back to the I'm definitely not going to have kids in the near future. Why is he so it's great to see them not seeing them and honestly, I was very emotional when they left. I got a really distant relationship move. My brother will close growing up. He's seven years older than me. So when he left the university would kinda lost that and he went traveling all over the world. So it was nice to reconnect with him and That back and we did some stuff like Disney and the and sea world but just having that bombed with my brother back. My nephew just ask me and honestly the highlights for me was my nephew asked me to take him to the toilet eating the sausages that I cooked for him and food because he was real fussy eater and then read him bedtime story, you know, he's whole was kind of things which mean the most despised like, I don't know. I guess it's the same with anything. Absolutely. Yeah, very good very good, but I'm happy to have my routine back somewhat because I feel like I feel like I've been off the grid for a long long time. Yeah, cool. How's your week been kind of armor? I'm doing good. I mean this week was a little bit different and you know, my my daughter had been wanting to take me to Benihana's for my birthday exact mean we didn't really talk about if I turn 40 back on February. First and my daughter has been trying to take me out to this, you know hibachi restaurant that is like one of our favorite places to eat for the last month and we could just never linked up for a time for us to go. So Tuesday. We went there and I did eat carbs. So I wasn't going to go to you know, this birthday, you know restaurant and not not enjoying myself. So I enjoyed it was just a launch enjoyed myself. I eat some rice add some vegetables, but the only bad thing about it. I'm down four pounds this week. So obviously I'm sure that had something to do with a little bit of slow in the weight loss part, but I feel better overall some down 25 pounds total in three weeks and dance still damn happy with that. Of course. Yeah, and the only thing that I did notice for sure is that for about for about 18 to 24 hours after I had that meal with her the Cravings came back hard for it and I was like pacing around the house like, you know, like fighting to keep myself out of the cabinet from touching stuff and you know, Like picking at anything and I was really good about it. I told my wife she helped me. You know, she she I'm blessed to have a wife who cares and was there with me. This is the really the first time in all these years that we've been together that she knows that my health is at a point where it's really really important to me and I need to take it back and she was just wrong with me and just and just help me through it and I know it's probably was well if she didn't Fucking kick her ass. Yes, definitely. Yeah, but it was great and you know and after I had that meal I had that little bit of a tough time throughout that next, you know day or so and but I got right back on track and just made sure that I was eating, you know my meats and I'm got I'm up to 30 minutes straight now of cardio, so I'm doing I'm doing on the bike because of the ankle, you know, I had a little bit of a setback today in terms of food because and what I mean in terms The food is just as not in cheat or anything. I just haven't really eaten today because I went this morning and had the cortisone shots in my ankle and fuck it hurts so bad. I just want to cut the thing off right now. They told me that it was going to be three to five days before the pain really subsides and he told me for the first 24 to 48 hours. It may hurt worse and Joe. It's like I'm in immense pain right now, but the whole point of injections was to take the pain away it does but apparently it takes a couple days for it. Yeah, it does take And that was because I was out of the gym for like a month and then we had the house and 2015. I heard it swing a sledgehammer the next day decided to go back to the gym that night and been 315 the who I was hurt. My shoulder that went on for a few months. And then I had one cortisone injection pain went away started my rehab and that was good, but that was the only cortisone shot I've ever And just to mention something about his in the shoulder to wear the one he got there was some type of anti inflammatory. Yeah, then I can't remember exactly what it was then it was like a I really didn't like the actual shot because it was like this needle that was like six inches long and it goes straight into the top of my shoulder and it's like she went through the phone. She was going straight through bone, but you know, she felt like she used a little can of freeze stuff. Whatever that is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so she numbs it up pretty good. Didn't feel anything and I thought it was going to take a little while to work and she goes no. She's like you're going to feel this pretty much instantly or should I say the lack of feeling it because the pain was like it was like instantly gone. And since then, I remember the first year after that shot. I had zero pain no matter what I did. Of course, I didn't do anything stupid. I wasn't going to go right back to an exercise. I was going to hurt my shoulder. I was very cautious but you know every now and then at this point, I mean I'm going on I'm Going on three years with it now and it's still holding up. Like I mean if I try to push like an actual bench, press yes, it hurts. But I'm not you know, there's no reason for me to do that so I don't right. They did one in each like joint on the side and button inside and outside of my ankle and then one directly in the front and it was small like mine was only a little 3 inch needle. Obviously, it's a an ankle. It's not exactly definitely so I must be a different compound that they use for me because he told me straight up that it's going to hurt. It'll probably hurt worse for the first 24 to 48 hours both in three to five days. You'll have no pain at all. So I'm looking That also has no no carry on Justin. No, I just said I apologize for this and I told my dog to go because Van Der rohe literally like he is like attached to me and like I can't sit in my chair without him like like pawing at me like wanting my attention like literally every 30 or 40 seconds. He like sits down and comes back and sits down and comes back. It's like it doesn't stop so I just Old him to go to bed go to sleep and he does, you know, he just goes over to his bed now. So while we're on the topic of the aura like Carnival hope to Luke I did actually get a question which obviously I can't pull up because I will drop off this call if I use my phone to pull it up, but it was from Haley. Science, I'm sorry Haley. If you're listening to this, I can't remember the numbers at the end of your name on Instagram, but is from Haley and she was asking about doing the kind of all diet and like this do you stay on that forever, or do you ever reintroduce foods and if so, how would you go about it, which I thought was interesting. It was a good question because there's a fan of ours probably new to a lot of people and I think I covered it a little bit when Luke started the idea. Just to try and get rid of all information. Like most people do the can of our diet not for weight loss. It's to help resolve any immuno responses that you can get in from foods and they're not aware of so I'll just clear Versa to repair any form of good damage because we all we all eat different foods and certain foods containing certain compounds especially plan, but that design signed to cause A response in the body. So if you think about it, I think we spoke about this analogy white issue. If you try to go and take a bite out of say a cow in a field it would either kick you or it would run away if you go and try and like just pull a leaf off some spinach or a plan or pixel through it can't do jack shit. So he's defense mechanisms have to be created. Endogenous lie. So when we ingest them they cause enough of a stress response for us not to want to eat that again, sir, like an extreme case will it will poison your poison ivy, but as a critic, but you get my point your have something inside which will be damaging to us or think. Holy shit. We shouldn't be in that but the think the thing with plants is It may be to stop animals and we think we're safe enough to overcome them because our immune system can deal with that stress and we might even find benefits for its and we will class that as a hormetic risk response, which is beneficial. So that's where you get a stress placed upon the body and it will up regulate antioxidant Pathways to a deal with that but also removing formation and it can have beneficial effects from other. It was already passed through the body supposed to it really simplistic way of just like weight training like weight training and you're lifting weights. He's a hot medic response we get from breaking the tissue down you causing stress over time. We come back stronger. It's beneficial in the long run. So that's that's kind of it. So when you go on the fan of all day, you move all of the stresses for some people will be absolutely fine, but for people with impaired immune systems, These compounds like Oxalis for one and some of these phytonutrients can cause severe damage and completely start damaging tissues. Sweaty getting also immune response antibodies are going to go and Busy trying to deal with what they they deem was a threat but they will get confy. The autoimmune is like they get confused for what the triangle attacks it'll end up hitting one of your organs like and this is something that I've been reading through on multiple occasions to say servire settled quite badly with leaky gut so I would get thing's leaking into our bloodstream and then that would signal macrophages immune response to come and attack whatever was there trying. They will get confused. I would misinterpret their that for a tissue. So I've had my adrenals hit about my pancreas hit and it can go for anything. You know, whatever tissue is. It shows its immune response, you know, people make what do you call that with the rheumatoid arthritis is very common, you know, so it's that's what it is. So he really sorry. I'm not really answering your question for what you do. So once you've got that under control or even if you are using today, you've got conscious control of your way everything cleared up. It's like any other diet add one thing back at a time and see if you get a response and I would do some research as to the safest food first, you know, so if you want to have the carbohydrate back something must unoffensive might just be some dextrose or I'm trying. Time, you know that maybe transition onto some squash is another ones and maybe add some berries and overtime just have one food and measure response. He should be fine start adding things back. It's like it's a great. Equalizer is accountable diet to get you back to a state of equilibrium and you can kind of that a retraining your body bit by bit to accept these Foods again and you overstep the mark. You know, what you need to you pull back out a back to base level again. So one thing I can definitely say like from my perspective so far as I did have a lot of issues with indigestion. I had a lot of issues with irregular school, you know, just like it was never the same and all that has changed in the last three weeks. Everything is regular everything's normal. I don't have any indigestion. It's been fantastic inflammation. You can start building from that some people just choose to stay Onyx. Enjoy the Style, I think you're very restrictive. But as a tool is he used to want to have in your tool belt. I'm not seeing what we'll try our audience that you need to go and do that because you generally probably haven't but anyone who's suffering more with autoimmune disease or some severe Health markers, it could be very beneficial for a short period of time cool. So one thing we were going to roll into after that was talking about the micro and Macro Nutrients. It's yeah, that was a question. We got like how important micronutrients in a calorie Surplus in the offseason and paying attention to that versus into working a calorie deficit so calorie Surplus versus calorie deficit how important is it tracking micronutrients. And also I think we can tie in there. Someone asked about whether you use Tao what happened? When would you choose to use a fat over carbohydrates so macros can also come into that so I don't know since I've been talking to five minutes. I don't know pass that over to Dom and Justin and in fact just in we can tie into the protein levels as well. So we're going to touch on three things three questions in one like protein levels and macro nutrient content in the off season versus when you die in and we'll go with us. And then when in the offseason when you choose a cab over a fat or vice versa when you die? Okay, so it'll take me about 30 minutes to answer that. Okay, let's get started. So micro micro nutrient is I like to incorporate before we start talking about powders. You know supplementation. I do think it's good to get a wide spectrum of micronutrients in because I get a lot of clients that come to me and they'll give me their initial like hey, this is what I'm doing right now and it will literally be one protein Source all day and one carb Source all day and usually you can imagine what those two are. It's usually chicken and rice literally all day back-to-back-to-back literally, like like six meals of that just because you know, I get it, you know, it's easy to do you literally cook too. Fucking things for the week and you're done, but I really don't think that's going to help your body perform at the most optimal level. I like to use offseason. I'm a little more. I'm a lot more flexible in the offseason as well. Like if you have the time and the patience to want to cook like a completely different carb source for every meal. Hey knock yourself out and do so, but I like to get at least three different protein sources three different carb sources, and then with the vegetables I give people like a bank, you know, like hey, here's choose from You know, here's like in different options, you know, we're going to mix and match try to get at least three cups a day and and then her fat sources. Obviously this is going to kind of tie into the micro macro thing is or yeah, no, sorry just the macros in general because some people obviously I'm going to keep their facts a little bit lower but I still have the same view with the micronutrients because Joe you're a lot more knowledgeable on this part than me. Like you're the keto King. So all fat sources are not created. Ali so I'm not going to say yeah do 1 tablespoon olive oil with all 6 meals and that's your facts like that's you know, I don't roll like that either. I do like a variety of that in there. I think that's very important. Now the contest crap that's a little bit different story. But I still try you know, assuming that this person can eat, you know carbs throughout the prep or facts about the prep whatever we're doing. I still like to incorporate, you know, at least three different sources from all three macros. That would be my preferred ideal way to go for Optimal Health and just performance that being said though. I also like my clients to use a greens powder like a fruits powder, you know, just to kind of cover all the bases on that. Let's see. Keep me going the right direction here. Yeah, what a wonderful happy mentioned olive oil someone who doesn't care and offseason. If you're a macros Guy, this is where I don't like diets with numbers. So we're just going to interject and talk like this is going to be so much that comes up from this because we feed off each other. But if you are a macros coach and numbers guy then your guy in the offseason eating having a tablespoon of olive oil with every meal. Okay, but look if you took that out and it's primarily model and saturates with most of that being a lady faceted some food a whole food source, which is very similar is avocado. Very very closely match when it comes to composition fat composition, but what you get with avocado is some Fiber attached to it. So you're going to get slower gastric emptying and you also get a buttload of potassium. So that's going to complete that's going to affect you on a cellular level really cellular hydration levels of potassium and sodium right? It's going to be differential in the ratio there. So all these things are macro coach looks at first having a set meal. Plan diet where you're eating certain foods consistently control your curveball. So you imagine like you're in a prep or something. You've been having olive oil, then you throw in like three meals or two or three meals of other cat that's gonna have a completely different effect on both digestion and the levels of electrolytes in your system. So that's why numbers just don't work, correct. And yes, I don't like doing numbers for that. Very reason because people will I find people is either going if they're serious about dieting They're going to take the easiest approach out. And again, this is just from my experience of watching and observing people from a distance. And then the ones that's not serious about dieting. They're the ones whose you know, hey, I'll have a Pop-Tart in the protein shake or something like that. In order to fit their macros, like build issues junk calories. Yeah, that's the thing. All food is not created equal just to pretty much agree with you guys. Like if I have a client that I'm going to people asking if what that macros are I never have really set numbers from everything. Is weighed out everything is in my head but a base all food is not created equally so people ask me like, oh, can you swap I don't know a MCT oil with avocado. Whatever know the word carb sources. Can I just eat potatoes instead of white rice? I like to know exactly what's in the meal. So if there's a problem with digestion of something I know to take that out, but like, you know just said you don't prep you're going to get The most part of the micronutrients however offseason I worked with Joe for a short period of time and in that short period of time I learned how food sources really vary and how he really helped performance of how you feel and that's when I really see the difference in facts the difference of the micronutrients. I started to study bit deeper into it. Am I in nutrition expert? No, but I that's why I seen that Foods really really matter. So, you know, if you have somebody trying to swap white rice and you know potatoes the difference in fiber. And potassium is totally completely opposite or if you have somebody taking an avocado. Like I had a few clients that couldn't really stomach as much avocados. Are we eating? You know until they know right there, you know, some people just have these response to foods that it's just based on their body. So if you have people just swapping things out because they think of fat too fat or carbs and carb. It just doesn't work like that. There's a much deeper understanding For these foods and in the response to it as well. So and you know again, what up, which I learned to him was fueling things on a cellular level. So you have your potassium your Trace into a trace minerals all that coming from certain food sources and vegetables and when I seen a difference in how I felt at that point I was like, wow, I mean, there's always had a basic understanding of but I truly understood understand how these things really matter and when you're adding things such as like spinach or you know, speed versus a string means there's a big difference there. So, you know, A food sources different matter, you know in my giving macro bayside's is laziness and you just truly can't get down to the nitty-gritty with if you're just giving them a list of foods and macros. It just doesn't work like that. You really have to in a way, you know, like the a technician like they call Christmasy know you have to be able to dissect Things based on what you're given them. So I agree with the both you a hundred percent that there is a much deeper understanding for these foods and food sources and all foods are not created equal. I think there's a caveat to that one. We're talking off season versus Diet in as well. So that the common phrase that gets thrown around is in the offseason while you can get away with a little bit, you know that mean it technically you can get away with processed foods a little bit here and a little bit there to get extra calories to get extra extra macros and energy and I'm not I'm not against that to be honest as long as it's not in except you're going to cause excessive inflammatory responses because that's when energy just becomes energy to fuel You'll training as long as you've got all your bases covered with a correct diet, but when you move into a calorie deficit, oh boy, that's when you've got to have you Tricia Nonpoint and make sure that you're covering all of your macro nutrient and vitamin and mineral levels on the nerves because I mean generally what happens guys you working in a calorie Surplus you have less energy coming in that has less micronutrients naturally attached to that. You're in a safe was you have more food? Bulk energy coming in the up that has micronutrients attached to it. You just basically eating more food versus less food, you act as reducing calories you reducing micro nutrient content and nutrient density as you go into prep. You keep the same food sources. So that's what you might need to take a look when you get deeper into prep. It's like are we actually getting any deficiencies here as things tailing off and it's not just like a calorie is a calorie issue or electrolytes off or we got lots of low potassium things like this is why I'm like all the well tell people to send me the day when they've got a problem unlike not the recycle and it's like all the blood work when people send their blood work the first thing we send me your diet. Because there's a lot of things that you can correct with diet and I think in part 2 I'm going to go into a ton of this about blood pressure and like the transient effects that foods can have on blood pressure that never get picked up because you always do your blood work fasted for the food can drastically spike your blood pressure and it will be acutely so it might be for two to four to six hours. But when you back in a fasted State, oh, well, I'm back normal. I'm all good, you know. When you get some Goodwill because I'm not specifically blood pressure. I'm using that as an example, you know, because most people have the blood pressure done when they go in for blood work or you know, one day at the regular checkup. So it doesn't mean that your blood pressure high blood pressure exposure over 24 hours. He's fine. It means it's that snapshot in time. He's fine and there's some foods that really do. I'm like, I'm going to throw people under the bus here but Where the hell is like drinking these fruit smoothies come from I watching athletes video and he was having two or three fruit smoothies per day. I'm like, where is that God? That's horrible. The amount of fructose going in is horrible and fruit isn't just made up of fructose, sir. Even when you Clash sugars are sugars. Let's do some education on sugars because people just throw like what you call is this blanket everything. So let's throw a blanket over everything. So when you talk about sugars will talk about glucose which is found in the blood. It's what we stored as glycogen, but also classed as sugars, we have fructose and primarily in a lot of the foods. We have some Rose and a lot of fruits have superheroes which is glucose and fructose bound together. So these all have very different effects high fructose in the diet. Is not a good idea. I'm going to tell you why and why is through even in nature if you look at animals, what do they do like bears and things like that? What do they do? They hibernate every winter if you study like what these animals do before The Hive in it, they lured a bond through and why is that because it causes a lot of metabolic syndrome factors insulin resistance. Elevated fat storage like fat just fat cruel and inflammatory sort but do you know what they're not going to be eating for two or three months? So they want as much store energy stored as quickly as possible and they want to become insulin resistant temporarily because you know what they want to use as little energy as possible. You also down regulate metabolism because when fructose enters a cell rather generate energy actually takes energy away. And you know what the thermic effect of food, so when glucose will enter a cell you spend a little energy to get a little backup if you expend too much energy converting that food into ATP, which is energy. We have a pathway that's activated. It stops us down regulating too much. So it will stop the conversion of glucose into ATP until back to see if levels the metabolism of fructose doesn't have that defense. ISM so when will metabolism high high amounts of fruit to us like in a smoothie now fruit is different. You don't want it in abundance, but that's in its whole natural form with fiber attached and the rate of digestion is much slower. But if you have it in a smoothie, we're getting high levels of fructose, which enters the cell quickly. We don't have that what you call what he called on to get that restrict or on their its unrestricted. So it will spend energy and that will send a signal Signal out to the body to say hey, we're low on energy when he's down regular metabolism. We need to look at causing some insulin resistance. And this is why we get a lot of metabolic syndrome and it comes from excesses of fructose and we can indulge your sleep reduce fructose, but it's high fructose corn syrup. You get fructose in that table. Sugar is supper us, you know, you get 50% as out 50% This in that the same with tonic. So all these like things that have changed in our food like the food pyramid is last 30 40 years a lot of its to do with fructose. When you look at that it can also cause raising uric acid and I will go in depth in this may be another part because it's going to get gone for too long. I'm not gonna answer the question. I just want people just to start to think the only reason I chose I won't go into any of this was Just think I've ever I've just shown you then the difference in just sugars. And then we put that under the umbrella of carbohydrates. Everything's so different so proteins and so fat so just think a little bit guys and like doing some research for yourself, but get with a nutritionist to understand something about nutrition and just done you're changing things when you for advice from a cut on certain things do it. They're changing things because They might have much deeper understanding of why giving these Foods than just apparently calories out. I'll just stop there probably for the rest of the podcast Dom. We're yes. I'm right here. No, I mean, where do you where you at on this whole topic that were just in it for you done going through your stuff Justin. I suppose foreign jails to be in gone and then I cut off and rested. We've all kind of went back and forth on this one. All right, cool. What's that back in? Well, yeah, you guys can touch on the question for protein content and do your just that pre-contest offseason? And even just hit I know you do something different with the all proteins compared to 99% of the people who actually yeah, so, you know, like I don't necessarily adjust the protein level. Let's put peak week aside because I do change things a little bit differently on that for most people but you know generally speaking like protein levels. I like to keep them relatively the same however, most people will only want to count, you know, they're animal in their direct protein like, you know their beats or chicken or fish though. Tuna, whatever the hell they're eating but you know with me I like to count every single protein. So if you take someone who has a relatively good metabolism and can have his very carb tolerant and is eating quite a bit of food in the offseason. It wouldn't be uncommon to see like a super heavyweight bodybuilder or should I say t 1 to 30 it up on stage, you know, maybe eating five-and-a-half to six ounces of meat per meal or 5 ounces of meat. Emile depending on what else is attached to that meal, you know versus you know, a lot of coaches will just increase the card but they'll leave that protein anywhere between 8 to 10 ounces. So if you look at the actual total protein throughout the day now your instead of pushing say 400 grams is your goal. You might be pushing 525 550, you know, maybe higher than mean depending on what they said. What food sources are taking in. So for me, you know transitioning from a contest prep to an offseason would Typically, you would see me lowering the protein down as the carbs go up not because of like the whole protein sparing. Sorry the protein sparing Theory, but just because you know, you're actually adding in protein in directly into your diet. That's why I'm lowering the animal protein sources. And you know with that being said since we're talking about protein, I do feel that all proteins are not created equally because just to give give you guys an example and we'll talk about That's on the studio job. Sure. You may want to try it. I always I already want to give you a round of applause for what you just said. I was so take let's put let's put like carbs aside for a second. Let's assume you have someone doing you know a protein and fat diet give them nothing but white fish and whatever fat Source you prefer. I mean, let's say olive oil just just for shits and giggles and then like give them some cauliflower with it. That's your diet now. Take that take the olive oil take the facts out and give them a good solid animal protein like either a fattier cuts of beef or salmon. You're keeping the macros the same you change that protein you change that fat Source out. I guarantee you you're going to see a significant difference in performance and how you feel as well. Yeah. I'm just to tie these fucking as what we've just discussed the amount of micronutrients. Are you going to get with something like a steak fact is just plain white fish. He's completely different. I think the dogs Grease. So I'm pretty much in the same level of Justin but so for instance, I'll give a good example. I may bring some of these protein way up in the offseason slowly than the tablet gets up. But then over you can't really keep it there all the time because you do start to see information the stomach starts to get distressed. Let's not forget about the kidneys as well. But once they get into that level of food with, you know fats carbs and proteins I'm able to then lower the protein a little bit and make room for positive more cars and more fats opinion. Whoever it is. So like Joe Mack, For instance. He wanted a break from August to mid-December. We started mid-December. He was 255 250 whatever he was was eating three to four meals a day. So we had to build up the metabolism. So then we had to go for taken to the fact that he's doing the new a pro. So I built up in tablet to the point where he was able to handle 10 ounces of protein per meal plus the carbs. He's different than somebody that would stick his offseason. So now somebody going into prep obviously going to foods are going to get lower the carbs and fats for the most part the protein for me with most athletes are going to be a bit higher and trap just for the fact you're taking out those other food sources. I don't really count the protein in the other food sources that just me but somebody like with suggesting for example, just I think for a while you're eating what 10 to 12 ounces per meal and then you brought it down to seven to eight when you were working. Man, I don't think I the only when I did my own stuff, you never ever ever caught me doing 10 to 12 ounces of protein. It was always like contest prep cam was like seven half to eight you know offseason was any were 25 to 6. What were you eating with fact Factory? If you don't mind me asking? Oh fuck, you know for the record. I do love fact, you know fact was very good to me were very good friends. This is something that you know, I actually did not agree with on his plans fact did had me eating 12 ounces of protein and that was I think a total of six meals at 12 ounces and then I was having two meals at 20 ounces of egg whites if I'm not mistaken and they said it was to me it was overboard my body felt toxic and my digestion just it wouldn't handle it. I mean you do the math on that. I mean, it's it's a hell of a lot of meat. Yeah, it's tremendous. So that's I remember run that time period I don't know if it was you who told me or somebody else remember? Matt and then usually back then everybody was like more food more food more food. So everybody watch you there's tremendous size. And then I remember hearing that you drop your protein down to the seventh or eight ounces and yet you still kept growing. So I feel like everybody has that perimeter will say what they can hit a large amount of protein for a while, but you can't stay at that for spending periods of time. So then dropping it down even my own clients like in their off season, if I do drop it down once your the food, trust me I'm a bit much. They're not going to lose muscle. You're not going to get smaller. You're not going to stop growing. So it was you I learned that lesson from with the protein that you don't need to eat enormous amount of protein contrary to popular belief. You've got also remember like Justin's very unique in his ability to partition nutrients and remain ridiculously insulin sensitive. So someone who's a little bit more insulin resistant. You probably gonna have to rely on little bit more protein than you are able to leverage that with carbohydrates, but hundred percent with both of you is I off season will be lower because you've got more fuel to spare protein. I mean literally you have it, you know more complicated and that when you get into it, Fire you the protein will increase as you remove all their energy basically just to protect and if you were a sticking point like happening with some people I will start reducing proceed. But then sometimes I would subsidize that was from essential amino acids just to ensure that we will covered off with an amino based without lower color color effect look and also keep the waist a little tighter. Joe how would you do that with the essential amino acids? They could some people have them do maybe one or two servings in between two meals in a day, but how would you do that? I would essentially with each meal of like the males while having problems with digestion off. You just want to know remove resume. Sorry overall protein load say they were doing eight ounces of probably pull that down to maybe 4 or 5 ounces and just have like 10 15 grams of Essentials. Don't like 10 grams for every 3 ounces. So let's say the okay who 5 and had like a scoop of mean it's already be more than covid. Yeah, I definitely wasn't a definite do like that. But I'm Carmen with that with somebody. I'm sure Sophia and just remove solid meals and just pulse amina's between to initiate muscle protein synthesis, but then you've got to ensure that the meals that you have Affair the space to wear very slow digesting sauces or they have some Fiber and fat attached to it. So you can I have like full protein Spectrum still circulating in the blood. There's a couple of ways you can go about it, but I just find it's easier to most people to stick to the same meal regimen just reviewed reduce the amount of protein and then just they just drinks on me to athletes with it and it's pretty simple. But not everyone will know not everyone hates that sticking point. That's like almost like he's just a hack if you get is struggling at the end and you've run out of things to play with as opposed to 10:00 until 6:00 and more drugs and cardio, but no one does that right? No everybody relies on nutrition. Don't take more training T3. Well you just think about that is the comparison. vast is the stress you're putting on your body with access to drugs and while cardia I mean well what to do with the food obviously I don't get it honestly I just don't get it well that's why the last in the last week usually the last few days people don't realize when you drop out that cardio and some coaches lower the protein I know I'll oh my proteins that were people drastically during the karma others well like drastically they make 1 ounce like two ounces of meal and carbs are going up the stop doing the cardio and then just magically little cold magically they start getting extremely lean on they look less inflamed the metabolism goes nuts and leaves room for more of a car but some Is there are just peeled it sort of becomes like a problem because then you got to stop putting in a bit more sustainable meal to possibly dirty foods to hold them. But I find when I do believe that protein that way down the cardio drops. They start adding some other Foods, you know, obviously cortisol goes way down but that response there. They just get leaner very quick. Yeah, so one of the things that I noticed I know Joe you you dove in a little bit to talk about fats, but one of the questions that we did have was in regards to the benefits of Quito and using fats for bodybuilding. He says teach us car before Joe. Well, there's something we'll save that for another nutrition act. I think we should probably do maybe a nutrition. nutrition episode every month and then maybe one way we search on like the chemicals and like the fun stuff like so we have like set topics for at least a couple of showers along so people can wrap their brains a little bit and same questions in how it works. I mean, I like that we're already over an hour. And I mean, I've only I could talk to you about an app for an hour about uric acid information and I've even got on to talking about the foods effects on like the blue blood pressure and those mechanisms of action. It's quite interesting when you dig deep into it and that's food. I mean you guys know that I don't do what when I supplement I own a supplement company, but I've got prescribed a ton it's not Is a corrective measure if someone's really bad and I haven't been able to do something with a diet diet is a long-term sustainable. We're in the supplements are almost like how can we get something back on track quickly, but it shouldn't be something like you rely on long long long long time. That's just my personal opinion some things when you pushing the envelope was a bodybuilder you going to ask you but it shouldn't be a continuous need and when people just using medications half that stuff can be fixed with diet and even natural supplementation. It's very it's just such a massive lack of understanding when it comes to what's going on in our body was regarding what we're putting into our mouths. I mean, I am going to pretend I know it all I learn something new every week. I mean just in disgust on Oxalis and like the Lord of Oxford Works oxalate sorry and foods contain Ox that's and we'll probably touch on that maybe in the next nutrition show, but I mean these are all things that don't even get talked about you know like people talk about the association I didn't want to interject want to talk about proteins and people say proteins to affect the kidney and blah blah blah and like I gave almost people not but some people might be susceptible but then you've got a you've just love proteins all together you know we know that something called purines does stress the liver improve purines are the breakdown of RNA and DNA or whatever that's consumed from proteins so so a muscle made might not contain as many but if you've got a diet rich in small animals like sardines Reserve anchovies things whereas greater amounts of RNA and DNA that need to metabolize you have more purines which will cause more stress on the kidneys so that will have a direct effect on someone who's that's also going to increase uric acid and risk of gout as well yeah and I do these some really interesting stuff on fructose uric acid I want to go into a metabolic Drum and damage to the kidneys and other peripheral another organs as well. So there's a ton that we haven't got through guys, but I just wanted to give you a little exploring on some of these things just to actually make you think and start questioning. What you each of you were doing. Wow Ram is no one talking about this gone to any other YouTube channel any any of the podcast any of the coaches, you know, no one's talking about this stuff. So, you know that you're going to get good. Coaching from these guys on here. These people probably knows a shit ton about this as well. There you go. So Cool. So are we good to go gentlemen? I think we've covered quite a bit this week. Yeah, I agree probably about an hour and 15 in right now. If you guys whatever the topic next week, I'm not talking just want you guys to know that that there's a gift going out to all of you in the form of special professor nuts depends on the way to Dom and Justin along with the case of Professor nuts for each of you. Just want you guys to know that and that will last awesome. Thank you. You know, but that's how we can talk about that next week. I actually ate. three-quarters of a container before you did this so and that by okay, so I just want to like that has nothing to do with dominant gonna tell you but if you watch I knew you were gonna say that Right. Yeah, I think I'm missing something big on this but I'll wait. Well, thank you the link to the latest edition of Matt. LeBlanc reverse is Professor notes. Okay. Yeah what? All right gentlemen. All right guys. Have a great day. All right you too, babe. Thank you. Have a good one guys. Bye. Do you think you have what it takes to be part of the most elite team out there if you've got the ad Gene then visit Farm Project A D dot me and apply now.