Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office. And still hasn't gotten to Japan yet. And as a former Sega employee, I got to say I'm incredibly happy to see the success of Sonic at the theater. I haven't seen it yet since I've been in India, but I can say all the social media posts on Facebook and Linkedin have all been pretty positive. So if you haven't see it go see it second update Final Fantasy 7 remake. Demo is out now and available on PlayStation store. So I would highly recommend if you Have them make it stop. Come on. It's not it's not actually happening. It's just it's a it's a mirage, but I'm downloading it. But I will see if it actually plays the wiring. Okay, so you can let us know how it is. Actually, I won't be back in the States until enough for another week. So it'll be you can let us know how good it is or we're not all right. I'll give my review cool as a third update in more unfortunate news DNA not to be confused. With Dena record loss 427 million of which was from A Loss on their games business the business got written down to 87 million DNA's primary titles include Mario Kart tour and Chinese mobile game Slam Dunk and I believe slam dunk is also a Japanese anime or Manga. So games industry dot Biz which reported this seemed to indicate. This may be due to a huge. Miss on Mario Kart tour. Those are the updates. Yeah, I don't really quite understand how they could do an impairment charge based upon Mario Kart tour, so I didn't do any research on this so I will bow out but I will say that this company was at 3500 Yen. And now it's like a fourteen hundred Yen, and it was all built around the hype around this relationship with Nintendo and clearly both this relationship is The disaster for both companies because they haven't come out with any good mobile games with the exception of the RPG. So anyway, that's really terrible. This is I mean, they put you have to understand when they do these type of relationships. They are out on the road talking to investors building it up building up the height giving them details. It's like it's a whole thing, right? It's a big deal for them particularly given where they were in the market for so these this failure for tendo to actually make money on mobile again with the exception of Fire Emblem is you know, they had a lot of there were a lot of the future of their company rested upon that so this impairment charge is a big deal for them. And so they kind of have to maybe rejigger the whole company and and start making games for themselves again, I suppose but anyway bad news for DNA and oh and one other mention that I want to do is so we keep on talking about the state of Vision and blizzard and this Call of Duty teams. I just ran into an old Sledgehammer guy and he had really nothing good to say back to Vision. But anyway, Jason bodell Banda who I don't know but he was a co-head of Treyarch has left the studio after 13 years. So look these guys have a deep bench. It's not like him leaving is going to like leave them in the Lurch, but they are right in the middle of like sprinting to the finish line for the next Call of Duty and I don't think this is a good it's I necessarily of things to come potentially and and again, I do think that this new this game is going to be rushed and the quality is going to be far less than last year's version which could be a big concern for Activision going forward. But Jason leaving is definitely not a good sign and and and has the potential of further Exodus right? Because basically the same thing that happened to Sledgehammer the two Founders leave and then they create their own Studios and they You all their people write something because they're loyal to the to these leaders. These leaders are big huge like personalities and people that people want to follow it and go and given all the funding that's going on right now with injuries and all the money that's being thrown around one one up and London Ventures and all the rest of them. Jason could start a studio in like five seconds, but I'm sure he's already getting calls constantly. So anyway another kind of You know people leaving the Activision ship right now. We'll see and we'll see how the game actually manifests itself this year. Yeah. All right next for the next bad news. Go ahead Joseph. Alright, so starting with our first article GDC 2020 has been canceled as everyone out. There are likely already knows and as reported by TechCrunch GDC 2020 has been canceled. So the conference organizers have announced that they plan. I had to reschedule for quote later in the summer in according to the article GDC organizers will be refunding conference and Expo attendees in full. So good news on that side, but I would say one slightly weird note about the TechCrunch article is that if you read the article URL it says GDC 2020 has been postponed. But the title at the time I read it then red Castle so looks like they did some back and forth on the title wording. I guess if There is no definite plan for a future date. And if that date May conflict with Gamescom and you have to reset all of your speakers, I feel like that would be more of a cancel rather than at postponed. I kind of feel like there's probably a good chance DC actually doesn't get postponed but actually just misses 2020. So, you know my take on this is that this all kind of played out a little bit weird. The other thing to note is that GDC did get cancelled just days after they were saying the conference would still go on, but it was starting to Come really obvious that the event just had to be cancelled after we start seeing more and more companies drop out. So, you know Facebook you need a supercell Microsoft game City epic, etc, etc. And there's a lot of discussion about in debate about whether GDC would be cancelled. We're not ahead of all the pullouts but I think the thing the guys who kept saying GDC won't be cancelled. We're missing. It's just really the legal liability issue, right? So simply put soon as the lawyers way in about liability from sending employees out. I think just having work at large companies before that's kind of obvious that the bigger guys were just going to have to pull out because of the legal issues and that in turn would force GDC conference organizers to cancel Adam and I were going to do a GGC talk together representing deconstructor fun, but we'll have to scrap that until the next DC or whenever in it's just really a bummer because GDC is one of my favorite car. Aside from Rovio Khan, which I was invited to you last year. I do think a lot of people are still going to be coming up to San Francisco who can't get travel routes funded. So if anyone wants to meet up with myself Eric and Adam, we're going to be around so let us know maybe we can hang out and then just to talk about the virus a little more because I know there's been a ton of talk about the virus from what I'm reading and hearing that CDC has said that the outbreak is definitely not containable. And it's just kind of going to kind of be a matter of time before this is just like flu season cold season and then we're going to have coronavirus season and there has been one confirmed case of coronavirus and SF Bay, so probably a good thing that GDC was canceled and public service message for you guys. That masts actually don't help you that much especially if you touch your face to just the mass I've been this is my expert so I'm not a doctor, but from what I've seen You actually get a masking it just a lot. It's really more about touching your face that be like putting your hand on a surface and it's like there's like someone coughs on it that virus can last for hours or days people are thinking hours, but they're not sure and then you touch your face and you can basically got it now. The the other thing I wanted to just talk about is that, you know, there's a lot of discussion about whether this thing is just going to blow over fast, but also wanted to just pause She late or to keep in mind a Black Swan scenarios. So wait a minute. Okay? Okay. Hold on a minute. All right, I have to stop you dude. Okay, just stop how can you claim to be an expert at the coronavirus there? You're like a lowly video game executive, you know, like that has no business. This is why Because we cancel shit in which things can spread in the u.s. Right? It's a like this thing's gonna blow over in like a few weeks or a few months or whatever. It's not that big a deal right stock markets going up again today. We're all good, dude. You know why because we're the US of a and we're good. So this is not the black plague. This is not like come on can't get over yourself. Dude. Stop talking out of your a hole and let's move on. All right, let's move gaming stuff Adam. What? You got you have any comment and EDC or not? There's not much more to say really I just think the weird thing is just the postponement, especially with gains common III during the summer. Like when are they actually going to be doing it in one of they going to get the attendants are yeah, I do think for GBC perspective. I think it is really sad because it is a great great environment for Indies and smaller people to talk about what's going on in the industry to meet with potential employees and and That stuff and I think that you know, that's kind of the serve that this thing has the service that this thing has for developers. And so it's kind of sad to see it go but my sense is there's just no way they're going to reschedule this like the logistics of that it seemed impossible right and not a mention. I don't even know if we're going to be out of the woods by by June or July or whatever in the summer. But again not I'll put my own GBC my own CDC had not GDC hat and say like, you know this thing could blow over during the summer months when when the hot heats comes but regardless, it doesn't matter. There's just no way. I think this is just going to be likely canceled and we'll come back next year. But as you said we are around so if anybody wants to hang out, we're going to be goofing around in the city. So let us know. All right, let's move on to the next article. So this one comes from sensor Tower state of weird games Rising Revenue in Emerging Markets main point here. Being on based on future modeling using the sensor Tower store until it is Data the mobile word game genre is poised to expand both as share of global downloads in its reach this year. That's quote from the article since it's our is basically just extrapolating the latest trend of increased revenue from word games that the category will grow roughly about 19% in the revenue year over year. What they're saying is fueling this is an increase of spend from a pack while u.s. Spending is actually done. Down a pack is spending as a percentage of category has gone up but this is odd to me like the big Aditi here. Is that looking solely at in-app purchase Revenue, which is weird for word games since they are definitely dominated by ad-based Revenue. So categorizing this the genre by the revenue just seems very very weird. These games are definitely built a lot closer to hyper casual design than typical in at models because we're games fundamentally don't really monetize all that. Well, And actually many have tried over the years to actually apply typical casual models like Candy Crush Saga to the genre and failed mainly due to mix of skill and luck in the core game. So really when looking at the category, we should just be looking at download growth globally and kind of inferring based on ad Revenue models there. They're reporting it will go up by about ten or seven percent on iOS and 33% on Google for downloads and that gives you a better idea of how the categories actually growing in comparison to say other hyper casual or a driven models and I would say really the one takeaway that I would push from this is that we're games overall have actually had a pretty good Resurgence over the last five years. You've likely seen it in the free downloads games like word escapes word collect for picked one word word search and this is mainly for I would say small wind developers are hyper casual developers because it's been this kind of like safe haven for smaller developers similar to say idle games. For companies like Colibri where it's a low CPI genre because no big guys can monetize their that can actually retain very effectively. We're games are known for actually having a pretty good retention curve. They can actually have effective live content because it's pretty cheap to produce and can be during my ad Revenue which feeds into casual games that of course would be bidding like crazy for these players. So it's low cost to produce games and low-cost to grow them. While there's been some small successes here, they can actually retain some of these small Studios for years and that's why I think scope Lee is actually trying this this genre with Scrabble grow Scrabble go and I we expect more casual companies to jump into the shoulder Eric. Yeah, actually, I wish I paid a little more attention to the article. I'm actually kind of impressed with sensor Tower going out on a limb here, you know and creating some forecast for like a genre good for them, but It kind of points out one part of their the problem with their data set is that they don't track the advertising stuff which is kind of the primary driver of this business as far as I understand it at least for for zynga's game, correct? Yeah. I mean the the monetization is really low like dollar to dollar RPI Revenue per install. Yeah. Yep in the striatum. So the latest thing that we're looking at is basically a Scrabble go from glue, right which is coming out soon this thing. Has got to be the record for beta though. This thing has been out in beta since 2017. I mean that is got to be a record, right? That's like almost that's three years. That's insane. It's actually two years. But anyway, but again these games there are all I really looked at his words with friends. I don't really know about the other games but like, you know, it's almost a hundred percent tier-one English for obvious reasons because their word games, right so and you know, I think they make money and I have a Stability in terms of user base, but I think the big upside for them is to figure out how to monetize it outside of advertising which no one seems to have done but Scrabble goes looking like a huge Improvement to Words With Friends. Certainly. It's a risk to Zynga going forward, but let's see if if a guy sees glue no, let's see if scope we can get this game out. I don't know if I said Nick, let's go play Let's see if they can get that out and and and Pete directly against words of friends. So I don't know it's interesting. I'm kind of happy that super date is kind of taking more of a proactive approach and and let's eat I'm sexy time. What's wrong with me this morning? Yeah, so I was thinking for a Ramblin Man You're rambling I am All right, cut it out there move on JK. Oh, actually I've got just one another here is I actually have been able to talk to the management teams a couple of these smaller word game companies and they were a little bit less optimistic in terms of their prospects. Like what I've been hearing is that when I talk to them they see the big winner is actually Facebook because Facebook is taking all their margins, but it's just a perspective on that. Facebook is taking their Market what? All that margin, right? Margin. Okay again, I find it hard to believe that any game that can't monetize better than $2 or share or two dollars an install his surviving out there. Give him this whole Market is basically you a Arbitrage right? And I don't know if you can acquire users for that little lady more even even forward game, but after the break epic question super data on Fortnight figures and Roblox raises. Hundred and fifty million dollars now valued at 4 billion that's coming up. Hey folks. Well, it's been a little over a year since we started this week in game segment on the deconstructor of fun podcast. And since that time we've used a bunch of different services and tools to help us manage the podcast from time to time. We do get questions about the type of services and tools that we use and so let me talk to you about one of the tools that we use which is Anchor and anchor is a really easy way to sort of make Make and distribute your podcast it's free. There's a bunch of creation tools allow you to record and edit the podcast and anchor will basically the main value is it will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and budget other services and it can also be used to help you make money by creating ads like this one with no minimum listenership. So if you are interested in making a podcast definitely suggest that you check out incre you can download the free. Anchor a poor go to incurred on FM to get started. Thanks everybody. Welcome back to Twig epic. So epic can't stay out of this freaking news fear here. So basically what the article is epic questions super data on Fortnight figures and basically the article summary is this is that super epic is saying that super data numbers are crap, right? And you know, ironically I didn't see them. Playing about super day two numbers when they are were up until the right. So I don't know why they're coming out here. And ironically I think I actually know the guy that was probably behind this. I'm sure Sweeney had his his ranting about about super data and they're reporting but I know the guy came from Activision that might be their true. Hey have been contributing to this. But anyway, I hope to reach out to him. But okay first off. I am not defending super data. I have heard from multiple industry sources that there. ETA is off by a huge margin on a regular basis and I can't I'm not testifying to the validity their whole methodology is based upon panel data as far as I understand it and panel data has a store historically been extremely inaccurate given all kinds of reasons. I'm not goes right now, but what I can defend is I think they are the only source and a decent source for Trends because if you You are have the similar methodology or the same methodology for every month. You may be inaccurate on a monthly basis, but you should be relatively accurate against your own data. So they are good in sense of predicting Trends and I have seen some of their data and it has predicted Trends pretty successfully generally speaking, you know for things like NBA and FIFA, etc, etc, etc. But for me, What I didn't like about the article was that you know, if you're going to criticize some data source on the data that widened and you're sitting on a my piles and piles of data on your game. Why don't you support it with some data, right? Why is it? Oh, yeah, they suck. Well, why do they suck you know, they have the ability to say something and throw data out there at Epic and say, you know, what's going on right is for died actually up year-on-year, you know, is that what? Opening Our January is numbers looking better than his story histories like as shown before, you know, is this season performing better than other Seasons just throw something out there to like, you know kind of defend your argument that super data sucks, you know, EA are Activision if this kind of data comes out, we're at least like throw out some bullshit stat like Mau or da you or engaged players or some other wacky staff to help support their argument, right? But instead all I do say is Super data sucks, right so it's not really all that and get interesting. And as I said before when they were up into the right, they weren't complaining about the super data accuracy. Right? So I'm not really sure to do with what to do with this information that they're providing us. You know, it's extremely it is extremely clear to me that Fortnight is down down a lot, right? It could be as much as 30 percent 50 percent year on year, depending on what time frame you're looking at, right and so for some actual numbers. Where's that? I do believe are relatively accurate if you look at like since it's our Afghani, I think the January is down anywhere between 40 to 50 percent from January 2020 is down forty to fifty percent from January 2019, right? That's not good. Right? They also delayed their season pass. So we'll see what February looks like the last three months are down 20 percent from the prior three months and they're basically averaging 15 to 20 million on mobile a month for last six months versus 40 to 50 million per month during their Peak. So things are not going up into the right. There are certainly going down and if you really want to criticize those that are trying to estimate the market then throw some data out there that can help support your argument. That would be what I'm saying. And what I will say is that for tonight's not doing well and I'll stick with that one the other comments. Mr. Adam. No, not really. It's just a Article just because both sides being pretty flawed and they just in general super data's approach is pretty sketchy and opinion sensor Tower tend to be much more accurate. I'd love for some of these articles through up things like margin of error on some of their data, but I know that would not make a sexy headline. But yeah, and it's just clear the epics trying to control the message around for nothing, but that's it. Yeah, I mean to be clear with anybody that hasn't been involved with this looking at this kind of space before they're basically is no resource for Digital Data like this. Like free-to-play stuff that's on the stores whether it's PC console. And so the only source you know, there's M science and gibbet which do kind of a same type of thing a credit card panel that has its own to be a little bit more accurate to some degree, but they don't they don't actually well actually, I don't know if that's true or not, but they don't try to do a holistic view of the market and all games are really focused on specific type of games and specifically geared more towards them. Stirs but super data tries to Aggregate and as a side note super data was acquired by damn it. I knew I was going to forget the Nielsen no Nielsen and the founder of super data just left. So perhaps he's our new stadium with Treyarch. There you go. Perhaps things are not going so well with that acquisition and maybe their data set is actually getting weaker. I don't know but but the fact that he left so early I imagine working for a big company like meal. Olson would be quite quite a change for something like that because he was a pretty much of an option where I really like that guy actually never been a little bit anyway, so perhaps that's part of it too. Maybe they're, you know declining quality of their data knows so many Right Moving on. All right last article Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million dollar series G led by Andreessen Horowitz now valued at 4 billion. So in summary on And getting platform Roblox just raise that hundred fifty million further. The companies will open a tender offer for up to 350 million of common and preferred shares and some quick stats on Roblox 115 million monthly players largely gen Z has over 2 million active developers that earned a hundred ten million in 2019 up from 70 million in 2018 and its user base spends 1.5 billion hours. Hours per month on its service. Also recently Roblox has been developing a lot of additional tools for the developers, especially catered towards more realistic 3D experiences and their marketplace where creators can sell tools to their deaths. So last year Roblox is valued at 2.5 billion. And with this recent funding is now the valued at 4 billion as per the article title. Anyway, great to see more success from Roblox. I'm a fan my kids are fans and we've also Or some stuff with them. I think we've got more stuff. We're going to record with Roblox as well. I don't oh, yes, we are going to be talking I hope so. Will you heard back from them? Yes, go ahead - okay. So so my take on this is all great Roblox is killing it as usual and the only kind of problem not a problem not really an issue with Roblox, but kind of one issue is just that we've been making fun of these if investors you seem to be flooding. Into these key themes like Sandbox game Platforms in my fear is that in this specific category that given the success of Roblox the category will likely get over invested and kind of like if you're going after the kids Market you're going to have to compete against Roblox for the kids and young adult sort of Creator audience. And if Microsoft ever makes it someone platform for Minecraft, but then on the adult side, I think this type of no code. Code sandbox stuff is great for kids, but I don't think it really makes a lot of sense for adults. I mean, I think a lot of adults have jobs May lack the creativity of younger kids. So I just don't think some of these deals targeting an older created greater audience. I don't know. I'm just very skeptical. So I'll just leave it at that. What's your take guys? I mean but on the craving side like it's a 95 5% rule, right? I mean 5% create and 95 consume type thing. I mean like probably even me. Oops Yeah. Yeah, you don't need a lot of people to help build the content as much as you need people to consume the content. And so again, I've said this before I think their biggest challenge is to get older but you know attract more older audience and maybe Manticore starts taking that audience away from them. I don't know. But anyway quickly, I'm relatively uninformed on this. I think I will talk to you nobody and reason soon so to get some kind of color, but generally these type of rounds like late in the I go particularly when there is profitable is these guys are these are just people cashing out right? These are like either early investors or likely employees like senior level employees that are cashing out some of their Equity because there's no way they actually need this money and I'm not really even sure if they really need injuries and all that much but so I'm happy for all the new millionaires out there that are in a little jealous that I'm not participating frankly, but you know investors want to 350 million right and they settled 450. Kind of which shows the demand for these type of companies out there, but I imagine the company wanted to keep it kind of light because they want their know they want their company. They want their employees to be rich, but they don't want to be fuck you rich and leave right? So they got to keep people motivated with their Equity. So they only can cash out a certain amount of their shares. I would imagine as Polly what happened. But anyway good for Roblox good for the employees good for the shareholders. I guess the only concern I have is you know, now they're worth four billion. They have to live up to that valuation, right so they have to continue to grow and scale and and get get more and more profitable and but I think kind of their trajectory, you know, if they solve some of the challenges they have ahead of them. They likely will be able to get to that valuation very easily and he's Adam anything. Hmm. Not much. I would just say on the Product strategy around these kind of like sandbox games, right? Like if we look at Minecraft, I've heard rumors that things like for tonight. We're actually specifically targeting that audience is saying what would happen if the Minecraft audience got older what types of games would they play next that was mainly for night save the world not Battle Royale so you kind of get a sense of how well that worked for them. But I think also if the Minecraft side you have Microsoft trying to build out a whole bunch of sandbox games right now you are getting a little bit of a An older audience we covered that slate before but a lot of those sandbox games could be seen as targeting like elapsed Minecraft players. Also, there is just the recent game called Dreams by the Little Big Planet team get their name. But yeah that game kind of gives like a pretty deep toolset PS4 PlayStation only it's been getting some headlines. I've enjoyed playing it but I have its Playstation only it's a limited audience. Look I questioned anything that's Sony tries to do. On the online front, right? They really have no software as a service to speak of I've been doing this big project for an investor on next-gen hardware and I think Saudis biggest risk just in general is that they have no capability internally despite the thousands and thousands of people that have in their Studio or to build like software as a service which is like a common. I mean, they don't have people that could build FIFA or anything like GTA or anything like even Rainbow Six the game like that. It's like It's like unbelievable that their studio art doesn't have that. That's where I think Microsoft may win in the back half potentially is if they can build something out of Minecraft that it can appeal to a broader audience Beyond like the court gamer and create, you know early metaverse type thing around the Minecraft franchisor. They partner with other companies like Manticore Monte kwinter value call that you know, I think Microsoft is definitely for the long on on creating and building these Type of models not only not only the creation model but also subscription models Etc. So anyway, I'm just been thinking about this a lot of the last couple weeks and it's just really interesting. So Sony has a huge advantage in the first three years the cycle given all the content that they have but in terms of where the where the puck is heading. I think there's a lot of risk there. Yeah, we covered that in the past as well talking about the Microsoft slate thinking and whether Sony's capabilities will ever catch up to them and if knee if there is a service that comes out the only risk that would come as if say Microsoft home at service pulling players away from the Sony ecosystem. Otherwise, if it's really trying to be a major service they're going to end up having to be on every platform including Sony right now. That's true. But if I was at Microsoft for a day, I mean I would just build the most compelling experience possible for Minecraft on Xbox group Sony. I am peace course and try to own that. And build out that that capability and I think if I'm reading into this late enough, they should be focusing a lot more on sandbox games and I think a few of those next slate games are trying to Target that and we're trying to shift some of the developers towards sandbox. But yeah if my recommendation for Sony is to acquire Roblox, but there's no goddamn way that Roblox would have anything to do with Sony right? I mean, it's like, you know, there's just no way I don't care what money they have to spend on a certainly Sony's not a Aggressive enough to do that anyway, because they're resting on their own success at this point. But I mean, that's what's going to be interesting. The Dynamics of this next cycle is to whether content like this can actually expand the demo outside of the core and and build the platform and a lot of people think that PC is the platform, you know, with excessive Fortnight and mobile and all this other stuff but console offers a lot of benefits to the consumer, so if you can create a great Variants there for broader audience. I think people will come similar to what happened with the Wii and the PS2 and you know, I think in the back up that's what we're going to be looking at as these tools come to Market, but that's a whole other discussion and the something I'm starting to think about. All right. That was quick one. Yeah. Thanks. I guess I guess when we meet when Michigan's not here, the only one that's rambling is me. So yeah, maybe that's all energy levels are down. A bit maybe. We're just all sad about GDC. I'm sad. I always look forward to GC who is a great week. Well, maybe they'll be some more triggered headlines next week about weenies coming right for you directly for you. Oh my God. Okay. Anyway, have a good week guys, and we will chat soon. Bye.