Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water. Fabulously over-the-top as ever now as you would expect to somewhat triumphant mood. Cross all of the media's today, but first before we get to that news that Eden Hazard is traveling to Dallas as we speak to have his ankle operated on it's expected to take place this Thursday. It is known if he will recover in time to play before the end of the season many key performances on the night. What about the quota that I really could have been Mariano's he was questioned about his goal and finally seeing a mineral to of action and he said with a hint of irony. Irony and humor is I'm very happy to have made my debut. What about the media views of individual performances thibaut courtois praised for basically saving Madrid in the first half Val Verde again left nothing on the pitch nullified any significant threat from The Young. Tony Cruz has a performance led to even more questions aimed at Sudan as to why actually he was left out of the game against Manchester City casimiro impeccable varam was perfect is scope. Concentrated in a sewer droll and even carbajal had again to the doubters back in their box Ramos was consistent and Marcelo had the best game of the season and another reminder that he isn't ready to throw in the towel on his Madrid career just yet the anyone had a quiet night though was Karim Benzema up. What about the few of sedan after the game? He said the first half we didn't reach the level that I want is we matched them. It was different though in In the second half we were very good offensively excellent as we applied all of the pressure we deserve to win for all of the works that we put in. These are three very important points on vinicius. He said he deserved a big goal in a big game. He wasn't just good with the ball, but defensively he was excellent as well. I'll Mariano. He said I'm glad for him. It isn't easy because he hasn't played very much. Why no Jovovich. Well, he said I made the decision because I'm the one that makes the decisions Plato couldn't have said it better himself the captain's View at halftime. He said we changed we put more pressure on Barcelona high up the field. This is a big win for us. But there is still a lot more football left before La Liga is one about thibaut courtois. Well, it wasn't that long ago. This is future was a topic of discussion with Donna rumors name in the frame to arrive in the summer last night saw. Another landmark for him. He kept second clean sheet against Barcelona season, and this isn't a regular occurrence. The last time it happened 1974-75 when Johan Cruyff captained Barcelona prior to that only twice before in the history of meetings as it occurs, 35 36 and 1957-58. So good night for him staying on the records front vinicius now the youngest player ever to score in El Clásico were messy. Did it back in 2007? He was 26 days older than vinicius back to marry our dough. Will there be a renaissance for him this season while the media picked up on the Sudan's comments? He is the third striker of the team. He did. Well, there's nothing changes some of the Italian press reporting how close Milan came to signing him last some of the move collapsed Madrid wanted to sell him Mariano didn't want a permanent move. Just wanted a loan, Monica and roma Came in and tried to sign it now Pecos comments about Real Madrid being the worst. He's ever faced received plenty of coverage in the first half. He said it was the worst Madrid. I have ever faced we missed a chance to hurts them. This is a missed opportunity for us ramus reply was simply said everybody is entitled to an opinion Cristiano. Ronaldo was back for the night. He got the heroes recession plenty of video and pictures doing the rounds. And of him celebrating the vinicius go. However, he did what the Press of called a bail in other words. You left 10 minutes before the end of the match and in this Marianas goal. I look now the knives in numbers overall Barcelona had the majority of possession of 55.9 Madrid. They're creating more chances 13 to 9. The passing quality from both was significant 88 percent completion for Madrid 89 percent for Barcelona turn. Crews ended the night with a 100% success rate 64 passes made 64 completed successfully 7 Madrid players had attempts on goal on the night. Jr. Isco and Mariana all On Target not a shot on target for Benzema tonight most of the attacks as we know coming down the left-hand side with vinicius 12 runs producing for crosses for him as the Dan alluded to before his overall performance vinicius that in presti had 22 one-on-ones. He won six of them of Iran had a good night as well. He successfully cleared everything that came his way in terms of winning possession back for Real Madrid carbajal one every tackled that he made six times. He won possession back in the defensive third three times in Midfield overall though. Casimiro out did everybody in that respect ten times? One-possession back for Real Madrid during the course of that 90 minutes. And so then after 14 games this year so far since January the 4th Madrid now have the week to recover before the trip to Real Betis next weekend vital few days. Then these forces Dan and his Squad to rest recuperator and recharge the batteries that wraps it up then for today's review. I'll be back later in the week as the build-up toward the And begins, don't forget you can catch up with all of the news of the season so far by the website at www.prairiepathcycles.com, or to Anchor dot f m-- Spotify iTunes Google Stitcher election all of the major platforms for the moment then from eitan cabel. Bye for now.