Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista. Lou and we've been talking about her new book teaches versus Tech the case for an ed Tech Revolution and it's an absolute cracker. So daisy, as you can imagine was fantastic about all the details of that book. So look forward to that one coming up soon. And also I need some time in your schedule to speak to our first returning guest which is Tom sherrington. He'll be talking to us tomorrow about the teachers walkthrough book and it's coming out just in time of the launch will be research Ed Blackpool and also in this even busier than normal week. I'll be speaking at research Ed Birmingham this weekend. So I need to make sure that I'm prepared for that as well. So just literally the interview but what a great interview is with Omar. So if you get settled in and ready for another natter where I will be talking to teachers just talking to teachers teacher development trusts action learning. From the team at tdt on best practice CPD with the research. Miller's Netter just talking to teachers Ok, so hello and welcome to the podcast. How are you feeling? You're right. Yes good. Thank you. And we're recording this and it might seem like a distant memory by the time this goes to air but this is the day of storm Kira. So we've discussed enough hair weave had interesting days in Blackpool and and Birmingham respectively. Yes, we have we have I was woken up at 4 a.m. Banging wheelie bins all over the place. I was just like oh God what is going on here? But yeah, it's been an interesting one. It certainly has and let's say We're kind of in a little now. So we're on the Sunday evening a nice gentle Sunday evening discussion. So we'll start off with we're talking about your book and we're talking about bad school leadership and what to do about it, but from the introduction to the book you talk a little bit about your 15 years teaching experience across for school. So just tell us a little bit about that. Yeah, so I'm in my 14th year of teaching called across all schools in Birmingham. I've done some supply of a very long time ago as well or what's called have been inner-city Birmingham and fully so I've got quite a wide experience. I was a union rep as well for five years probably about six years ago. Okay, okay, so lots and lots of experience that have gone into this book. So we kick off and get straight into the book and you say this book is about the mismanagement of the system. So what do you mean by this? I mean, I'm referring to anything that kind of that is not the external factors. Okay, like for example the school system being very Target driven. That's an external Factor. That's external pressure the way School leaders deal with that. However, that's that. the kind of management of the system so the book discusses anything kind of internal like that which which the school leaders have a direct responsibility for So like for example, we don't we can't choose our Target grade so given to us but how we kind of get our stuff and our kids more importantly to achieve those that's controlled by the school leaders. So it's more about what the school leaders do. Rather than the kind of the external factors that influence that pressure of school and I've certainly so in terms of kicking off the book and you go on and to get off the book by talking about relationship building and a nice little segue into 80s pop Legend Rick Astley actually, which obviously got goes down well with this audience, let me tell you definitely we've got some, you know, some of the 80s vintage hotels important tell us how important you think that relationships empathy and communication are for leaders. I mean for in my If you work harder for leaders that you have a better relationship with you, you know them better and you and you're just you're willing to go out of your way a bit more for leader that you know, and and respect unlike. I believe the way those relationships are built or through empathy communication and also and having a good sense of humor as well like empathy. For example, I remember my my first Deputy head when I was in cutie, like I received some really really bad news. News on a school day and he pulled me up for me to the science that look if you're not fit to teach you can go home, you know, and I remember thinking you know what that was such a such a nice gesture and some of the things I've heard from other school leaders from other teachers about their school leaders. There's no empathy whatsoever Communications. Also big one. I mean you hear a lot about teachers being publicly chastised disrespected somebody on Twitter told me the other day singular. I said openly in the corridor. What if they just can't cut it here the free to leave, you know and things like that. They really devote trust I think sense of humor is good because it puts teachers in a good mood, you know, because there's a lot of factors working against those which can lower our more. Well, so III like a senior leader that makes you laugh and briefing for example, and that can really set you off on a positive for the day. No, absolutely. I was just thinking about my head teacher at the moment and he's certainly got that and it is very very positive in terms of the kind of discussions. He has me thinks that briefing is a really important channel to kind of Infuse and engage and you know motivate the staff. So he really does use that in terms of you know, empathy and communication particularly, you know, do you think that it is quite challenging if you know for senior leaders to make sure that they always communicate, you know, every decision to everybody and what a kind of the best channels to do that are you a fan of you know email Example or would you prefer face-to-face conversations or a little bit mixture of both? I think a mixture of both is fine. I mean because if you teach it a really big school, it's like you can't get everybody together and all the time and kind of be as personable as you as you might want to be. So a mixture of both. I think the important things are first met in person than that's kind of more fitting for a big school now definitely definitely so we might come back to some of the themes on that number. Let's move into the chapter way talking about observations. Now. I've kind of gone. I've kind of Gone full circle on this one on my let me tell you so I'll give you my kind of picture on this and obviously, you know, we'll listen to yours for from the book. So I was quite in favor of observations around, you know, 15 20 years ago when I was doing an AST jobs are quite like people to come in and observe. I like to go out and comes with people. We almost had a kind of checklist to hesitate say perform against but the certainly was certain things that was be included and then as I became in charge, It research School looked like the evidence based movement and really moved away from certainly, you know graded lesson observations in anything kind of punitive, you know, it's times of versions for appraisal for example, but just recently I feel as if I've moved a little bit back towards, you know, observations being useful in terms of you know, developing teachers as long as the conducted in, you know, espirit of openness and trust and it's a two-way process then you know, they can be a good thing. So in the book why I really like about your chapters as you have It went well and ebi at the kind of every chapter so talked about observations. And what are the wwwwww is on the eBay is here. I think I'm in favor of a body style observations where your trial out you're watching somebody with the aim of guide them you learning from them and then learning from you and it's all developmental. I'm in favor of those and I think teachers should do a lot more. I think we should get more time to kind of just sit with another member of staff and say well what how do you teach this? So I'd like to come and see you sometime. You know, I thought in my book I discuss the kind of there is sometimes well more often than is necessary. I think there's a need to be punica tea with observations. It's like there's a need to say something when I don't think anything needs to be said and I mentioned the knobs Ovation hashtag and it's hilarious. I recommend everybody go on this on Thursday as hashtag knobs of a Shinobi so because of an end and observation right after it. It so I'm just gonna actually I'm going to read you one of these. I just I thought they were ridiculous. Like how we go has one. I won't say the name just in case of his my hash tagging observation told me my jumper was too similar to the school uniform and I need to stand out and it says I'm a six foot tall man at a girls school. Okay first really there's another one that's like observation. I got pulled. My lesson would have been outstanding if I had removed the deadpan from the back of the classroom. That's it down there so many of these and they're all believable. They're all believable. I mean, I've heard a few things in my time to you know, and I just think that if that's taking place then stuff are going to have a negative view of them. I mean, it's not about I'm not I'm not saying we don't conduct observations. I'm just saying it's like you see it's nothing's needs to be said why you looking for trouble, you know, it's a I don't understand that definitely. Definitely. I was just thinking that if I got any plants The back of my classroom. I was just thinking then I got told once there was this this is a very long time ago. There was a stain on the window and they were they mentioned that although I'm not too sure what you want me to do about this. What why are you telling me this? You know, it's like come on honestly. So in terms of the good the good parts of observations you made a couple of things there, but if you look into for so let's say that you're you know a school leader now that's involved in you know, let's not the patient's for whatever purpose hopefully Well, maybe around appraisal but because you're looking to you know, improve teachers pedagogy and practice what kind of even better if so, could you offer for observations always developmental observation? Yeah for development of observation who? And if you both agree why you're there. I think I think there has to be some meeting of the minds as to why you're there, you know, so, okay. So if I say, okay, I need to learn how to do XYZ activity and I want to see you do that. You know, I think if there's some kind of some kind of meeting of the minds as to why you're there and then you can then do this you can and reciprocate the same thing. They could be improved that way if that's focused. Okay, like a lot of schools. For example do Michael research where you're actually outright your trialing something in the classroom. And I think that's a good way of its kind of directed and I think that's a good way of developing staff. Yeah, definitely. I've got one of your what went well to you. So do what you normally do. We're not trying to catch you out from the SLT. Yeah that what went wrong. Yeah, www-what went wrong. Yeah, do what you normally do will not trying to catch you out. Like if you say that and then you're talking about a dead plant in the room or the font of a PowerPoint. It's like well, it's just it's hard to believe that When you're giving that as feedback like to me, it looks like you are trying to catch catch me out. If that is the case, you know, and I think the more that happens the more trustee roads and and it just becomes a flawed thought process definitely and what what one that kind of ring true with me. And again, it's in it's in the book is the the after the observation every teachers most loved and hated question usually follows. How do you think it went? Yeah, yeah. Yeah because it's the case of okay. So how do I answer this? Do I have to act like I know what went well or do I have to say okay, or do I have to or is there a need for me to appear to be hard on myself and say oh we went terrible and then just lift all the bad bits. You know, I'm not against that question though. I'm not a good start as a question. It's good to be a reflective practitioner. No, definitely. Okay. So move it move into the next chapter. We've got learning walks and we've also got a deception walks and what I like and I really like this really Snappy and urine tests. So, you know, I'm sure and for those of you who haven't yet read about we don't think we're literally talking about urine tests. But how can we ensure visits to lessons are beneficial for everybody? Yeah. I use the your interests as an example because if you're inspired and there's nothing wrong with you, they don't tell you and some learning walks. Like that to like no news is good news, but when it's bad news, then they'll tell you you know, and I think look if you see good practice uses you should say that there should be some kind of even just a two-line email saying, oh we really liked what we saw today, you know the not wait for you to do something. They don't like and then they actually you know, what you can you come to my help is at the end of the day and the other example, sorry, what did you mention? I'm stylish deception walk. Yes. That's the book. I talk about that because it's like, okay. So what is the length? With what's the time duration for a learning walk? I mean to me it's 10 minutes max and you hear about some places. They're doing the doing the learning walk called some quotes and it's lasting 25 minutes and they're giving written feedback and it was unannounced and it's like hang on a second that's not alone in book couple observations and then it would that brings us to okay. Do what you normally do. We're not trying to catch you out. It's like well you said it was a lot of work. Okay, and there's some schools that get I mean what they end up doing is they they have a list of questions. She's off the pupils and the the questions cuz there's so many it will take so long for the for the kids to answer them. So they end up being in the room for a long time and they use the questions as an excuse It's like I mean that's deception. That's not transparent. I can transparency which transfers change that transparency is something that all staff want and I think that's better for well-being and just generally the for the productivity of a school Yes, like a lack of transparency erodes trust. Yeah, I mean ultimately that's kind of what I'm trying to say. And I'm just thinking my talking there in terms of communications. I'm just reflecting on account of my own practice. So one thing that I do try to do it as a deputy and it is quite a quite a small school. It's not a makes not a big school, but I try to get into every lesson at least once a day for can but purely you know for one of the pupils to see me out and about in the school and see how we getting on and secondly it for staff to know that we are available up. Eligible and in classrooms the certainly no written feedback that goes with that the certainly no judgment coming you mentioned the back, you know, if they send an email later saying that someone's doing a worksheet and you know, who you think I Am David Blaine or something, you know, hahaha. Yeah, there's no that so how do you kind of balance the idea that SLT is good faculty to be seen by purples and and the staff but not too much. I mean, it's all about transparency. I mean if there was a lot of work being done and if learning walks on the norm of that school, then that then that's fine. I think what the the problems only come is when they are kind of heavily punitive. Kind of how can I say this? I'm deceptive cumulative and deceptive. I think those two if they're like that then it's not going to work. I mean, that's salty. Should I be saying this? Yeah, I'll say they come into my room all the time and I've got no problem with it whatsoever. But I have known of teachers at other schools who NFL team will arrive and that basically what I just said about book that that will happen, you know, and I think if they focus on the kids as well, that's a good thing. Cuz I lost a lot of leaders will come in and say okay. Those are speak to a couple of kids or what are you doing? How's it going? What are you learning? I've got no issue with that, you know. No, that's the kind of thing that you know, certainly I would try to do is just get in and and again just for the staff, you know, because part part of my responsibilities like perlier purely personal note is to look at you know behavior for learning. So I'm going in there to kind of reinforce to the staff that were available, you know, in case there's anything that we need to be looking at as well as you know asking to people so they getting on so hopefully the staff know the reason for that, but you're absolutely right. Thanks. I mean, I actually yeah just about tracks of not backtrack. So just to just mention that again I mentioned that The book actually that learning works inherently on that bad things and stuff and it's actually a good way to show stuff that they're supported pretty much what you've just said, so inherently, they're not a bad thing is when they're conducted in a in a punitive or deceptive fashion, then it's problematic. That's just like want to say that I absolutely agree with what you've said that sometimes we kind of assume a senior leaders that people know the reasons our teachers know the reason of this and actually what you said at the beginning in the first chapter about that communication, its Really important to all for communicate the reason that you're doing things so that everybody is comfortable with it. Yeah, a completely hundred percent under percent agree. And if there's like a thick sheet or something what they're expecting to see in the loading walk then share that with you would staff because sometimes they'll be a tick she and stuff won't even know. There's a tick sheet. It's like well, how did we can understand what I'm saying? Is that not deceptive. So you're looking for something but you're not you're not telling me what you're looking for the first Preschools and I'd imagine in primary schools. That would be the SATs then. I don't think they should be checking your seven books at that time. But a lot of schools will so if you're focusing if you're focusing on something basically, you can't focus on everything why detract from your focus for the sake of procedure? I mean if you want staff to kind of really put their energy into something then don't distract them with something else you creating your own problem. You know, I mean, I was around about your 11 time. I want to be around after school with kids say, you know, can you explain this to us sir? And I want to be able to drop everything so you know what? Yes I can and and that's what I should focus on. My should not be worrying about how much green purple pen that settles in my book in their box rob, you know, and by the way, I'm not speaking in the present. I'm just speaking like in general terms. That's that's not what a teacher would want to do. It doesn't make sense. It's interesting. What there is this need to kind of stick to procedure? Yeah at some places. Yeah, I wonder whether and again this is just sort of a follow-up question. Do you know the sort of the proliferation of leadership teams that's happened over the last six seven eight years where you got an awful lot of use the assistant head teachers need possibly got, you know reduced numbers of deputies of the head and maybe executive head and a lot of assistant teacher seem to have lots of different. Possibilities and there's a feeling and a need and it's nobody's fault this that to justify the position. They need to push the thing that they're in charge of around that 80 and meeting as you outlined there and perhaps you've got somebody who is responsible for you know, the marking policy in year 7 so they don't feel that they really have to make sure that that is done to kind of justify the existence of their position and you to feel as if that that kind of drives holds Good policy that pit there's lots of people in the same boat, but they're not necessarily Row in the same direction. Yeah, no, I can't I see what you mean, but then they need to work together. And because if they're if they're going to be whole school priorities, then ultimately it's going to be you have to sideline some things for one thing. That's my understanding of it. Okay, so it's going to move into the next chapter on Behavior. We're not going to dwell to longer on Behavior because you know, we kind of chat it off there and behaviors, you know, such a contentious issue that you know quite often you could fill an entire podcast just talk. About behavior and being, you know further down the road. So just one little part from each chapter on Behavior. So when in doubt blame the teacher for not engage in to Learners, do you feel as if this is common I think it's common enough to be discussed. It was common enough for me to put it in my book. There is this idea to dwell by if your kids are not behaving you are not doing something right now. I believe there is a link between planning. The behavior in the classroom. There's a link like for example, just to just a quick example if you take if you haven't got your worksheets where you're about to hand out worksheets, by the way, there's nothing wrong with worksheets as long as the whole lessons not worksheets, you know, but we can't demonize worksheets if you're about to hand out worksheets and you've put them at the side somewhere. You don't know where you put them and you've got a class which is going to chat. Then you're kind of giving them that time to chat inadvertently because you weren't ready. Then you're going to cause low-level disruption. Right, and we've all done it but but to make it the link as well. Basically what I'm saying that bad school leaders do I think that that's kind of destructive destructive I've heard of teachers have told me. Okay. So why don't you see told me she sent for she sent for an SLT when they came they said oh what you doing? And she said what she told me what they were doing and and and the the school day to look there and said, hmm. I'm not too sure. I behave for that lesson. I basically telling her outright that you are responsible for the behavior in your class. And this is after the when the classical completely out of control and the and the assault he's laying there and then a teacher on sort of told me this. You know, yeah, I mean, it's just a shot in take a breath when people say things like that because you just think really I mean really, yeah, I mean it's kind of touching isn't it? It's very much. So it's like it's like it's almost you don't you're trying your hardest to blame the teacher, you know, at least of a phrase that police were knocking around and used to use it kind of not in a good way in research School courses, which was you know, is your lesson worth behaving for anything. That's just such a bad phrase. You know is LOL. Sorry. Yeah, I mean this is kind of so that is directly blaming the teacher. It links nicely to I mean I've said to you before previously and I've shared your books or your previous book, which is the unofficial teachers manual what they don't teach on training or teach training and yeah, I mean we use that a lot. We thank you tease and itt's when I was responsible for them and it is something that still comes through now, that's nobody you're not blaming any particular training route for this. But there is still a feeling, you know, particularly amongst newer teachers that it's almost your lessons need to be engaging need to be, you know, really pay cities have lots of different activities in there just to make sure that the people behave and that that kind of line of is your lesson was behaving for as come directly at the conversations. I've had with trainees and new churches. I've heard the same thing I've either should I say this I've experienced the same thing. I've experienced the same thing as that in my earlier days of teaching. So when I was in QT, I've experienced that. All people of but I mean, you know, everybody sort of comment like there are some things in and you suggest a few of these things which you know, I've just gone to a new school and I'm teaching I've gone straight and started at Christmas as a deputy headteacher a year 11 class. And actually I've gone back to a lot of stuff that you're talking right here. So when you talk about planning for Pace, you don't talk about planning for pays for palette for pity's sake and for engagement you talk about, you know, making sure that there's end there's no dead time in lessons smooth transition from activity to activity. I like the one about videos and it's basic stuff, isn't it? It but yeah, it can make such a difference and I found that as almost feeling like a tank UT for the last sort of three or four weeks that how do I get this smart board to work because it's different to the one previously. I haven't practiced it and you can feel the lesson derailing slowly. So there's a difference between being organized and planning for pace and just do it activities for activity 6 Yeah very much so very much. So because then you end up and somebody approved was saying this yesterday go here under you end up doing stuff as you said for the sake of doing it for the sake of Engagement, but it has very little learning value and you can't do that either. So is there's always that fine line between okay do something that is that is engaging but also to something that works, you know, okay, so if we just move on to talk about meeting so again, I mean, I like we did with Rick Astley earlier on and urine tests and now we have the bolt Meeting so tell us a little bit about what that is. Yeah Botox many things so there will be a meeting calendar in but you've got nothing to do in that being so little leaders of senior leaders would have decided that whoever it is. I haven't officially got something to do with that being so we'll invent something to do with that being something unnecessary, you know, like for example like that, I believe the example given in the book is you can moderate a test from five months ago, you know, and I both are coming basically You're filming thing. You're just taking up the time and the thing I've advised against his will just give staff their own time, you know did just give stuff time to do their own stuff if it's possible to do that. I mean wrong problem and I'm feeling the time rather than just filling the time for the sake of putting the time. I've heard this throughout my career where people are saying, oh there's a meeting tomorrow. Not sure what to do in it. Okay. Don't steal the meeting place. Stuff do something else? Yeah. It's so true. I mean a lot of schools and you know that this this podcasters is still sponsored by a teacher development trust the teacher on the trustees some great work in CPD, but I think some schools that have moved to sort of weekly two-hour slots on CPD, you know, I've been privy to conversations around that what we've got holes go priorities. We've got middle leaders. We've got the yeah Scott an hour spare there what shall we do with our and you can imagine, you know exactly what you've said in the book there that people are kind of hanging around departments. Just making I'm sure that nobody comes to do go do a spot check the anybody's dad go home before the dreaded five o'clock deadline. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, that's all talks meeting though. That's definitely what I'm gonna take forward. Yeah, that's better meetings. Botox me. Yeah, something like that. That's brilliant. Okay right onto again at a theme that we talked about and and I've kind of name-checked your previous book. So, you know, you're really at the Forefront of stuff with mqts and new teachers. So how would we best support and cuties? And how do we make sure that the end up like the the one with cycling in and looking so happy teaching in the recruitment of it? Yeah, haha. Yeah, definitely. Definitely I think as school leaders and the way School leaders can support and kitties is probably but it's been three things that I've mentioned. The first being is to decrease the paperwork for that. So there's a lot of entities that a lot of schools are making a lot of kind of evidence folders which are not too dissimilar from the PC folders. But the local authority of those schools actually doesn't want all of that paperwork, but the schools are still doing it. Okay, so so then their time ends up getting spent on just collecting evidence, which they are much of which they've already proven as a PC think we'll why you wasting their time like that. That would be the first thing you'd like it. It should be the minimum whatever the minimum the leaa the local Authority wants that should that's what the incubation do paperwork wise. That's what I believe. And the other thing I was going to say was it's who their Mentor is I speak to a lot of entities on social media and one common theme is my mentor don't get on well and so lentils to have any critical they've got an axe to grind and not very good at relationship building and I think that that's quite significant if the mentals above one early in the career that kind of stays with the teacher. You know what I've seen and I mean when I'm entering into these I always say lat you have to prioritize what goes on in your classroom that has to be number one even marking has to be second or third or fifth but prioritizing the lesson has to be the main thing and I think they really need to draw that up getting their routines established their relationships with their class. I don't want the making making big portfolios of evidence of things. I mean, I think I think absolutely right and these this It with the other careers framework and we've been looking Blackpool to be kind of at the Forefront of the rollout for that and it's highlighted the importance of the mentors role because you're right that you know, a lot of Mentor relationships with with trainees or mqts do fall down and quite often again. It's back to the thing it started with its around communication and it's an extra bolt on usually to responsibilities that the mentors got surrounding like a head of department or second departments and they find it difficult to give the trainee or the in QT the time. Yeah. Absolutely. There's a profession we need to recognize that mentoring new teachers is probably one of the most important jobs and I was argued for that being much more important than the assistant head teacher for data, but that's a different story. Yeah. No, definitely definitely that mean that because II completely agree with you, but because I'm not familiar with time restrictions and things because I'm not a school leader myself. I don't know how much time they can give a mentor so I didn't comment on it, but I do know they can choose a mental and it's on them to choose the right person. And I'm not convinced they always do that. They pick the person. Okay, they've got a free then let's pick them. Yeah, nothing. I think you're right. Yeah terms of time allocation and I don't think it's a conscious thought through decision much of the time. No, I don't think it is. And if you look at you know schools that have been successful with bringing trainees in a really kind of book The National trend of you know, falling Route 4 in numbers of teachers in schools because they kind of get a culture where they grow their own teachers and then it's a knock-on effect that that you know, teacher training providers want to use them. So actually, you know time spent with new teachers is really really beneficial and towards the end of time at the last school. I was You know, I was being line managed by people that I trained, you know, three four, five six years ago, which is great, isn't it? That's really really good. And that's what you want. Yeah. No, definitely definitely you want to look at your mentee later on say well actually, you know, what I was responsible for some of this and I'm happy with myself for that. I'm very pleased with my with my entity and with myself definitely definitely. Okay. So moving on from there cuties. Let's look at something that you feel is very important because I've been part of your role and I certainly always you know, Encourage new teachers to be kind of involved with this side of school. So how important are unions and why is it important that we should stand by our unions? Unions are very very very important. I mean for the other for the obvious reasons, like if you ever end up in a situation, you're going to need legal support. I hope that doesn't happen to anybody but you know, you never know because we're working with kids, etc. Etc. But on the other side there there's a quite a big difference between schools which are unionized and schools, which aren't in that you'll see that the level of scrutiny at a unionized school the level of scrutiny the level of observation. Relations all this kind of stuff which we were talking about earlier is a lot less. It's a lot less if there is a if there was a strong union rep who is backed by members, and that's the important that the union rep has to be back by its members. Otherwise change does not happen that there's a big difference in the hold the staff morale recruitment retention the whole thing. It's a lot better at schools which are unionized or staff are happy or there. Because you you need somebody to say lat. I was dropped in on learning walk quote-unquote for 20 minutes with written feedback. You need somebody to say it because there are School leaders not all of them. And that's another something. I want to make absolutely clear actually because obviously we've talked about you know bad practice, but I've mentioned as you know, as you read the book, I mentioned a lot of examples of good practice here in the book. I've mentioned them throughout but there are some who won't get away with whatever they can get away who will do whatever they can get. It was so until somebody says something they will carry on and that is the outlet the union is the outlet to kind of make your voice heard. But also I mean out of unionized school is another case of okay, we're union now, everybody's together. We'll get everything we want because obviously it's not that simple, but you can choose your battles. You choose the one thing about school one thing at your school, which annoys you the most or which is the least has the least impact on the kids but takes you the most time and pick that and then argue about that. Covid like foot press press for the press for a change on that. I mean, we don't want to be so unionized or anything like the moment. There's any changes like now, we're not doing it. We're not doing an hour don't want to do that. It shouldn't be that it shouldn't be like that either but at the same time there has to be that protection. Now, I mean, I think I think their ways are days are very very positive book. And actually, you know, I speak to a lot of school leaders who are putting books out there that are talking about, you know, what kind of things we should be doing, but it's it's good to have a kind of checks and balances to see you know, what kind of things are not great practice and what we can do about it and you know to go into about unions specifically, I mean, I was very fortunate again at previous school to work in a teaching sense alongside the school's union rep and you know, I won't name Checker, but she was really really good. Kind of pre-empting any sort of issue that the might be and I got to the point to the school leader of kind of running things Pastor before I would think about Justin because quite often. Yeah, you don't always see it from everybody's point of view and she was she was excellent at kind of saying well, you might want to look at that. Have you thought about this? You know, can we do it this way before we got in situations where there was any conflict? But if there was you know, she was absolutely excellent and the school was fully supportive of all the teachers who wanted to be in unions actually actively. We encourage that the new staff and trainees to join up. Yeah, definitely definitely and I've worked at a school like what you described to well where there was good communication between the union rep sir and the FLT and they would go to them so lot we want to file this. What do you think the members would think of it doesn't have to be a relationship of conflict. It can be a working together relationship. You know, I don't because of my previous answer. Obviously. I may have suggested that okay union rep means that means you go and fight for stuff. It doesn't always mean that I can't mean that but it doesn't have to come. Often it is a very practical we're in this together. We'll work together on this type of relationship and that's good because there has to be stuff Unity for everybody. Definitely. Okay, so I'm just conscious of their time on a Sunday at a windy Sunday evening. So it's a nice point to say that you'd kind of moved away from talking about bad school leadership into any of highlighted many many really positive examples. So how do we get the shift and that's chaps towards the end. How do we make that shift happen from the bad school leadership into What we kind of want to do about it. I mean I've entered a few points in the chapter, which is talking about is shipped. Have called it and I think so. The main thing is a change in language because often schools will say old it is teachers will say, oh it is what it is at the moment. It is what it is at the moment. We just got to get on with it. In fact. Mmm really do we have to you know, what if we what if we change some of those phrases? What if we said? Okay when somebody says okay you haven't done XYZ or the kids didn't kids have underperformed. Why not. Things like okay. I did the best I could with the time and resources I had available. What if what if we all started saying that? What if we all started asking about like when something comes down because often this happens at school, they'll be some tasks and that's all you know, it won't take very long. Just can you get this done by Friday? But no one asks, how long will this take? No, one will ask will just kind of do it and then they'll say only takes a few minutes. So while it took me an hour Daniel always got that one from up teacher while it only took me five minutes channel name, so I think we should start asking about a make them value put more kind of value One More Time. And the other point I mentioned is and this is a tough one. I think because if our kids do well we want to X and we want to kind of take some credit for it. Thank you. If we get good results, they are you know what I did well with that means that your group and and Senior leaders will say middle leaves also do not well done. Well done. Excellent. Then the following year when they don't then we say, oh, no, that's that's because of external reasons. So it's either no credit or no blame or it's both Sorry, I think I said that don't you understand what I'm saying, though? No, I absolutely understand what they did. Well, some of that was because of me or even a large chunk of it was because of me because as we know we're in a child's education and child achievement. There are several factors working together. It's never just one. We as teachers are we are treated as the only factor and that's inherently wrong. No, you're absolutely right. I think that again with things like this one teacher can't do it. It can't be done by just just one teacher because then you'll be seen as the odd one out. I mean, these are like a little changes that everybody has to make and I make that clear in the books that I'm not talking to individuals at this point on Tommy's everybody because it won't work. I mean if you start asking how long will this take? How long will this take? And it's just one teacher doing it and you'll be walking around with a Target on your head. That sounds cool. You know, you'll be seen as a black sheep. It's interesting that you said to her about another quote that I've written down to, you know mentioned earlier on that the thing about the cyclical nature of teaching and the marking policies, but the one that you put on the bottom of this you just caught you just mentioned it there that are wise teacher once said I'm not going to take credit for good results because I'm not willing to take the blame for bad results that I feel like having that kind of mounted up, you know in a staff room somewhere. I think you know when a pupil does well, there's laces are many different factors that are there, you know are their own efforts their families effort. They what are they doing? You know, you're teaching me like think would help but also your teaching like my teaching Builds on everybody else's teaching throughout that pupils life, but it does seem to be that when the results don't go according to plan and then suddenly all of that falls away and it's just squarely on your shoulders and it's really interesting and really wise comment that yeah. Thank you. Thank you. I mean cuz I genuinely believe it. I mean we either take credit and blame or we take neither. I mean that it would probably be Hard to take a little bit in each. So proportionate be proportionate in what you're taking then at least, you know. Yeah, and then another thing on there you've mentioned about you know, and I'm not cool enough for young enough to use this phrase. But you've talked to at the end about becoming a badass. Yes becoming about us and I said the bad ass is slps worst nightmare. So a badass I've worked with a few badasses. I do love that in the past. So badass would be somebody who is an excellent teacher who the kids love. From with the kids and the SLT love because they know that he or she is is good of their game that person if that person challenges the leadership team then it's a problem and they are the ones I think that should because they're doing it from from her former strong position because if they're doing everything properly not that other teachers aren't I'm just saying if they're doing everything correctly and they're succeeding and you know, everything's going well for them then they're speaking. From a position of strength that they should be listened to is what I'm saying. If you've got a strong teacher basically that they should be listened to and then and they annoy the leadership in the most because it's like oh God, he's good. We don't want to get rid of him. You know now I'm just thinking I could think of a couple of those. Yeah. I think every school has got a couple of dollars, which is great, but I never called him that before so I'll be kind of walking around thinking that yeah. There's our badass tomorrow morning. There's our badass. Yeah, definitely you thinking of them now. I'm so happy. Yeah, okay. Finish off with and we're love myth-busting on the podcast. So if you can just finish off with a couple of the myths that you've that you do at the end of the chapter and just share a couple of those with listeners. Okay, so that as in the teaching myths of in things which are which are being told but are not true. Yes. Okay, so like for example, and this is the one that I've got a bugbear about this. I hope this one the most teaching from the front basically telling you that teaching from the front is a bad thing and that's no longer the case. That's not The case they used to say and first they used to say it that they realize they were wrong. But some schools are still saying this they'll get a learning walk say oh well that was to teach alert. Is that well, I'm the teacher. Who do you want to leave this exactly, you know, and that's my attitude and there's no proof that it doesn't work. Like if your class is listening and they're engaged and you're questioning. There's nothing wrong with teaching from the front if it's not working then it's a problem. So I mentioned that I also mentioned. Okay, so this is everybody's everybody talks about this one to differentiate. Differentiating rather for learning styles and and some some teachers are still being told I was speaking to a couple of trainees one trainee rather on three of the other week, and he was saying yeah that they told me that I need to differentiate for learning styles. You need to do kind of static activities because the kids are kind of static Learners. This has been rubbished a long time ago, very long time ago. Yeah and deep marking or which we mentioned earlier because research to the best of my knowledge is saying that verbal feedback is the best. But schools even though because I mentioned this book three out of five schools are still doing deep parks. And even the the former education. Secretary Damien Heinz said into just a paraphrasing that this is a waste of time yet schools are still doing it three out of five schools are still doing it. And I know only that not only that because they also make reference to the the Austin myths document in the book if you remember yeah and they even set off that even say we don't require a specific. Cific type or frequency of marking yet. You get school leaders who are insisting has caused their policy states. We have to mark every two weeks there needs to be some red pen every two weeks like and they really insist on it. So I could there needs to be some does there need to be really who who served UPS, you know, who said this that they've chosen to do and this is what I mean about the system that that the books not about the system. It's about the management of the system. The system would be whoever telling us to mark. But how often we decide to Mark that's that's Down the Walls. Yeah, and these messages can not come out from too many people too many times because one of the one of the the greatest things about being a research school was that you were able to kind of, you know, see people's Jaws hit the floor as you kind of, you know, debunked some very popular myths learning styles being one of them when you look to EF toolkit and things like that, but even though we did a lot of work on that and a still an awful lot of work going across, you know, the research schools Network and Is it research schools and all that sort of stuff this still in the profession, you know, this still exists, you know, not a lot. It's not even pockets is is huge swathe of teaching where this is going on. I mean, you know, I was at my son's in your six-pack 2007 and we visited quite a lot of secondary schools some which you know, extremely high performing and as soon as I walked through the door, I kind of hid the lanyard hit the Blackpool research School lanyard tucked it away and just thought I could laugh can see that board on there, you know learning styles and how to An for them is the first one that you walk into you just think we can't say this often enough and obviously your books, you know, absolutely doing that. I'll thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I mean, that's how I did set out to do that in some places. I mean, I personally I'm not an educational researcher because you'll know it's my books are not about educational research, but I do kind of I do have a look here and there what's kind of popular at the time I go so I do keep a finger in it so to speak. But I'm not a researcher myself. That might be an area that I go into later on. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, I just want to say thank you so much for being involved in the podcast and I really really appreciate your time. It's gonna finish off with just obviously we've signed postage or two books because tell us a little bit more about you know, where we can get the books from where you might be, you know, your website and any links to that kind of thing and we talked to our fair and I can't believe this listeners. So, you know, here's the chance so, you know, there's a lot of people are great at doing a lot of speaking about their books. But almost not necessarily been doing that through Choice through choice, but maybe you know, maybe after after this stunning podcast performance. Maybe we can get encouraged him to come and do some more talking about these books because I think that would be most most most welcome. So does little bit with the box where we can find them and your website and your Twitter etcetera. Okay. So first books called The Unofficial teachers manual what they don't teach you in training second books called bad school leadership and what to do about it. They're both available on Amazon first 160. 75 next one is $6.99. Don't ask me why there's a 15 P protein pea difference between those two that just is that they're both available on Amazon. My I also blog we got official teachers manual.com. So I kind of talked about other give L other helpful tips to two new teachers that Great great, so we'll publish all the links to the website and to your blog and to where you can find the books as well. So once again Omar, thank you very much for speaking to us tonight, and maybe we'll see you at some events fairly soon in the future. Definitely. Thank you very much Phil. Thank you Schnatter. Just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter. Schnatter just talking to teachers.