When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and forth because of course our mom has no idea how to use her iPhone and my brothers and sister she use apple music. I'm insisting she use Spotify and I'm clearly right Spotify is so much better. I've been using it for probably like five or six years now and if you don't Spotify you're really missing out because you can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account in Spotify has such a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the You're listening to right now and you can follow us on there. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen offline wherever they are and what's cool is you can easily share what you're listening to with your Instagram people peeps. So it's like I love the song check it out. This is what I'm listening to Boom if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search ask women on Spotify or browse podcasts in your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us so you never miss an episode of ask women. No. If you guys been listening to ask women for a while, you probably know my voice associated with some cynicism may be some jokes. You are not a fan of or maybe you are a fan of because you've got great taste. Well, either way, I've come a long way from that cynical gal and I'm doing amazing things helping guys get their banter and conversation skills on track as well as making those dating profiles look not so terrible or dare. I say good no dare. I say great I get them looking great and Doing it long enough. Now that I'm seeing actual results coming in from guys that I've worked with like, you know, for example engagements things like that. I have to say I feel pretty good about my skills and those dudes do too. So if you want to be smooth and witty and conversation or smooth and Woody and your profile, you know who to come and see and that's me Kristen and I met Kristin and chill.com all of my stuff is up there. If you guys want to hit me up and get my help. So again, Kristen and chill.com charm more than just your socks off. Want to know the hidden meaning behind what women say and do then check out the Chicktionary. It's the wing girl methods manual that gives you a full rundown of all the things women say that confuse men ridden in dictionary format. Go get a copy of the Chicktionary by going to wing girl method.com chick that's wing girl method a Comm check coming up on this week's episode of the ask women podcast. We have an expert on her show who works. Only with stem professionals and I have a hunch that many of you who are listening to this show happen to lean in that direction, which is wonderful because we need people like you to keep the planet going but he teaches people who are stem professionals how to have confidence how to talk to women how to flirt with women how to escalate with everything. He teaches it and breaks it down in a logical way. So that not only you can understand. It but you can do it as well. So keep listening. Hey, it's the ask women podcast. You made it back to another episode. Welcome. It's going to be quite a treat not just because Marnie and I are on as usual. I'm Kristen Carney, of course one of your hosts Marnie cameras as well. But we have Mike pack Le Knack pack a knack pack. Goddamn. It's hard every time I hear your last name, I think it's a knick-knack patty-whack. Give a dog a bone. Like you know, what guys sorry. I'm going to do that one more time. No, not me do it. I like it. Let me know. Let me do it one more time because it's like I feel embarrassed for how many times I fuck up name. So let me just do that really. Well, I think it's good. Just know that we're teaching about moving on when you mess up. That's the whole thing. You have to be okay with moving on when you mess up because you're gonna do an amazing job afterwards. You've got to own your flaws and your flubs. So all always I would like them too much. That's why you're awesome. And that's why Mike knick-knack patty-whack is on our show. I'm gonna say it right back up in Black but black, right? Ah, okay. So it's almost like I have a self-defeating Behavior, which I think other guys or guys listening can relate to but let me just say first before we talk more about my neuroses. Mike is the owner and the founder of social confidence Mastery die. Cam which helps stem professionals with their social skills. And before we started this I had to Google some professional which I should have known what that meant Sonic technology. Yeah, you know it well, yeah, you don't have kids in school anymore. So maybe that's a member anymore. I'm a slow person D. Yeah. So anyway, that was cool to find out but I but Mike I want to first of all I want to hear why this Niche I mean, I know why this Niche but I want to know from your Point of view like were you a stem child? Are you asking like, how did this come about it? Yeah. Woo her child specializing that you were specializing and working with these guys is obviously that's exactly how it was you or it is you yes. So first of all, great job on pronouncing my last name, you definitely nail it on the second Rise and a lot of people had difficulty saying it so you're not the first don't worry, but you have to answer your question Marnie, you know, the whole thing got started when what my journey started Back when I was 17, so I was born I was born in a small farm back in the Philippines and then grew up in Saudi Arabia. So if you know anything about both those two countries, they're like, you know, like culturally they're very conservative right like back in Saudi, you know, we like there was no dating, you know, just because of the Muslim culture it's different there and I've never I've never heard that term back in Saudi, that's amazing. That's the first time I've ever heard that yeah, you know like back in the hood back and Saudi amazing and because of my environment, you know, like I didn't really learn all this. These skills right at other kids in North America learned like, you know, social skills making friends that kind of stuff and I also grew up in a very traditional Asian family were both my parents were like, you know, go to school get good grades get a good job and you'll be successful. So that was like my operating system growing up, you know as a young kid, right? So when I moved to North America Canada specifically I was just going through the motion, you know, I went to school got good grades graduated early got a job at an engineering company and it's funny because That point I felt like I've checked off all the boxes, right? You know, I literally followed exactly what my parents told me and there I was still feeling lonely and you know, like socially inept and then I realized that yes going to school getting a grades getting a good job. You know, that made me professionally successful. I also skip the part where I had to learn all these other skill sets which is, you know connecting with people making friends, you know, getting dates those are different skill sets to so so that's kind of what started my journey back in the day. I wanted to Learn these skills for myself just because I didn't know how to connect with people. I felt lonely. I was at home on weekends not because I wanted to but because I didn't have anyone to go out with and my dating life was, you know non-existent as well. So I wanted to learn these skills to sign my own issues. And then I later on I discovered that other stem professionals were going through the same struggles and that's when I decided to start the company amazing. Can I can I ask a question might be an inappropriate question, but I think it's a very personal question. Okay, so I'm going to ask you are. From the Philippines you're from Saudi Arabia like you look different actually in Canada. You probably don't let them from a lot of people but I'm a lot of people right in with the belief and their system that if they're not white if they are not fit if they are not rich they cannot date and I just wanted to know what your thoughts are on that. Like you're honest thoughts. I want no I had the I had the exact same belief. So when I when I moved to Canada, obviously I was different right? You know, I was one of the very few occasions Kids in my school and I noticed that you know, all the pretty girls were like going after like a specific look right, you know the buff white blond blue eyes type of dude. And yeah for a long time, I really felt insecure about my ethnicity know. I wanted to be different not to mention. I'm way below average height in North America, which is five nine. I'm only five five so I suffered through a lot of self-defeating thoughts when I was younger and it wasn't until like later on. I realized that I also have positive traits and I get exactly Focus on more and to not compare myself to other people but yeah, you know, I depending on your upbringing so like in my case like again, you know focusing on academic success was like a huge thing and you know, like any personal development work was never taught by my parents to me and because they didn't know any better, right? So yeah, I went through the same insecurities for sure. And how did you well, I guess you're gonna tell me about how you change that. But which one came? For our did everything go hand-in-hand the work that you have done for yourself that you're now teaching to other people. Yeah, was that a component of it which was specifically like as far as reframing limiting beliefs and raising your your self-esteem and improve your self-image. Yeah, definitely for sure. So yeah, like when I got started my first step into personal development was getting in shape. So so I guess I kind of skip this part, you know back then too. I used to be like really fat. I was like as 5/5 I weighed 200 pounds and had oh my goodness. Yeah. I had a 36-inch ways. I was Huge when I was younger. Wow. Yeah, you know bad acne. Let's just say it was I wasn't blessed with a lot of natural things growing but not look like that now I'm crazy. Yeah. Yeah, that's if you Google online, I'm sure you'll find like an older picture of me when my before picture back in the day. But yeah, my first step into personal development was getting in shape, right, you know, I started working out. I lost all the weight stuff like that. So that's when I started noticing that like, oh like girls were checking me out, you know, and and you know, like guy I see more interested to like include me in their plans and hang out with me and stuff. And then you know like back then obviously like, you know, when you have I know when you have an issue you go to Google, right? So I started Googling like how to meet girls how to make friends stuff like that and the game the game was like really popular when I got started. So that was like my first like introduction to like learning social skills, which wasn't the best because like I thought I had to be somebody else and like rehash these stories that other people were teaching in the book and stuff like that. And then that's when I just felt off, you know, like going to clubs. It wasn't really me. I'm kind of a morning person and then left at industry and you know kind of went down into a more spiritual journey so to speak and I also lived in Vancouver at some point and it's a very like woo woo city, right? Yeah and I interrupt you for one second. Do you do you think that like I mean obviously not because you know, you're creating your own system for this but like it is kind of true that maybe 10 years ago the space for dating advice or confidence. Is for men was very limited. It really just was okay. You have to dress like this in to go to clubs you to get girls here. Like there wasn't a if you're really into Health you can go other places if you're really that's so interesting so I don't even think about it that way. But yeah, that's that's and I want to like reinforce that right. Now if people are still of that belief system that like you can be who you want to be people write to me all the time saying I don't like going to bars and Olga like going to clubs and I'm never going to meet a girl like, oh my God. I haven't been to a bar or club and five years. Been everywhere else and there's tons of single people like there's a million other spaces and places. Yeah. Yeah when I want a home that is yeah totally. Yeah, so, you know kind of going back to what I was saying, I you know, I've been exposed to a lot of different types of personal development. So like, you know, like reading the game back in the day going on a more spiritual path and in also when I started my podcast, you know, I had an opportunity to interview including you Marnie, you know, like over a hundred experts in this space, right? And then once you've talked to enough of the same people later on up Pattern started to emerge and I started you know, implementing those things for myself. Plus. I've also work with other coaches to better myself as well. And then I noticed that you know, like a more holistic approach really is the best way to improve your social confidence because you know, like if you want to have a great relationship with other people whether it's friends or a significant other or people in your workplace, you need to have a great relationship with yourself first and that's starts with the way you talk to yourself, right? That's why I'm such a big proponent with teaching my clients, you know, like Ending the way they the language that they use when they speak to themselves. Is it empowering? Is it disempowering and then changing that developing self compassion all those things? So yeah that yeah a big part of the coaching program that I teach now which makes complete sense. Well, so let me ask you a question cuz so when I think of stem I think of a certain type of brain and how they process information and sometimes people with that with that brain that leans towards that direction which is a wonderful Direction because the world would not exist. Now if we didn't have that direction, yeah, it can be a little bit more limited on the social side. So how how like your timeout really spiritual stuff and like emotions and like that's a very fluid concept whereas for me at least my perception is that logical things are leaning more towards stem. So like a plus b equals c so, so can you give a couple examples of like how how you teach those nuances like for example, if Teaching people how to reframe how they think about themselves speak about themselves. What is the process of you teaching them to do that? So that it makes sense to those people. That's a great question. That's a great question. And you're right, you know, like the guys that I work with tend to be very logical like one plus one equals to you know, like that kind of stuff. So to me it's about the way you explain things to them. Right and they learn this very early on when I interned for an old company back in the day plus I had some NLP training too. I always relate these foreign concepts with things that they know a lot about right. So for example, let's say we're talking about beliefs. I just ask them questions. Like, you know, have you been in a situation where you wanted to let's say you're in a coffee shop and then there was someone you were interested in approaching but then you didn't you know, like have you ever been in a situation? Obviously, my students would say yes, and now I asked him like what's that? What's that voice inside of your head is telling you and then I'm not good enough, you know, I'm gonna bother her stuff like that. So I'm like, oh so that's called your limiting belief, right? And it's just the way that you've program your mind to be able to make sense of things. They must be something like they're so into like let's reprogram their like I get it. Thanks. All right. So yeah. Yeah, so a lot of examples and asking them like situations like, you know a car like I use a lot of car analogy when I work with people just because like everyone's most people have driven a car and then you know, it's something that they know a lot about so I always relate foreign like kind of like what you said like fluid Concepts like spirituality and self image into something more tangible and I always say like, oh it's kind of like that. It's Malheur to that so that's when they have their aha moments. I love that. Yeah, so I do Mike and I didn't get a chance to chat too much before but I was about to tell Mike a little bit about what I do also, but I do something somewhat similar to you Mike and I teach guys how to Banter and have bigger personality great. And right now I'm working with a guy who's an engineer. He's so focused on just information exchanging, you know, this is what I do that I don't know and so always talk to him about trying to understand like the concept of feeling information rather than just giving information and because so many women want to feel things and I find that the stem guys seem to not understand that idea of feeling they understand the idea of information being exchanged and like things having a value and they don't really place value on Emotions and stuff like that. And so I noticed that this one one guy seemed to Define himself by basically. He has Hobbies or who he was so he would say I am and it wasn't spiritual at all. He would say I am like on his profile. He would say I am a foodie a learner a hiker. He would give himself traits based on just the hobby alone rather than knowing who he actually really really was You know, it's like you're not your hobbies your separate from your hobbies your hobbies make you Fuller and give you more of a well-rounded life, but that's not who you are. So, what do you normally do to get them in touch with who they are about of this engineer? This guy who likes a lot or goes to the gym. Do you ever have them like get in touch with what you're saying? How do you grasp the concept of feel? Yes exactly. Like that's basically what you're asking. It's like to be able to feel you. The figure that other person that's a great question. So 99% of students that have taken my program. They all don't meditate right? So they're always just in their heads, you know, they kind of you know, like run with the first thought that comes into their head. They don't know how to question things and stuff like that. So like a big thing that I get them to do from the very beginning. It's so just like slow down their thoughts so they can actually separate you know, like themselves and and what they're thinking like, they're not what they're thinking and they're able to like kind of question the thoughts because as you know, like your your thoughts determine Emotions, right? So by helping these types of guys in particular to like create that separation from who they are and what they're thinking now, they're able to like have that choice, you know, like do I want to keep thinking this way or do I want to think another way, right? So just by you know, like explaining to them like your emotions come from your thoughts and the more in control you can be with your thoughts and the first step to be in control of your thoughts is to be able to separate yourself from your thoughts. Then your that now they have a choice right on what they want to think. Which therefore leads to what they want to feel inside right that makes sense. Then I like that faucet. So I just put out a visualization program where it's funny because like exactly what you're saying like it Paints the picture on how to feel like I'm not wasting this properly but in the program you are sort of in a meditative State you're picturing things outside of what's in front of you. So like The Logical things in front of you and you're using your imagination to create these Visuals for you and in turn you feel something and actually in the visualization program it walks you through how you feel so that so that people can actually identify what those feelings are and I think like even like what you're saying is really just giving people a space to not be focusing on the real life and on the reality in front of them. It's for to give them that space to sort of take the brain out of that equation and let them be immersed in their feelings. And I think that that's wonderful and if I mean if anybody does want to go check out the visualization Program I highly suggest that you do. I totally forget the link for it, but I will find out shortly and I'll share that with you. Sorry the I've like a mask link for it, but I can show it I can tell you what that is in a few seconds, but I think it's really essential and it's funny because I didn't think that you're going to go in that direction. I thought you were going to get give a very formulaic way for people to like sort of flub the emotions, but I think that that's an excellent tool that you're providing two guys who yeah may not be able to Access those emotions are at least identify them. Yeah. Well the thing with logical guys from my experience, you know, like being one of them too and also working with lots of them in the past their brains are trained to think in a very specific way. So I figured if I teach social skills in a way that they naturally think then they're going to learn it faster, right? That's why you know, my program is called a social confidence blueprint. So when they hear here like blueprint, they're like, oh it's step by step. It's a logical, you know sequence. I can follow it, you know, like you connect the dots. Type of thing which is wonderful. So that link is wing girl method of calm visualization - Mastery. We're going to take a quick break and then we are going to come back with Mike knick-knack paddywhack. We'll be back in a second. Do you need a break? I actually am on a break right now. I'm on vacation and it feels wonderful. I mean Mexico in the beautiful Cancun, but if you can't get somewhere like Cancun, you know, how you can get a break from all of that. Monotony The To Do List all of that stuff. Tipsy Tipsy can help you focus on something more pleasurable than whatever is on that list. Dipsy is an audio app full of short sexy stories and guided sessions that are designed to turn you and your lady on to help you get in touch with both yourself and your partner the stories are relatable and immersive and there's something for everyone whoever and whatever you're into they add new content every week. So it never gets boring and the guided sessions can help you unlock new confidence. Heightened intimacy confidence fellows confidence and for listeners of this show. Dipsy is offering a 30-day free trial when you go to Dipsy stories.com ask women. That's a 30-day free trial when you go to DIY psea stories.com ask women Dipsy stories.com ask women. So Marty and I saw each other in person for the first time in a while recently and she looked great. It was awesome to see her. I looked better. I'm just kidding. She looked great and one of the first things that I noticed was this beautiful bracelet that she had on her wrist and I'm not saying that because I'm reading an ad legitimately. I asked her where she got it and she said oh, this is the bracelet from a jury and I instantly went Gaga. I want my ring because they're sending me a ring their stuff is so awesome and beautiful and you can get the lady in your life. The exact same jewelry that Marnie and I are wearing and it's not expensive. It looks expensive but it's high-quality. It's tough. You don't have to take off when you're doing the dishes or anything because it's such good quality and you can get it with a discount from us and I think you should because whatever lady is in your life. It doesn't matter if she's in her early twenties if she's 90 she will love it had two major e.com ask women for 10% off your first First order that's mej. You are i.com. Ask women for 10% off your first order. All right, we are back Mike. Thank you so much for sharing about that meditation tool that you use because I do think it's so important one thing I wanted to ask you was are you like you just said before you were a logical they are you are a logical thinker, but did you categorize yourself as one of those ystem? Brain, because it doesn't really sound like you are like like I've talked to other people who are like, yeah, I'm an engineer and I couldn't really understand how to do this. And then yeah, I want to teach other guys because I understood how to do it. It doesn't sound like that's actually who you were. So how unless I'm wrong. How do you actually like, how do you relate to these guys? Like how do you fully understand how their brain is working to be able to advise them for sure. So kind of like what I mentioned earlier, you know, I did work. In that industry on and off for about seven years. So like I understand their day-to-day situation. I know for a fact that they're not paid to be charismatic or social so to speak they're paid based on their intelligence and they spent a lot of their time sitting in front of a computer and you know, just like with anything right then, you know, you don't use it you lose it so they're not really paid to socialize. The only time they get to talk to their co-workers is when they have a work related question and then what out of the blue like what happy hour hits there just expected to be like Mr. Social and charismatic when they when they don't have the awareness and the the experience, you know, like it's a little bit unfair right place. We live in a society where you know, like people just expect men to be social and confident when you know, that's not really like a scale that's you know, maybe some people are born with it. But for the most part is something yes, and the same way that they learn the fundamentals of engineering and programming they can also learn the fundamentals of being socially confident. Yeah. That's a very true. So what would you say? Is the the first key thing? Well actually talked about that but like limiting beliefs, but the first key thing to teach men when it comes to flirting and getting out of this shell to be more charismatic like yes, you have to wipe away these limiting beliefs that you can actually allow yourself to project who you are but what's the next step after that? How do they actually learn these skill sets that they weren't taught ever. Yeah for sure. So a big thing that I notice to would stem professionals. Actually meant that I worked with in the past they tend to be they tend to focus on their negative traits and that's why they always feel bad, right they tend to be like very type a perfectionist. They don't have a lot of self compassion. So when they make mistakes and let's say they do 10 things, right? They do nine things correct and they make one mistake one mistake. They will ruminate and Replay that one mistake over and over again. So the only thing that stem I teach them is even too maybe So a big thing that's a big thing that I teach them is, you know, like really seeing themselves in a more positive light. So like, you know another exercise that I teach my clients is, you know, like coming up with things that they like about themselves because you know after a week because they're so focused on like finding fault with who they are and what they've done in the past just like, you know that simple exercise of Shifting the way they think from like, they're a low-value person to like, oh look at all these things that that's good about me and it's good about my life, you know, they start to feel About who they are and as you know when you know flirting and bantering, you know, like a big part of that is feeling relaxed right and trusting that what you're going to say is going to land and it's going to be funny right your deliveries going to be on point, you know, you trust that whatever, you know thought or thing you're gonna say is gonna is gonna resonate with people. That's a big part of that. Don't you agree? Yeah, so you have to feel good about yourself first because if you don't feel good about yourself, you're going to stay to joke or you gonna you know, like try to Banter, but then you're expecting a Reaction from people and if it doesn't land in your self-esteem just gets crushed. You're absolutely right. That's a hundred percent. Sure. That's how it would work. I love this. So so saying wonderful things about yourself listening to the good news instead of the bad news, which people tend to hyper focus on which makes complete sense. And so then after that, I mean, I know I'm not giving away all your goodies, but I want to hear something like really tangible don't like guys can do right now if they parted yeah for flirting. I want to hear like how you tell Them to talk to women in a way that is not robotic or you know oversharing about their thesis about something. Like how do you help them? Yeah, just like dude are they are they able to talk about their passions which could be science and math and video games or are those things off limits from from your point of view? Yeah, so I'm gonna give you know like to tangible tips here. So number one would be storytelling and in the second one would be flirting is that is IP. Yes, please please. Please don't do it. So a big thing that I teach my clients is that again with conversation. It's just like writing an exam, right, you know, like the example that I always give is if they've ever written an exam that they didn't study for. Naturally. They're going to feel anxious, you know, sweaty Palms, you know, heart beating fast stuff like that, but then if they've written an exam that they did study for, you know, they're excited. They're more confident. They're more relaxed and and the same thing goes with conversation, you know, kind of like what was mentioned earlier most stem professionals tend to talk in a very A logical way right like this happened and this happened in this happened. So by encouraging them to prepare their stories in advance and really like in the grand scheme of things. There's only five topics of conversation that gets talked about for the most part, right, you know, people are going to ask you about your work. They're going to ask you about your family and upbringing they're going to ask you about your travels and events. I've attended they're going to ask you about what you do for fun, and they're going to ask you about your passions, you know, your passions and Emissions. So now they know they're like, okay, you know, I'm going to be quote unquote tested on the air on these topics. So now they can, you know, create the space throughout the week or the next couple weeks of me. Like we know what are some interesting things that I've done in the past. Why do I do what I do? What interesting countries have I visited what fun events I attended. So by creating that space throughout the week to prepare their stories ahead of time and then following, you know, like a specific storytelling format right? Give me the set up the content the resolution and as they write out their stories, you know, like adding sensory words, right? What did you see? What? What did you feel? What did you hear that kind of stuff? It makes their story more engaging. So at that point, you know, like obviously they're not gonna you know, pull out there sheet of paper be like one second. Let me pull up this story real quick, but because they prepare their stories the same way that they write an exam. It would be a lot easier for them to access the story because they prepared it ahead of time. Right and then as far as flirting is concerned, the other thing that I teach them is and I learned is from another friend so he gets credit for this. I'm just regurgitating his teachings. It's called bigger words. So for example, I'm going to educate your teachings as well. I think it's just fantastic. I love it. Oh, thank you. So my my friend Joe do card. I'm going to credit him for this technique. It's called trigger words. So a big thing that he taught me as far as flirting is concerned is you come up with like themes. Right? So like when I was learning this I was in Austin, Texas, so he asked me to get a sheet of paper and I put down. Okay, like I'm gonna go out tonight and I'm gonna flirt with girls. So so he's like, oh what are things that you're going to talk about? So I put down like Asian because that's me I put down. Stan because I'm in Austin and I put down Canada because that's where I'm from. So now he's like well, what are some things about you know Asians and Austin and Canada that you can think of so under Asian, I put like tiger mom or good with math, right or like hard-working or half asian kids, whatever and in Canada, you know free healthcare bacon Canadian bacon, you know snow and in Austin is like Kristen is just thinking of all of like the rude comments that she can make that's right. Is that what you're gonna say? Kind of funny about Asians Canadians like Justin like she just thinking of anything to snarky she could say but yeah, but it's true. You're like you're putting these things down ahead of time. So there are other quick recall for you. Yeah, and then you anticipate the questions you're going to get asked and then you come up with a fun answer based on those things things that you wrote down. Right? So yeah, those are like really easy tangible ways that guys can like do today and now they can flirt in a way. That's authentic. To them because they came up with like their own, you know like themes and they can come up with their own trigger words. And then all they have to do is get inspiration from that sheet of paper. They're looking at and anticipate all the questions you're going to get asked right and prepare some fun answers totally stealing this from you. Yeah, definitely, but what can I tell them to not get so zoned in and focused on those talking points that they if they happen to go off script that they They don't get screwed up. How do you teach them to not get freaked out if doesn't happen to go the way that their conversation had been planned on their head. Yeah, so I noticed that again just working with these guys specifically the exam analogy really hits home with them because you know, like they are very academic. So they've written a many many exams in the past and they all know that you can only you can only study so much. Once you enter the exam room, you know, in this case like the networking event or like the date or like you know the bar. Whatever you have to let things go you've done everything you could to study. So to speak right at this point. You just have to let things go and then after the social outing make notes, right and then and then from then on like you can analyze like what happened where you messed up and then try again. So I think the like the exam analogy like it makes sense to them as far as like socializing and flirting are both concerned. I absolutely love that. I think that's awesome. Okay, let's go to flirting now. So like how do we how do we flirt Oh, I thought I'd just gave some. Any tips, I'm sorry. Yeah, you were talking about like a conversation and stuff. But yeah, I want more information there journaling trick out Trick is again trigger words for sure would be for flirting and then yeah can like what I mentioned earlier just like anticipate all the questions you're going to get asked when you're out and then the thing would flirting is that you know, like I think a lot of guys they tend to overdo it and the analogy that I always give is like, you know flirting is like spices, right? You know you so you got your sake you got your potato which is like your regular conversation. Yo, you're gonna get away with it, but it's going to be Bland. Right? So you want to sprinkle it with some banter some flirting. So flirting is just one of those things that I tell my guys that he's less sprinkle. You don't want to overdo it because at the end of the day like you're talking to a human being like they want a real connection. They want to they want to get to know like who you are but not like the boring, you know version of you like you want to you want to put like the unfiltered authentic, you know, like version of you and you know, obviously like when you're flirting and your bantering right like it just kind of light it lightens up the mood. And because I think would stem guys they tend to be so serious, right? So by you know injecting some humor into their conversation then yeah everything everybody has a good time. They'll ask the other person laughs and it's an enjoyable experience. I absolutely love that. I think it's awesome. These are really really wonderful to because they're broken down into ways that people can understand anybody can understand. It's not just like anybody who has like more of a stem brain. It's anybody can understand these Concepts because you have these visuals of like seasoning a steak and you have Things that you can prepare like on a me, I teach a lot of these things to you know, I talked about having mission statements and having like five things that are going on in your life right now that you're working on and you like write down a topic and night about the whole process of things. You've learned things that you're doing that like and just like have all that there and prepare before so that you're not locked up when you are talking to a really pretty girl. If you have nothing prepared, then you're gonna Scramble for something you're gonna get down on yourself. You're going to have an empty head and it's not going to work. But if you prepare before you got something at least that you can latch onto in a moment of panic, so I think that these are fantastic ideas. Yes and let me add to this mix. So I agree with everything that's just been said, however, I think being able to speak to the room and the situation for sure in is really really important so you can go in with your talking points and Trigger words and all that kind of stuff, but I think it's really important. That stem guys. Also learn how to take in the moment observe what's happening and then relate that in conversation because that's a lot of the time an entryway into a natural organic conversation. So if it's really really hot in the room be comfortable being like wow, it's really hot and you see my pet stains. Just yeah going with what is actually happening at the moment. So I think in addition to Preparing all those things, although they're also very logical things, right those are easy things to do because there are Logical it's like oh God. It's really hot in here or oh God. It's really busy in here or and I think having that other practice definitely but a lot of the time I think guys go into a situation with women or at a networking kind of event with okay. This is what I'm going to say, even though it may not pertain to the situation. We're in in the mud at hand. I'm going to Crowbar in all this list about myself if you can open the conversation because it works because I know it were so you can open the conversation in a more organic way where you you're With what's going on in the exact scenario then segueing into those things that you have in your back pocket is a really good way to be natural but also get in what you feel comfortable getting into the conversation. Yeah 100% over here. Yeah. I totally agree with that for sure. And and you know, like you you definitely like nail it on the head when you said that because yeah the end of the day like it's about it's about calibrating right calibrating to the situation and and it's one of those things that like instructors so to speak we can only explain so much right? But until you're out there and you and you gather social experiences, you know, like that's when you kind of develop your sixth sense so to speak so I think like, you know, the advice that I give at least to my students, you know, it's just training wheels, right? You know, they feel confident. They know that in there has a like oh, I am not going to run out of things to say, right? So at that point just because the fact that they know that if they run out of things to say they have something to say they feel more relaxed and at that point like once they have enough social experiences, then you're so right, you know at that point they can just To what's happening in the situation and they're able to you know, like kind of think think on their feet, right? I agree with you for sure. I agree. Yeah, I love that analogy of the training wheels. It's like once you can break free of those training wheels. You're a cyclist man. You're like power and down that Highway. Yeah and you just need those training wheels to get started and everyone does everyone needs training wheels to start a bike. Yeah, as you know when you're learning how to ride a bike if you don't have training wheels number one, you're just going to fall over and then, you know, I don't know about you, but if if I'm not seeing it. You know, like quick wins. It's so easy to feel discouraged. Right? So so by having just like a little bit of training wheels, you know, like get them some quick wins and they're like, oh it's not so bad. So now they feel more encouraged and yeah, they're just going to keep going right, you know, it's about like setting them up to succeed early on and feel good and gather those positive social experiences, right? Because so many guys have had a lot of negative one. So now they're just like I'm just not cut out for this right. So by engineering some quick wins, I think there are a lot more likely to stick. The social habit so to speak. Yeah, absolutely. So I went skiing for the first time two weeks ago. I haven't done that in 14 years and I was awesome like it was I've got back on the hill and I was like, I was like how have I not been doing this for 14 years, like my heart was about to pound out of my chest because I just like loved how everything felt on that mountain but so my son before was like, yeah, I'm going to ski him this key and this key and like in his head it was so easy to do and then he got his keys on he's like, oh it's hard to walk in these it's hard to do this. We put him in ski school and he'd like was amazing by the end of the day but wasn't so amazing at the beginning of the day and had these like little training wheels on his skis, but by the end of the day we were going on a chairlift we were going down the hill it was an awesome experience. Like just seeing him do it on his own and at the end of the day I said to him I'm like you. Oh, I'm sorry. I love that. You are so good at but you were you're so wonderful and I was like praising him for it and he goes, he's like Mom, you know why I was so good and it's like why because because I'm not Good at stuff. I'm good when I practice and I was like that is amazing that you just said that like it's true. He he doesn't give up like that's one thing about him and even about my husband. I don't give up they know that you can learn to do something and that the more you practice the better you become and I thought that was just so wonderful that like he knew that at that point like that. It's not going to come to you naturally and if it doesn't come naturally in the beginning, but you still like it, you know that you can Get better at it. And that I think is exactly what we're talking about during this entire. Show. Is that like it may not feel right in the beginning you may have had bad experiences. But if you collect the right tools, you have the right teachers, you can accomplish anything and make anything gonna get so laid. That's why I guess I know your son is very lucky to have you as a mongering. Obviously a very good role model for him. So yeah for sure you gotta give yourself some credit too. Yeah my back right now. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God, they're both going to be gay. They don't like don't want Any of my advice or they're just gonna be completely asexual have no interest wasn't gonna try like pound it into them. Anyway, we'll see what happens or very young I'm gonna wrap up the show now because I think that we've given some really really wonderful advice and I you know don't want to beat a dead horse. I think we all talk fast and we've compressed a hour-and-a-half show in to 40 minutes and that is good enough for our audience. But Mike I want you to tell people how they can listen to your podcast so they can hear my beautiful voice on your body. And how they can get in touch with you to work with you because you sound like a fantastic coach. Oh, thank you. Yeah, just look me up Social confidence Master e.com. Social confidence Mastery on iTunes social confidence master and Instagram. So, yeah, it's it's a consistent brand all throughout the web. So it's I'm easy to find and plus my name is really hard to spell wonderful and Kristen and I will not for the guys. It has through their own like yes, I can do this right away. We're gonna see my in a few weeks. We are. Well we are so you're going to be in Atlanta. We're going to be in Atlanta at the mental one show. So if you guys are there if yes, you guys are attending men flow and she'll come say hi and to Marnie and I yes say hello. Yes. We are definitely gonna say hi. Yes. Oh I meant I thought you meant to you. Yes, of course when I say I do but maybe Kristen and I could do a podcast while we were there. That would be interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Kristen bring your gear that's actually a good way for us to know too. No seriously are and I'll bring my bike beds and everything. Okay. Awesome. That's a very good idea. But anyway, this will come out after men flew initial but I'm sure people will I'm going to make a few videos of it and Chris and I are gonna talk about it after we get back because we're both really excited to go but check out Kristin stuff to what's your website again, Kristen and chill.com. That's right. Baby.com. She's wonderful and bantering I have gotten the most amazing feedback. I don't even know why people come to me still. Just know to go to Kristin, but they just tell me like how wonderful she is in breaking down the skill set of bantering like helping to make them funny and great over text with women, which is so essential to building attraction and staying out of the friend zone. So I'd highly recommend people go check out Kristin's materials and Mike's materials and my materials you can go to Ingram at the.com or my YouTube page at youtube.com slash Marnie Kendra's you guys are awesome, and we'll see you next week.