Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You know how we were talking.Am I meeting right now? I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it wasn't bad, but it could it could yeah. But we're in the early stages. So yeah, bear with us. Yeah, we'll definitely progress. All right, so I was feeling kind of blue today. There was yourself. I mean I wasn't in the best of moods either. I got a lot on my plate. I'm not gonna lie. How are you man? It's pretty hard out there Toph. Yeah, I know it is butterfly. So today's topic is going to be on on either Harper just like the topic of depression or just depression in itself. And the only reason why I bring this up is because today in today's society. We don't people are like almost look down upon almost look down upon for having depression as if like, oh if you have depression, you're a terrible your your oh my God, you're sitting. Failure like it's terrible to something that but it's like or you just quote unquote week bastard that to like you just don't old bitch you fucking but no like me, but I don't know also exercise. Oh no, like we we teenagers if you humans we humans in general where we go through so much shit in our day-to-day lives and regardless of how much shit that we had to whip go through how much should we have the you know with sand whenever anybody He asks us how we're doing, you know, like they asked me like, how are you are you? Okay? You always respond with it. I'm fine, or I'm okay and you never really people are always going to ask. Yeah, like you never be explaining how you truly feel that goes to like a lot of people you never really tell someone exactly. And only because they're afraid to open up. Yeah, and I mean it's understandable. Everyone has their own story, you know, who knows what who could have hurt them and who could have done this who could have done that but no. Yeah, it's differently. What's up. I'm sorry. I said sometimes a lot of people think on things that happened in the past and they always it was Raymond things. They could have done differently and how the what ifs and maybe I should take the other there could have been if they did it that way. What is the Navy's psyche is that's currently a story. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. Not a good time. Well some stories and I will how about you tell you our story explaining how you begin? You got to like where you're at now because I'm assuming obviously no you had to you had to go through a lot. You know, you hold it? Yeah. Sorry explain your story. Let's talk about is this dive into the madness. Do you want me to start from the very very beginning or I think you should get close to like clothes like bragging that I've had I think like just talk about like where the where it was the like straw that broke the camel's camel's back. So in stage where it was just close to Doomsday, huh? Okay, and then if you want you can give some background text to it, obviously. Yeah. Okay. So I mean, I guess we can start off and I was a freshman in high school. I'm a senior now by the way. Okay, come here talk to us. Yes. I'm not going to name any names. But yeah, I understand. I was talking to this girl and I've been knowing her since elementary school, right and since then since their freshman year that little Frenchman relationship. Yeah. Well, it's always been it's always been that all you and I are going to be forever young. This is a forever thing together, you know going to be successful be something in life, you know going to be one of those relationships where you look at it. The park like I wish I had that when I was saying, holy shit you guys. Yeah. Yeah, but that's not how it always works don't know most relationships are destined to fail and that's like a scientific side to do perfect, but sorry continue. So yeah, I'm just going to go a little I'm just going to try to make a long story short fast forward a bit. We like I'm gonna I'm gonna throw in a few It's of what happened in that relationship little bit of context. So, you know, I was I was out here, you know, I was thinking I was the man and shit all yeah, we all know I had a girlfriend I had everything but I was like said I was playing soccer. I was fit. I was doing all this other shit, you know. Yeah, that's - I thought I was I was on top of the world man. Oh hell. Yeah. Nobody's going to get to me bro Mike. So up there now. No one can touch this. Yeah, I'm only a nobody can touch this. Yes. So what happened was I asked her? All right, and it was really weird how I asked her how I think I think it's I think everyone has had that weird stage of asking a girl out for the first time. I think we can all relate on that. So we were we were by some buildings at school. I were just sitting down together and like talking about, you know, talking it up a little Basics and stuff, you know, trying to trying to stir some more feelings into the pot gotta stay strong in the Mentos so I go on and I was like know what fuck it I'm going to do it. So I go to my Google translate write your Google Translate. No, no, no, no, no. No, it's not even that so I did is because I was taking a French class at the time right all that. I knew French so so it like give me a boost in a way. I don't know. I was pretty fucking retarded when I was young. So I didn't ask this girl. I asked her out. I asked her to be my girlfriend and friends so imagine. I said I like noodles instead of asking her out like music is in french fry and she's like what I'm like, yeah, and then I showed her my phone and she's like really the generic. Yeah, she's like yes, and I'm like better and like you know, it all just started pop off now I was like, you know felt like couldn't be heartbroken and then we went on a couple dates. I remember we had our my first kiss at our house cutting we couldn't resist the intimacy that we have is each other Temptation like two years from now, so but yeah, so I want on a couple dates and then I was supposed to participate in her 15th birthday as a as a dancer. Keep in mind. I'm the shit dancer and at the time it was Socrates and so I couldn't really make it to the practices and then I got hurt and then she kicked me out. Okay, so that happened and then literally a month from when we started dating she broke up with me. For the very first time she broke up with me. I must let her know we did. I I was at the time I believed I think I was in LA at the time and she told me oh, yeah, this is just hitting it work and I'm like pie and she's like, no. I just I just can't be with you and I'm damp brush it hurts. And then she blocked me from everything called like me on Snapchat. She and added me on Instagram. And you know, I was just trying to keep myself up trying to recuperate. Hello. How are you to bounce back from it? Especially obviously obviously wasn't over here at the time. So people tend to really people tend to like lie to themselves about being over something when in reality you're you're still head over heels for that person. Yeah. So what happened was I had one of her friends talk to her and be like, oh, he's really down for you. Now, you know, I've done that before it actually it actually worked. He started talking again dating. We were dating for quite a while. Actually. No, we were actually on the talking. It was an honor. I would like to take her flowers and shit. And then she she had this trip to Mexico cool. Oh sure. She and now you're good. So yeah, she had this trip to Mexico and she just wasn't the same anymore man. She was out there for like I think of month or like I don't know how long it was beautiful. I have a long and I like what I'm doing. At least the shit that happened to the way she was acting like you would have been that would have been okay, but like hunger to come back and just be like yo, what's up? I'm different now like it's different. I remember I got a I got a Snapchat from her and reading that. Oh, she's not in love with you anymore. She's with me now, and I'm like damn. I like shit, dude, you know, I don't know what to do. I mean it's the that was like the second time. She I don't even know it was her to be honest because it was just a black screen but you know like that type of shit hurts long specially she wasn't really talking to me either and then she came back right and she she was just distant. She was different. She wouldn't talk to me the same. She wouldn't talk to me like the same way that she used to when eat before she left. Just be like different, you know, no. Yeah Mike because if we were about to like pick out on a date or something, she was just different than she was talking like all other guys and stuff and it's just weird to see today like an 18 year old dude. I was like, I don't know man, you know, it's just do what you want. She wasn't acting the same. She wasn't doing everything the same. She was just different and like Was Won by I'm assuming she she oh God feeling For me again. So we if we got together again sometime. Oh, yeah, and another 15 things. She was a she was boasting about this one kid that was in her. It wasn't her party. Obviously, that's wrong. One for your holiday. They're so far down exactly. Like they they they just don't know what I know and stuff like that. So yeah, we are back together. We were actually did another time. She was the one that asked me out this time though. Oh, yeah, because I wasn't I wasn't too sure about unclear unclear unclear so I can understand. Yeah, I know but yeah, I was with this girl, so I obviously said, yes she has And that's when a month from now a month from that time. That's when the that's when the whole entire life changed like a split second shit. What happened? I got news that I was moving out to LA to oh, yeah. I remember that. I got a news man. and it was oozes devastating do because I had I had everything going on for myself at a good girlfriend. I was playing in a really good soccer team. I was I was just living through like, you know, you're living proof and you want to leave it was like paradise to me. It was like I wasn't I wasn't as happy as I was before. Oh, yeah, it was just really different. So yeah, we did was you know, we try to make the most of it, you know, try to spend as much time as adds together And yes, and as I move over there, I was just like how low salaries mundane shit. I try to I try to be like how I was over there like how I was here? Yeah, I were here at their try to fit in I'll make friends talk to people is that just wasn't the case of what always get like rejected her turned away. Like that's why that's why I like a lot of people that I talk to in my life now like they always ask me. Hey, why are you so quiet all the time, or why don't you talk to? Any more like no like like are you? Okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just I'm just used to being alone all the time because I tried out for the soccer team right over there and I obviously made I made the soccer team but I like how he's like, oh, yeah, you know, I tried of course, I fucking made it. Look who I am, but it's not how I meant it. Yeah. I got in teams so comes the first game. I played good right played good, you know and then like after the after that I gave me all just started to go downhill. I started playing like shit I practice like shit everything that I knew shit. It all just went to shit ass. Yeah. She's that in my my team has returned to hate me for it. So they were talking down on me didn't like me. That's when I felt that style. I feel like alone. I don't know what to do. But yeah over there since it was like a really big school. I would always hang around and staircases. That's that's it around the staircases. Yeah, so that's that and then now going back to this girl. Yeah, we were together for like like throughout the time that I was over there in LA throughout that time. Everything was just different. She always yeah, okay. The same we would obviously FaceTime every day. I remember to like it was just yesterday. We would face them every day. We would try to make the most of it but she started acting different. I started picking up on it. Yeah, so that made everything I'll talk citizenship is so it was obviously like a very difficult time for me because she would she would lie to me stuff. She'd lie and try to cover it up shut it and I whole bunch of stuff. I mean, I obviously I obviously wasn't a perfect boyfriend. We all have our faults, you know, it's perfectly understand. Yeah, I've lied before too and I can admit that I would get really jealous like half of the time. I mean that's kind of like one of the one of the things that every couple comes with the end of the day is like it's one thing to admit you're wrong, but then it's like it's another to accepting. Yeah, it's better. It's better to admit you're wrong then exactly how you said another way to accept it. I don't know. But yeah, but wasn't that wasn't perfect. She wasn't perfect either. But the thing with her is that she was a constant type of thing. So that's why it would affect me back and forth back and forth. So we were about to make a year and she would just argue with me all the time and stuff like that. I was just getting sick of it dude. I couldn't handle it anymore. I tried my best, you know, I try to give her everything until you get it all and I did and I did I did cover everything. I had I gave her every single last bit of me and who I am literally cause to destroy me dude, like it was it was just hard man, you know, that's when I decided to part my ways with her and stuff we were doing we were still in contact as if we were talking for like two and a half. straight dude like feelings just don't Quigley stuff Talia and never really truly get over someone and um we just kept talking like if she was trying to fix things and I was just being really pushy because I didn't know what she wanted oh yeah you didn't know what the outcome was she was looking for she's done this like three four times already hey I don't know what else to expect you know yeah a lot of people promised to change but they don't actually do it all for real no that's no that's fine I guess you can't blame At the end of the day because when you when you have your like one track mind set on something over and over you kind of tend to lose grip of kind of being able to get out of that phase. Get out of that state. Yeah, exactly. So we weren't we weren't together, but we were still talking, you know, because I was I still had hope that there was something here. Yeah. I had a whole hand. We were just talking and that's when I came back here. I moved back to Concord I moved back. Everything was different. I said I was different. I became wiser. I became stronger you grew from it. Trial and error will do some truth you yeah, and so me and this girl we just kept seeing each other, right? We just think I'm talking stuff like that same girl that you broke up with same girl, I believe over with We just we just kept talking like I like I didn't know I always had an issue with letting people go. You know that goes back to my first relationship shout out there. Imagine. She was a she was a good person The One That Got Away and she's gonna lie, although I think I think that was one of my first loves if not the first but yeah shoutouts Amanda she's here and I are cool. I mean we don't talk that much or we don't even talk period but I mean I was just doing good kind of wish the best for him. So yeah, I was here I could think that's kind of that's kind of where me and your friendship kind of started to become like strong. Yeah. Exactly. You were the only one that called me every single day checking up on me who play video games together, you know. Just get it. Yeah, we had to do something because I mean you can only talk on the phone for so long. You need to have like something to keep you occupied and the the crazy thing about it is that you barely knew me. So yeah, I did I did because when we started talking I think when I started like crazy Euro is there I mean God everything sure I was straight and I remember on you could always go to sleep I get around 5 p.m. And I don't know what to do. Yeah, my sister wasn't the best. Yeah, it's good. He goes to show how much we've grown at like 10:00. And we wouldn't be here talking about things. We've been through in life instead of this whole life. Shit is really weird. Yeah. So yeah, I mean this thing is going I'll get talking about trying to make things work. You can't hang with me where I went wrong. I kept pushing her away and stuff and I was hoping to try and she would shoot push me away. She would say. So that that went on for like a couple months ago the time that I was that I came back and I went off for months. We still kept seeing each other though. And then finally, we got to the end of it Dreadful Finish Line. we got to the end of it was it was one one day where she posted this one quote thing about love and how that the guy knew who he was and I was like damn so you found somebody up, you know, she's like, I found some videos stuff like that. I was just like it all just started to hit me. Yeah. I know that shit hurts like even if you and that by person were like not talking or even if you guys were talking you guys have In a relationship with you guys. You guys have felt the emotions you guys have. Like, you know, you know when you go through all the yeah, it hurts. It hurts. Some of that went on for like three years now. No, it hurts three years. It went on for three years to know that somebody you truly truly loved is going to be in someone else's arms. That's not yours and just knowing that they're going to be able to be happy with them. That shit hurts man. It hurts. It's like something out of you. I remember, you know, when when I heard about it, I didn't know I don't know what to do. I don't know how to cope. They're not a radiologist. It all just started. Like, you know, I'll just came at me like quick, you know. Oh, yeah know the world doesn't stop for nobody. Yeah just came at me and I was just like damn bro, like like that like yeah, bro, like like that like damn I that's that's crazy. That's like that's like three years of my time in love like all gone in a split second. And yeah, I mean, I hope she's happy, you know, you know what I mean? All she gotta was she She I guess he cut me off or something. You know, it's generic boyfriend type they liked if I guess you can say the year she cut me off three years man three fucking years. So yeah, she cut me off, you know party ways and they still here still hits me. Oh, yeah, it's always still gets to me sometimes just like I did everything with that person and then for them to just go and Go with somebody else even after all the promises. They've made after all the promises that I've made wide lies right now that still loves the whole line to a lot of shit. Love the things that thing that people don't tell you is that they tell you to watch out for drugs right here. Oh, yeah, they don't tell you how fucked up love will make you the head. Oh, yeah. I know love may just be the strongest dragon the world. They don't they don't tell you anything about love of course because people don't really necessarily understand or like humans don't necessarily understand what the animals is just a hormone. That would make them want to mate to us. We like have some sort of complex like thinking of it is different for us really different. But I mean, we could only hope to figure it out. You know and the future the longer and I think that's that's what just got to do got to wish for a better tomorrow regardless of how is looking at the moment. Yeah, so Fuck man. No, it's pretty heavy topic. Yeah, it is. It's a lot of thinking. if I could definitely go back in time, I would and I would try to do everything differently, you know, I thought I had more time but hitting I guess it didn't all go for nothing but And in the end it'll do only benefit me in it'll make me stronger. So you will go from this. We will learn you will adapt. Yes. I'm learning all that heartbreak into to freaking sweat Blood and Tears. I'm out here working on Jamie homework now knowledge, you know, it all just forges my mind to become a weapon so that the next time I encounter somebody. Counter this part Prevail. Oh, yeah, there's gonna be plenty of yeah. That's a that's a lot of fish in the sea, but there's only one fish in the sea. You know what I mean? Yeah, I think until we find that one fish that we're looking for, you know, and obviously it's not like an actual literal meaning but like, you know, like I figured it to in the figurative meaning once we find out that 1 1 because the river using fishes as a figurative symbol. No, but yeah, we're pretty sure I'm definitely going to be prepared for this for this person and it can take years and it doesn't really matter. But all I in the end you're going to be happy you're going to be able to sit on exactly I'm going to be happy and stuff. So oh, yeah, that's my apologies if you're my sister. Yeah, that's a little bit about about the most tragic thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life. Cool fire. That's that's that's why I'm pretty sure that's the biggest car. I have to be on top for me. What about what about you? I'm curious to hear about your story. Freshman year to it's funny. I was I think I think I explained in the last podcast. I was struggling to figure out who I was I was trying to just figure out my identity really in a sense kind of just figure out what I liked what I enjoyed and everything. Of course, of course, I think towards freshman year. I was barely grasping against I guess. Barely glasses grassing a glimpse of kind of what I could create. Goodnight what I could you know, like what kind of what I what I can do what I can do. and I As most High School Stories start there was a girl involved and this girl not I think I truly I truly love this girl this girl. She she I don't know what it was about him. I I don't even I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. But I really love this woman-girl. Sorry Michael. She's 56. She's not pretty imagine the biggest party ever. Library or in the library and she we're looking at books and shit. I don't know something for my class. We're looking around at books and shoot. I remember I saw her she was yeah, I forgot. I forgot what they were doing. But she was just chilling. She was doing something looking at a book and where I looked up and I look down real quick because I didn't want to seem like a creep, you know, if I can staring at the girl for like five minutes, but no. Yeah. I just went back on my phone and then I look up like just a bit and then the corner of my eye do I see her she's looking back at me like smile. Island and said do it I'm like man, I think I'm about to fall in love like yeah, it's a stupid to say but the little is the littlest things will literally make us fall in love and even if he's just eye contact, even if it's just like contact just a little bit of noticing. Yeah, but now I was thinking of myself at first I was like aw shit and you know the kind of kind of made me feel all warm inside. No. But yeah, no But as time went on I was like, you know, I could probably really do something. Like I was I was getting like toss about like if I could try it and at the time I was all like you know what I think it's I was like I need to I need to I need to not understand not over think I need to pursue this I need to do it and it didn't turn out so well, it's just You ever like you ever know the potential that's there for a certain subject. Yeah, definitely but yeah, definitely and this release feel it. Yes. I feel that I was like you'll be could really do something here. We can really like it can really make a classic looking at really yeah, like we can really be Romeo and Juliet without the suicide dude. I don't know exactly literally make up something that they'll study in the history. Classes dude, literally, yeah, it's like like yeah, you know, I know I definitely get what you mean. Yeah. No, it was there's a lot of potential and no I loved it. I loved her a lot. She she helped me out through a dark time at the at that time. I don't know. I don't know. I will I will never truly know how she really felt about me. I mean, although although I love using shit that she told me all their excuse me. Excuse me. Hold on plus you mother you were saying you love their I loved her and she she helped me out through a dark time, and I don't know if she'll love her truly. I don't know. She she felt the same way for me. He seemed nice. She felt the same way. I know she did. She literally told me and it's just how can you tell someone that you truly do love them, you know like you to literally as she told me was oh, yeah. No, I like, you know, like they really ask me don't you want to go out? I'm all like no. No, they asked me. Do you like me? I do you like me? I'm all like yeah, I like you and then they're like no. No. Yeah. She was all like like like me like this. You literally that's what she said. like, you know like like me and I remember I looked her in the eyes and like yes, I do. I like I love you a lot like that. You were you're truly truly a you know, a blessing really are blessing to me here. You're in you're my light. I was cheesy shit. I was just touching you hear any background noises. Oh, no, it's cool. I think I think it's like a formation in the background. I am writing a poem. Smile Uncle but regardless of where we're at now, I think I just I hope she's happy, you know, I hope she's and all the I love yous and how the cow We literally had talks of making a family dude. Like I know this sounds stupid bro, but it's a glitch have talked. So just listen, he's saying to you're going to be the father to my kids. I'm all like if that'd be an honor. But for that girl, I don't know it was it was it was nice though. It was it was beautiful. I try I liked it. I loved it the last time. Just I guess I was just wasn't the one II truly I fought and I fought so many times where I backed her up in so many arguments every oh, yeah, like around like I think around the time it is I coming towards the end. All my friends would be like bro quick trip. And do you need to be moving on but like come on like it's not worth it. Don't waste your whole high school years on this shit. Am I like like obviously they yeah. They have a good point. I could waste my it's not regardless of what they said about. I still doctor Could be could be my you know. Stubbornness, but I always thought for her regardless. But I don't know I'll probably I'll probably never get some closure from this whole situation of Ages. I just have to live with that, you know every day it gets easier little tougher without her here and there but I'm ground and then I'm going to be okay, I think maybe somewhere down the road. We might meet up at the right time. But like if not, I think that's not it. I think I can be I think I'll be okay. I think I probably got it. Hey guys, meet up. You know just again, I be your one dude. Got to be patient. Oh, yeah. But I during that during that whole time that's like talking with his girl having all these little experiences with this girl. I would like my grades were failing. My grades were calling. Yeah, like badly. I'm a i-i-i was terrible. I didn't noticed that it was a lot until I got called into the account. His office and they sat down and they said hey you kind of can't be here anymore. And I my first I'm thinking like I can leave the counsel's office. Do you like I ain't trippin? Yeah. What do you mean? Getting close finally started like reconnecting and shit. And then she then they hit me up saying I don't think we can do this anymore. Just feel one should go to a lumpy. Listen. I told them to relationship takes to two people at a hundred percent. You can't just have one being at 15 other can't have. Yeah exactly. Yeah. They're like like you said, there's so many what ifs and maybes that I could have done and I think about non-stop, but I knew I would sound like a lot of things we could have done differently. Yeah out of my control and when I went to Olympic to after all that shit happened. Yeah. I was a junior when I showed up to Olympic. I need like a hundred and twenty seven credits and I was missing that much and I needed I needed that I needed that much to Wait and God when I saw that there was I was living at that point. I was like, oh no, I can't do this. I'm screwed. I was literally thousands dead asking about the research of like, you know, what's the adult Edge school over by conquered by Buena Vista little this. Yeah. I was thinking of shit, bro. I'm pretty sure but yeah, that's cool. Right? That's us. Yeah Dolph the does cool. Yes, some of us. Yeah after exposing I had to do them and when I was enrolled in everything in a living, but I was just I was depressed on top of like, you know not being able to like secure the in a secure like an actual relationship with this girl on top of lose your dad. I'm living being told that I'm going to lose my schooling. I'm going to be Lou I'm going to lose that I had to leave all my friends. And I fuck with Brad white be all my friends and it was where her do they really hurt and to go to a school like Olympic man. I was I was being called her stupid left and right I was being bullied and it was terrible man. I couldn't take it. I was literally it was stated to show you mentality. I thought my psyche nah, it was it was a lot to take in and I remember I even asked him like, so be sure to up with me man. I congratulate on And they looked at me man. They gonna give me the standard at all. Never forget. They looked at me and I was looking at like I was not making direct eye contact because I find that shit I get too nervous doing them and while I'm weird like her but yeah, I'm really said they're like, they literally sitting like an uneasy way to like like you can do it dude, but it's it's it's it's not you know, something might not be over. You might not make it basically we said you can do it as possible, but you got to work. Your ass off basically. Yeah, you can't have any day offs or anything. No slacking nothing. I was literally like missing days of school at Olympic as I did not want to go there and I hated being there. I hated it. I just everyday bras when I want to go back to my friends. I wanted to just It hurt it hurt. Losing that girl feeling for the is basically basically have the same circumstance dude. It's just that I moved from City to City and I moved. Oh, yeah, and then I forgot when I forgot what happened, but I started to take my shit up. I started to pick up my slack because I said to myself if I can because I asked Think about to YZ like if I got x amount of credits and they're all like Maggie you can't do it. You can't go back. I'm all like, oh fuck is about to be sworn background noises, okay. Nah, man, it hurt and I decided finally to just stop moping around crying over these two subjects of this girl and like my schooling wasn't going to help seven years. I felt like it was Olympic and go to back to one of these. I need a I need to switch it up. I need to change this trailer. So I started working we making day and night day and night I was I was no I was doing stop being stubborn give it to me in here. You were dry your on the ground man. I respect that all sides are all those all those in my head was a graduate on time. Hey guys, you been on time. I need to make a happy because I got to make my family proud and I gotta help my mom. I gotta make my sister Prouty. I guess you mean dude I get what you mean. Got to make my family proud. Are you trying to make a name for ourselves? Dude? It's not easier. We're first gens de actually doing something with our lives man. You definitely get what you mean a lot of pressure. Oh, it's hella pressure. It's a lot of pressure so weird. 25 to graduate and I'm going to be able to graduate on time and if I keep up like the minimum I've been doing I might even be able to graduate early to which is it's awesome. No, it's amazing you when I first heard that I was not to sound like a bitch to rely almost sounds kind of teared up because like no man all the odds its natural, dude. All natural you can do it on my way. Fuck dude. And then I like you did that shit yo, I fucking did that suit that I like the granite still don't like that was the that was the deal breaker for you do that was that was your that was your sparckman know? I definitely give us you mean we're giving you had your you had your back against the wall you have odds anywhere, dude. You deserve the success at the end of the same time though. I do sometimes not. I don't like enjoy it as much as I should because I still with the motivator so it's just completely. Okay. Yeah, so I mean whatever we go through it doesn't not saying that it doesn't matter but it certainly is okay to feel that way. So fear is a pretty good thing to help you do something it reminds us that were so human Yeah, it depends what you do on it. You can't let any mobilizer. You need to turn it into something else. You need it. Yeah now I mean I still don't like the fact of him go to a fucking continuations go over like every time I say I go I'm going to a living brother like ah shit. You're like, yeah brother. Hey man, but that takes a lot of heart courage and character to say that you're going to a continuation school because there's people out there. I still say that they go to their normal high school. So I mean, I mean it it's it I don't blame them either, but it just know that you got a lot of balls and people's witness English became the Halls. So just don't worry about it. It's still still kind of stings that. That's where I'm at. But I mean like I'm just looking at is that's my punishment for slacking off so many times but you've paid your dues and that's what matters I may still have to keep paying them. Who knows. Whoo. Now that girl regardless of what she did to me man. I still got Madam speaker. Even if even if all my friends disagree with you and of all my friends oppose of it. Yeah, even if they understand that I'm sorry that you know, you you're looking at that situation like that but night she's not so gonna I still got respect her. Regardless of where she ends up she ends up with it's going to stay and it's going to hurt and I know that it's it's going to hurt it's going to hurt badly and I just I think eventually I'm going to truly truly feel. Comfortable in my own skin sort of kind of kind of kind of evolve, you know kind of be reborn as someone coming better. Yeah, someone who actually cares about their well-being I was I was depressed as hell during those stages now, it was bad. It was really bad God now, but it was crazy experience for crazy riding No, yeah, I think no I think I'm gonna be okay. I think we'll be okay. I think we'll be. All right, dear. I man, yes, sir. Man, what the topic is? Yeah. That was I was I was good. Now. We don't have to hear people asking as well goes on through our heads we will oh no, where is he talking about it to hear this this this is only the beginning dude. This is only the beginning we're here to use this platform to not only voice what we have. And what we think about what how how we go about things is just also to explain or know not to explain to to give a voice to those who don't think about stuff like this. You don't think about and they to the people that feel alone if they feel that they cannot relate to any of the stuff that they're going through with anybody. Hi, this is going to help enhance their voice that they lost long ago while stealing with the crippling. Thing that we just that we call anxiety. We're going to be okay though truck we're going to be we're going to be. All right, I think. No, we're going to be good this fucking this world man. It's fucked up it baby on fuck that. It's it's not even going into politics and it's not the best if we just treat our next Generations the right way and just if we just talk No. Yeah, but I think you're catching us. I think we could we could be doing we could be good. We should get a wish for a better tomorrow actually work towards it because most people always say, oh, you know just good things will happen if you wait and I kind of agree with that but I believe that good things won't just happen. If you where you got to work up towards your goal man. Can't be waiting around sitting in the just hoping one day is going to hit you'll be like bowling. I know what I want to do not like you gotta work up to Or that man. Yeah, I've dream a goal is not a goal. Unless you have steps to plan that go if you don't have steps for that goal, then it's just a dream. That's all it is. You don't fail you're not succeeding either. All right, come on over here spitting philosophy philosophy like shit, like fucking the next Socrates brother's crazy. I haven't philosophy. No, this is a little little depressed. You know, I'm not gonna lie, but I mean, I hope this pool our hearts out. So yeah, next topic should be a bit more lighthearted. That's what I'm looking for. Now. The next topic will be so depressing. It'll be a little bit more upbeat up like that. We are recording this at 10:14 p.m. So, you know, I hear sad boy hours sadboys hours. Now, yeah, but now this was good to get off my chest especially over. This girl is almost pulled strings with me out. He was it last it was fun while it lasted and I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm better and stronger for it. Konami and I think next topic is going to be good. Does that conclude this one or I think yeah, I think this is a good place to end it I think yeah we got. Yeah, we got off our main points or main ideas. We know everything. I think if one were to summarize this whole podcast up in a couple sentences or a couple words would have to be everybody struggles with depression everybody struggles with anxiety. Everyone loved and loved everyone struggles with their demons man. But if we just give a voice to the youth and actually speak for them and are not only for you dude. It's for you. It's for everybody everybody. We need to stop looking at depression as it's like a thing to shame shame. Or like no we need to get these people help like we need to help them out. We need to be there for them. We need to be that friend. We need to be their life in these dark times that we fucking deal with alone and teenagers are looked at as like teenagers are already looked at all. They're just kids. It doesn't matter. It's a phase, you know, but sound of theta this is these are actual emotions that we are feeling we have to we have to step up man. We have to this is we need to not be known as this generation was just fucking clings onto Stick things and just throws away everything else that they know or fucking love know. We need we need to change that. We were looking we are generation is looked at is not the brightest and I mean it's understandable. But no we need to let's do good. Let's fix his Generations. Let's make our generation be known for something not so not mediocre, but not so bad. It sounds it sounds insane because she's two teenage boys Trying to make a difference and a very very very big impact. Yeah, today's world. No. Yeah, it's but but we can we can definitely do it a hundred percent. We can definitely do it. I think we can do it. No. Yeah, we should be good be good. Oh, yeah, there's a lot of fucked up shit in this world. But as long as we stick together deal with that shit together, we can make it take over this world and we have really can do no, sir. Is it helps to have a friend there when you're going through it though? It smells massively and I know when you wince when is the Pressman you just want to isolate isolated not talk to nobody but just just put in that effort to go meet up with your friend or to go outside and see if an ER call up your friend. He just a littlest things that will help you out in the long run. It may not feel like it's helping at that moment. But you wouldn't you wouldn't you would just know that at that time when you were sad you had that friend who helped you out you had you had that person man who backed you up during all that shit just helped you out. Yeah, the input have your the possible own song. It was even his song it was off of it was posted. Laughs. Yeah, no. No, it was yeah, I heard it. Okay. Yeah. No, but she still on the topic to that's all that matters. Yeah. She's feeling it. Yeah, but not thank you for joining me today Chris my co-host of this new antisocial podcasting that we agree. Yeah, there's chairman. We're this is only beginning. This is just a couple steps in we're not even we're not even halfway. We're not even a quarter of being halfway there. Yeah reverse this is just starting and we're going to have some more little some little guest stars on the show, too. I say go for you know, we're gonna Some people hop on the podcast with us as well and kind of talk about their story talk about an important moment in their life or just just talk about yourself in general assembly. Just let them get some stuff off of their chest. Tell your stories kids. I'm a little plus you have us do a little bit of exactly tell us your story. Let the people know what you want them to know regardless of if it's going to hurt someone else's feelings or not hurt. Someone else's feelings regarding you regardless if they're going to feel better it over. Speak your word speak your words speaking. Truthfully. I think just get out there man people which are about to let people know that our generation is not just about fucking kids on their phones. Like let them know my we have emotions dude. We're going through shit and parents. Just look over it. There's you look over there. Like there's nothing man. We need to let's make it be known that our generation is not known for that. We need to be we need to work on that. We need to work on that. Nah it we I'm actually excited that guest stars on the show. It's gonna be nice to see how our chemistry mixes in with their chemistry, you know, kind of see that all flourish running from turn on front but like, you know right here on the owners on the end and the the show the sir, I think that's a good place. This has been the antisocial podcast season 1 episode. We'll come up with the title later. Yeah, well, we're come up with the title later. Yeah. All right. This is me signing out Ricky Ortiz host joined by my co-host. See you guys later. That is nice. Alright. See you next time. Have a good night. You too, man you to appreciate it. Love you. Love you too, bro.