Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh. Well, that's a long story. But briefly yeah. Yeah. Basically it all happened really quickly in the span of a few months kind of a really quick turnaround from my life was going One Direction based on the decisions that I was making in the lifestyle that I was living in college and then I graduated college and then I went on a trip to Israel and then had my life turned around completely when I was in Israel and then decided after the Israel trip. Was in June that I was going to apply for BSM, but again didn't do that until August. So it was kind of these. Let's see this like month and a half probably about span of time between life turned around completely decided to go to be SSM and then showed up and it's just been a wild ride. Honestly that answer your question. Yeah little intro about yourself. Yep, so, Any ships in your past or like tell me what that might look like for you? Yes, I've had I've had a few I would say more serious probably to actually serious relationships that were long-term one when I was in my coming out of my senior year of high school into college. So 18 19 years old and then I had another one when I was I think I was it was the end of my sophomore year in college, which was a not one of those kind of on and off a little bit. Oops, but altogether time spent probably about three ish years total, I would say yeah, so those that one that one is probably the most serious. I guess you could say air quotes in the air right now about yesterday. There's there. Yeah, that's my bad. And so that I would say that's probably been definitely the most serious because I mean 18, you're still kind of you don't really know. Yeah, you know, I'm like you think you do. Yeah. Definitely. Yeah, but it's interesting that you guys dated for three. years and you just like Felt like it wasn't going to work out or like where they're supposed to pick red flags that like you caught her picked up on. Yeah, this is yeah, so great question. Um, the relationship itself was not A healthy relationship on either side. The relationship itself kind of was in constant stress of fear based decisions one trying to control the other and this kind of power struggle. And we we started dating I met her through the party scene. I was in a fraternity in college and she was in a sorority so that whole Greek life kind of Cesspool of just partying and I mean just just Shenanigans really it really is it really is just kind of crazy. Over the place and so I kind of met her in that life. And so that's kind of what our religious relationships gives me surrounded was kind of always going out with a bunch of people and stuff like that. So we didn't really build a strong connection. She and I yeah, and I mean in that life, you know, it's like there's not there's not the concept that I understand now of a pure relationship as far as you know sex and things like that and so this was not not a pure relationship and that sense. And so that was kind of something that you always would rely on. To fix the problems rather than actually hashing it out and realizing, you know getting to know the person things. Emotional, right? Yeah, and I would say as far as red flags. I feel like the sad thing to say like it's sad but I think it's true. Like I really never saw it actually amounting to anything in my life. But kind of what happened was a familiarity about it where it was almost as codependency on there was something about being in a relationship that I think affirm something in me that I was desired that I was wanted. And so because of that I would go back to it rather than even though and I think in my heart I actually A new like I didn't see myself really marrying this person. I didn't see it really working out no matter how many different situations I would play out of my head of maybe it would work this way. Maybe it worked that way try to rationalize. You know, how I could have a happy life, even though I wasn't happy currently how that could possibly work. But at the end of the day like I knew in my heart of hearts, even if I didn't admit it to myself that it wasn't actually going to work out and so what that cause was actually like my heart to completely turn off and so I distance myself relationally from the whole situation. So I was very kind of cold where I could put on a face that I needed to And in any situation, especially with her but I I was I was cold. I was cold hearted and it's it's really sad honestly because you know, that's three years that I don't think it's time wasted because there's still a lot of great things. Yeah, you and I are very similar in that aspect that like my past relationships. Like I like started off my relationships in the party scene. And so outside of that like drunken stupor that I was always an early outside of like being high drunk or whatever like I never Ever like have this emotional connection with someone and if I hurt them or if they hurt me like we would just like get drunk and like do whatever and everything would be like fix and like it was like there was no connection at all. So I think we both had that similar aspect of relationships were like there was like no like communication or anything like that. Yeah, at least not a lot of healthy communication, you know kind of cheese. It's the classic. Okay. Well, we're going out again. I wonder you know who's going to explode this time, you know. It's just like going through the motions of like well. Relationship is price we have to do what the world says. I'm like, yeah, there's like no core values or no like Christian foundation on yeah look like it. That's how it was for me. Anyway. Yeah. Well, yeah because for me my thought at the time also, it was just related to the Walk of Life that I was in there was that I was not interested in this Christian lifestyle that all the Christians were living because I thought it was lame. I thought that they were lame people that had a lame rules and did lame things for fun. Yeah, honestly, which is it's funny, you know now yeah, but You know at the time that was kind of how I saw the world. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. So we're there some like looking back on now, you're like dying like I should have done that or like yeah, I would say probably for sure. Um, that's a really big that's a big question. That's honestly no. No, that's good. Any yeah. I mean, I would say probably the biggest issue which related not just two girls in general, but I think just kind of how I lived. My life was I was really good at being what I thought the other person needed me to be but I was not comfortable with being who I actually was. You know what? I mean? And so that was always kind of a think a real issue was that from the beginning? They never actually knew me and from the beginning they never actually me and then later on if I would try to be something about myself it would be met with kind of this abrasion that word. It would be met with kind of this like yeah, there was an issue because it was almost like a wait. What was that? And so then I had to shove how I actually felt back down and continue putting on this face. And so, you know, it just kind of it creates an end. In authenticity I would say is the biggest thing is just trying trying to be what I thought everyone wanted me to be at the time. You aren't like your authentic self right in the sense that you shared your emotions or let your guard down. Yeah, like you said earlier like you became very cold and my heart grew cold. Yeah, you weren't able to see the girl or see the woman like the way that Jesus sees. Yeah, because like you were just like so caught up in your own emotions and your own self. Yeah, and I think I mean honestly, but I was kind of a jerk probably I mean really I because The lifestyle that I was around in the people that I was around nice guys finish last was you know, the classic motto which it's so redundant and over said but I saw it happen again and again and again and again and again like the girls wanted these so if you want it if you wanted a girl to like you you have to kind of put on this thing that you were like that you were you were confident. You're also kind of a jerk but you're also but it was like a jerk because of house. Yeah, absolutely. No, sir, it literally literally know if but which is sad, but at the same time I definitely fell into some of that because like I said, I was a person that was observing what was going on and then also trying at the same time to fit into that world to be accepted and to be in all areas. And so that was something that came out. Like I definitely been a jerk of definitely said things that I wish that I hadn't said so definitely in that sense. I think that from the beginning there was not a lot of Up of myself or other people so that would be definitely places where I deeply deeply fell and fell hard that's good. So like looking back like Waters like some big things that you've learned or like how has like your past walk transform the way that you see dating now and like what are some like core values that you have right now within like Christian dating. Yeah. That's a great question. I know like you've had such a radical transformation like from where you were like and then come in and like have an encounter with God and like you've literally been changed from the inside out. So like what are some core values that you you have now that the Lord has given you yeah, I think Inside Out is really good point because like it was definitely an inside job before you start to see things, you know manifest is a change on the outside. So like I said what didn't work in the past was everything like, you know, like everything about my lifestyle just screamed help, you know what I mean? But there was nobody that recognized that not even myself to be able to offer that assistance to offer that that arm that I needed until I had an encounter with God where he was actually Waiting for me, you know what I mean? And so I think moving forward what that has done is I've experienced a lot and kind of relationships and just like dating in general and like, you know, I think that it's being able to have seen a variety of different ways that people interact that I've interacted with with with girls in like relationship type situation specifically has put a me a really a really D value for honesty for Transparency and like so important. Yeah, like in the secular world. That is like Not a thing, right transparency. Yeah for me anyways in my passing ships. No, I never let somebody in. This is because I had this facade of like what I wanted someone to see me as and so no one ever really knew like what was going on within me. Yes, I think transparency is very important. Yeah, I 100% agree with you and it's because I've been in a similar place where I wasn't transparent that it's I know that I owe it to myself to honor what I know to be right first with me. So first with me I have to be I have to be comfortable to be confident. I have to be willing to be transparent. And I can't rely on someone else's willingness to be transparent for me to put my foot forward and to be transparent and to be honest. And so I think one of my core values now is just as without being like it sounds shallow, but really it's like just beat for me. It's like being man, you know, like just be a man in the sense of like a man steps forward a man goes to fight a man goes to war traditionally historically speaking. So why not bring that into every aspect, you know, if inside of me there's this desire to to fight for something. That's right then why not? Do that in relationships as well. And so for me, I think that creates like I said the desire to be transparent and what I've been learning and this is like, I mean literally today I've learned another example of how sometimes you have to be willing to be vulnerable with the person that you care about the most that you trust cares about you the most in order to accomplish something that wouldn't be accomplished by just sweeping it under the rug. Yeah, if you yeah, if you sweep it under the rug, it's gonna come back. It's going to come back you can only Yeah, because it's like telling a lie a sweeping under the rug is almost like telling a lie, because Allah you have to continue to tell more lies to continue to make that light Ruth. If you sweep one little thing under the rug, then you have to keep sweeping under things out of the rug until all of a sudden there's an elephant in the room and then someone's got to either it breaks the relationship completely or you have to go back through a thousand different things instead of the one and so for me if I can just be the one to come forward with something that I have that can stop that possible situation. That's a deep value of mine. So, I think that that's connected. Above all has to transparency. Does that make sense? I think another core value that's really important is having the bigger picture in mind. And when I say that it's I learned this actually learned this probably before by live got completely saved but it was more advice that I dished out to sound good rather than actually embodying it in my own life. But to leave to leave her better than you found her and not in the sense that there's something wrong with her when you find her but when you get into a relationship with with a girl and likewise, I think it's probably flipped around on the other side as well. I'm just healthy in general you have to understand that this person is walking into something with just as much stuff as you. I mean the Bible says you can't you can't address somebody's little stick unless you want to pull that log out of your eye. So it's not in my place to look at them and whatever baggage air quotes. There's air quotes here, whatever quote baggage they may be walking in with and not and not be willing to be honest with myself about you know, the wedding train of baggage. That I have behind me. And so what I'm saying is when you come it when I when I do I can't speak for other people when I come into a relationship. I have to understand or just a friendship in general but especially getting to know like a girl intimately on a relational level because I learned that intimacy and sex are separate and I learned that the hard way and to be able to know that above all else you honor so honor I think is a big one. You honor who they are and you honor their future. Her just as much as I honor mine. So from the sense of that, I think it would be to leave to leave her at least having an understanding of what it looks like for me to believe how a girl should be treated. So what does that look like for me? That looks like me, you know simple little things, you know opening the door always always saying what's on my mind being able to look her in the eyes and tell her something and say it and mean it and look her in the eye so she knows that I mean it because you know, people are smarter than you think you think you're smarter than everybody until you meet someone that's you know, yeah not an idiot. You know what I mean? It's so important. It's like it actually drives me insane when they these people that they don't they don't seem to care who they hurt along the way as long as because I've been that person. I've been that person. It doesn't matter. I'm gonna get to there. Let's let's say it's like get to sex or something. I'm going to do anything and be anyone to have to be until I get to sex them going to leave and they're going to be stuck thinking. What went wrong. What did I do wrong? So my thought is why would I do that? Why would I leave someone with that question in their mind that they were never met that girl is someone's daughter that grows some what that is. It was first of all, she's a daughter of God. So that alone that's not a dad. I want to piss off and so like at the same time like I'm not like it is so far outside of my desire to not leave somebody knowing what it is that they're worth. Or maybe it was like three or four weeks ago. I remember asking like are you ready today? Like and you are opening up to me and you're like, yeah, like I want so badly just to pick a woman up and treat her the way that she deserves and I remember you telling me that like whenever you pick this girl up for a date that you wanted to make sure that your car was clean. Your car was wash your shirt was I I'm like everything was put together and I was so taken back by that because I've never been treated like that by a guy like I was always just like whatever like Larry's ant like let's go get everything like it was just like so cool and like so healing to me. Me to see they like you like there's actually Godly men out there that are going to honor women and treat them the way that they deserve to be treated but it's so cool. And I want to frame me that you actually do hold true to these core values because like like you are a man of your word and you're a man of integrity and like everything that you have said like you hold true to that and like you lived like I see live it every single day. Thank you, and I really honor you for that and it's been so healing to me to watch you in this process and watch you to pursue like this woman who like I don't know. It's just amazing to see this. So yeah, I just want to honor you in that thank you. Tell you that like it's so healing and like for all you other girls out there that are listening to this like he is so real and like there are guys who are going to pursue you and treat you the way that you deserve to be treated. All right, I can talk about that if you want to go for it, you know like it so I should soak sit like fired up about this, um in a simple sense. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. And also to be fair to anyone is listening or just so No, it's not because I am I'm this all knowing this person. This this great amazing guy. What I've done is I've I know what I feel to be the right thing to do and instead of just hoping one day. I figure it out. I've decided to actually start taking action towards that and hoping for the best. What does that look like? That looks like when I first told her that I like her that was that in itself was a further step towards her than I had received towards me. I didn't know. Like if she liked me we got along and stuff sure but I didn't know she liked me but I had to be willing to step towards riches possibility of rejection to let her know how I feel because that's what she's worth. Yeah. Yeah. I actually didn't realize that till after the fact which explains why I was so terrified, you know, I was like I couldn't breathe, you know blacked out. You know, I have no idea what's gonna so, how did that go? She's like smiling. I was like, there's no way it went that. Well, you know, but it was really it really was the first time in my life that I'd I took that risk, but if it's not someone that you're willing to take a risk for then on the girl's perspective. Why would you want to date somebody that's not willing to take a risk to let them know how you feel about them. And so and in my opinion might and I may be wrong. I don't know but in my opinion it's the guys responsibility to pursue a woman. It's his responsibility to risk rejection because she has to be worth that. You know what I mean? She has to be worth the risk of rejection and she doesn't she shouldn't like I was talking to one of your friends one time where it was like this weird dynamic and trying to read too deep into like sir. Messages and liking pictures and stuff like that. Not that there's anything wrong with that but at the same time like I don't believe that that that it's like a woman should have to feel like she has to coerce a guy into asking her out. You know, I don't I don't think that that is the way that it was intended and I think it's worth waiting for like to not settle. I think it's worth not settling. Tells us that he who finds a wife finds a prize so that like insinuates that he is the one who are like women are the one to be pursued and he's the one to pursue the woman. Yeah, and that's the way that God designed for it to be. Yeah. Yeah. So so good so cool that like you really hold true to that core value and like it's in the guy's DNA like they got the mail and the relationship is the Hunter and like us women like we're the one that they're going after so it's in your DNA to like go after what you want science. Yeah, and like it's just girl is easier if the woman is easy or Were and their relationship than like were taken away or would D masculinizing what the what God created the man to do and I just want to empower women out there to like let the guy pursue you like you don't have to do anything. And if mmm if he's worth pursuing you than like he will and if not, then like wait until someone is going to pursue you and don't allow like coming on too strong like damask Eli's the man and relationship. Yeah, I which I feel like if and what I've seen and you can correct me if I'm wrong. It's been a lot of If you find yourself constantly worried about what it is you need to do to try and present this. Person that you think he wants to see to ask you something then that's like stop I would stop right there because as a guy I know I'm intelligent enough to know. When I like somebody and it doesn't it doesn't matter, you know, how they looked at day it necessarily, you know what I mean? Like it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter that the way the way that they speak. It doesn't matter that they're always on their a game. It doesn't matter that they're that they're this that they're that know like you see the person you feel who they are and that's what you want to do. And I mean honestly to the emasculation thing, I mean that's that's pretty real. It really is. I was fortunate enough. Can I real quick just say something about that? Okay. I like I grew up with a with a dad in Life and he was the one that I got that from my mom would tell me as well. She said your dad, you know, your dad would always take take his car get it washed. He would details car for you went on a date. My dad would tell me. Yeah, like when I went out I probably went on my first date sometime when I was in high school or like, you know taking to like a homecoming dance or something like that. And that was all right, you can make sure you open the doors for her. You know, you're going to make sure that you treat her like a lady because any looks me in the eye and he goes because you treat her like a lady because that's someone's daughter and you don't forget that and and so I had the privilege of being told that from a young age. So that was ingrained in me more so than it is and a lot of men these days and not that that's an excuse but it is like it is something to be to be recognized. I feel like that it's it's sad that there's there's been that that gap between like I don't know maybe I'm just old-fashioned but I just feel like there's there's such a gap between what I see and how I like to live in like how my brother lives and how how a lot of these guys that we've talked to. Um, it's like they hear things for the first time whenever you're telling them. It's like dude, you actually have to just go and and be willing to go for it. But then you see the reward that they get whenever it works out and if it doesn't work out that sucks, you know bummer, but at least you did what you were supposed to because at the end of the day when I told her if I like her she gets to know how I feel. Yeah, and there's clear air between us like even if she doesn't feel the same way back there's no or do they thinking what's going on? There's less confusion and it just comes down to just being honest and authentic. On all ends and then you know the desire to hold the door, you know and iron your shirt will come with it. You know what I mean? But it's like those are like those are fun little things, you know from the south. That's yeah we get that we get that big time, but it's just yeah, it's just I don't know so I went on a rant there. I love what you said about like that is someone's daughter. Like if you go into a relationship or like you go on a date remembering that and like you could avoid Heartache by just like seeing this girl is like a sex icon or like seeing someone that you just want to have sex with and then leave like you would actually treat her like the woman that she is like that would avoid heartache on her and I feel like that would like essentially reduce the identity crisis that we have in America today like it starts with the man and it starts with the man like treating a woman how they're supposed to be treated them. Like we wouldn't have this huge identity crisis like we We wouldn't have self-worth problems because half of the self-worth problems that women have are routed from the way that they're treated by men. Yes, their boyfriends or whoever yes, but I think that's so cool. And yeah that like that was instilled in you from a very young age. Yeah. I do feel very fortunate for that. And I know you're right. You're absolutely right. It's crazy though, because use like, I growing up with the friends that I had even even in the fraternity where it is not I don't care what you think about paternity fraternities fraternities. They do. Yeah, they do philanthropy work and stuff like that. But it's also like very much about groupthink. Yeah, and it's also very much not about honoring women. It's not about honoring women. Like I'm sorry like it's true. It's not about honoring women. It's about dude. What's your what's your body count? What's your this? What's your that? I'm sorry, like that's act like it makes me sick that I used to talk with people like that because that's so far beyond like and we would talk about like Going to have a kid who's going to have this or whatever like you probably have a daughter and he's like, oh, I would never want a daughter. Why does he not want a daughter? Because he knows how he's treated women his entire life and he would never want that for his for his own daughter. Yeah here he goes continuing to live his life like that. That's like a wake-up moment. It's like if you wouldn't like, oh, you know, it's that is something it's just there's such a low value on people that needs to be raised and it needs to be raised by people knowing the truth about like put something in perspective for once and it's just selfish. I mean at the end of the day it really is and I love like with you like this transformation that you had all it took was one encounter with God and like to touch you and transform you from the inside out and like you like it changed the way that you treat people in general and like especially treat yourself and treat women and I love it. Like if you can have that anyone can have your like any guy to see any girl can have it because like we I know we've been talking about guys a lot but girls like I apologize on behalf of all women who treat guys like their dogs and like treat them like they don't have emotions because they do and like we like This victim mentality like everything is like all on us and like we put it on the guy and like I apologize on behalf of all women for that because like it's like it's not just the guy like the girl plays just as much role and emasculating men as anything. Yeah, but just real quick tell me some of your Christian boundaries that you feel like have been set in stone since you have started walking and relationship with Jesus like like it my relationship or in your relationship. Okay, the the unnamed woman she's remarried may not have been staring at me this whole time. She would be yeah. No, that's that's another where it was another opportunity for me to practice intentionality honesty transparency. And where that actually was able to start was me being willing to tell her that I like her that first step towards being bold enough to say that set the foundation for that to continue to happen in all ways. Sitting on the table to be discussed is a big thing that we have in our relationship. No matter what it is. We're both pretty like raw authentic people. So it doesn't matter actually like what it is if it's about sex if it's about struggles if it's about what it is, you're walking through let's talk about it because we don't want something to be affecting us when we could talk about it together if we want to grow in this together and we both see this going Going the Distance and so at the same time being able to be authentic and honest with each other allows us to like move towards that path. Fatso I mean straight up I just told her I was like, hey, I'm here to protect your heart. Like this is I want to do this the right way and I want to do this in protection of you protecting. You also protects me. It's a letting you know, and what does that look like that looks like I mean, there's not like a strict rule book, but at the same time like always asking questions like how is this like is this like like we're not going to be that Christian couple that doesn't kiss but at the same time we know that we can't be like, you know doing doing other like super sexual stuff. it takes away from the the ability to to give each other something in marriage, you know, and so being able to recognize that but always checking in. Hey, are you are is this? Okay like things like that? Yeah. So I really love the Purity that both of you guys bring to the relationship because that's something that the Lord has given you and it's become so sacred and I really feel like the boundaries that you have set have been really good in protecting what the Lord has given you and the sacred duty of the Purity that has been restored back to yes. Yeah, um, thank you. It's not and and for both of us, well, I won't fully speak for her. I'll speak for myself and confidently say that I know she feels at least similarly in this sense is that I fully believe that my Purity has been restored to me and I know it to be true. Even when doubts in my head Creep in because of just the life that I lived before this, you know, and so I know that because I have the value for the gift that I've been given and my Purity back it is not something that I'm willing to give away to anyone except the woman that I'll spend the rest of my life with and at the same time dating the woman that I believe I'm going to spend the rest of my life with as I am right now. I still even though you could say well if you're going to Marry Her Anyways, like who cares I do. I care in the Bible cares and I care because the Bible sets boundaries for what a healthy authentic relationship looks like and I'm not gonna I'm not going to go off of that but by rationalizing it into something else. I think it's important though to know like as Christians, you know, there's this always thing that you can't that yukia can maybe maybe hold hands like once a day or something like that? Yeah. I'm joking. But at the same time there's this huge kind. end of it but what it is is as a society were afraid to talk about sex the word sex freaks people out like the word the word pornography freaks people out because it's like it's in Still Into You from a young age I feel guilt and yeah, which is like from the enemy. Yeah, Wheatley and because that's something the Lord has given us like it's a beautiful gift from God like sex is like it's the very thing that produces life. Yes. We have made it something shameful and like yes, because we've made it shameful that something that you want to do in hiding you're going to do in secret and I have to be hush-hush about it because it's a bad thing. Hold on Chloe. I'm doing air quotes right now. But anyways, that's what I love what Chris Balaton says. He says that the way that you first viewed. You'd sex is the way that you view it like for the rest of your life. I mean until like you're right For Better or Worse. Yeah. So like if you view it in this shameful way or this perverted way, then that's how you're going to view it until you get this like true reality what it actually is so good. Yeah. Yeah, and I and that's that I couldn't agree with you more. Honestly, that is so good. And that's so important that people understand that if you have this kind of oh gosh like this shame about it. Then that's always going to be there unless you actually do the work that it takes to bring yourself out of that. And so in like my relationship we are fully aware of what sex is, you know, it's not like sex is something that's scary to talk about because it needs to be talked about and like you said it actually is a beautiful thing. It actually is a sacred thing. It actually is in my opinion something. I like a way that I've come to realize what sex is is since I've separated intimacy as far as a relationship like intimacy with somebody doesn't mean a sexual encounter with somebody so then Does that mean to me that means to me that when I marry one day and I have and I will then, you know have sex because case anyone is like thinking that it's a bad thing sex is great when you're married, I'm sure of it. And so like man I lost my train of thought thinking about it. Okay, sorry, and so to be but it's gonna be that's so funny but to be able to talk about it and be honest about it like clears the air, you know, the air needs to be cleared. I really oh that's what I was gonna say. Oh, man. I lost my train of thought guys guys. I'm a guy, you know, someone says sex I'm like where you know, I'm scared. It's just kidding aside. This is a Christian show. It's it's No, it's really is. It's really not there's no need you know, because sex is an overflow of an intimate relationship with somebody. Wow. That's that's what that's what I was trying to say. That's all stones that I was trying to say from earlier. That's that you said sex is an overflow of an intimate relationship. Yes. Wow, it's so good because I mean in this is how I think about it is that has to be true because in a relationship as I see it now that I Like, you know air quotes here Christian relationship, which is like the makes me like to say because the connotation with that is so terrible. But yeah, seriously what it is, but it's so good. It's so awesome. It's so it's honestly really fun because sex is off the table. So what does that mean? That means I have to get to know you like for real for real. We can't stop. Yeah, we can't solve our problems with sex. So then by the time that we get married we will know each other so well that sex won't be weird and scary won't bit because we we will have known that sex. I mean is a part of something when we get married. It's a part. It's a beautiful expression of our love for each other in our covenant to each other to be like you you are with one with one another as the Bible says because when you join together in marriage you are one it's a picture. It's a picture of the church, you know, and so to be able to have that with somebody it's something worth waiting for something worth saying no to a moment of Temptation to be able to have a lifetime of the most beautiful expression of intimacy. Outside outside of just like getting to know each other it does that make sense. Yes. until what you say Said yeah, like you feel like that's like something that like he physically has like giving you back. Yeah, I think so. Um, I don't know about physically. I don't know what that would look like for me personally, but you know what? I mean? I'm just teasing. Okay. Um, like I know that my Purity has been restored I fully believe and we like I think were you there on that day. Yeah that Chris prayed for So I think it's for me. It's less about the physical whatever physical manifestation of my Purity would be would be more. So in this sense of I believe and I know fully that I have been I've been fully made like completely pure because what it is was like a racing shame that was from my past and erasing shame and for my for my girlfriend also to feel that for herself brings me so much joy, and it's not my place and it's not my place guys to look into her past and try to To gauge like how much I think I can trust her based on her based on her sexual. I'm putting air quotes sexual past that that stuff doesn't matter that stuff does not matter if that's if that's the one for you then what why would you why would you why would that be the reason that you would not do life with somebody because you think that there's some some like this goes back to the baggage behind people. You can't judge a person by the baggage behind them because that's behind them and it's not even actually moving forward with them. In the cross, what's the point mmm relationship with Jesus because he came to take that away. Yes. He came the blood of Jesus. What a rat. Attic and cleanses it so that we can walk in. For wholeness and Holiness comes with being restored like if your because I wasn't a virgin like I had sex before marriage with yeah, and I fully believe that the Lord restored my virginity and like his give me my Purity back and like physically spiritually and emotionally. Yeah, like that's just that's a reality of living a life with Jesus is so good whenever you're in relationship with him, he restores you physically emotionally and spiritually and with that comes like breaking off soul ties and like you don't have to live bound to the mistakes that you made prior to release. Yes with Jesus. So I want to harp on what you said because you said its Purity mind body and spirit mind body and spirit. You became completely pure and blameless the moment that you accepted Christ into your heart. So to allow anything outside of that to continue to affect your life moving forward is actually a lie that you're believing because when you're in Christ, you have the mind of Christ. The mind of Christ is pure the mind of Christ is Holy, which means that you even if you struggle with like thought if you're like checking someone out and you're like picture a girl naked or you picture something Like that guy's you do it like you can act like you don't but you do you know what I'm saying? That's that's actually that's actually you've been given the mind of Christ. That's actually something coming against you to try and make you think that you still are in your old ways because if like the enemy can get you to think you're still stuck in your old ways. They just going to fall right back into it and then he has you again and then the shame cycle starts completely over again, and it doesn't help anybody, you know. That shame cycle that ties the blood of Jesus. Yep. That's what he restores his back to life. And like if you make one mistake and like accidentally like picture girl naked or whatever like that doesn't Define you like you that doesn't make you a pervert that doesn't make you like a pornography addict whatever like so doesn't like it's just like and it's natural to like give yourself Grace like we are human in like, yep, we're not going to be perfect. And yeah. Yeah, and also just want to say it it's It's not like just because you come become, you know into a you come into a Christian relationship and you have an understanding of Purity that you won't feel like sexual attraction for somebody there's such like a what do you mean sexual attraction? It means sexually attracted to somebody, you know where sexual beings were made that way. So you have to be willing to understand that that will still come up. You know what I mean? And if you don't have a sexual attraction to the person then you might want to rethink the relationship personally. That's just a personal thing. But I think that it's so important to recognize that that's actually not a bad thing. That doesn't mean that you're you're a sinner or you're bad. It just means that you're actually attracted to that person on more than one level and that's actually probably a good thing. You just have to work with it in like in a partnership with God, you know, if it's if it's not centered with God at the focus. If God isn't the pivotal point of the relationship and then it's probably going to fail because you're probably going to fall into your own understanding and your own rationalization of how it should work and that's not going to go. Well, I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, maybe if that a day probably for me, honestly, I'm nothing without my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Thank you so much for coming on the show and just being vulnerable and transparent. Yeah. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Yeah. Thank you.