You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and and I also support LFC with Rob. Yes hundred percent. That is what we needed to hear that. It's like the little poor thing. Everyone can probably tell from your voice, but it's good to know anyway, so so yeah, so you two, like I said our the InStep dance So basically for a lot of people they'll be like what is in Step. So just tell us a little bit about the site. Well, yeah, it's the biggest our society and Durham one of the biggest du societies. It's like for dancers of all abilities beginners intermediates Advanced people. Yeah and pastors every year and and then we also have do you underneath those? So they're CompTIA him who compete around the UK so competition team so that's yeah I do. Where do you yeah. Okay, so it's a big operation and yeah. Yeah, very big organization. Yeah, well, obviously so five obviously I live with you. So I would like I can see what you're doing at home and somebody just see like an absolute nightmare, but at the same time it's like very rewarding to actually see the good things that happen. When you put in the time you put in the effort stuff like that. Yeah. So I guess the main thing would be that you work into ours is the show but we're going to leave listeners on tenterhooks. Oh, yeah. It's like to share we get another song. I'll give you guys a breather and yeah, we'll get into the main stopping Justice. Can but in the meantime we listen to the weekend. This is blinding light some purple radio. That was Rex. Are you counting on purple radio and we are back now it is just a quarter past eight you listen to me Robert leech jar. Hello, good evening. And if you're new to the show, we've got two special guests on tonight. And those are the presidents of the Durham InStep Society Hannah and Lucy. Hello. And as we were just talking about earlier you of course, I've got your big annual show coming up this year. So I think it's time to be a little bit of a lie, don't you think? Yeah answer. The name is reconnect. Right? So let's just talk about reconnect because obviously that could mean a lot of different things and Is really like I've always really good name a really good feeling everything. So I just felt like maybe could explain that a little bit Yeah. So it's like the logo is like explains. So reconnect. The Eco is in green. So that's our main General theme of the show. We're trying to raise environmental awareness and trying to help all of us, you know, reconnect nature and being more eco-friendly through the medium of dance, of course, so it's like re Eco necked. Yeah. So I've actually seen the artwork and the visuals and I actually look really good. So I'd encourage anyone who hasn't already seeing their to go and check out the event. You can find on Facebook on yeah Facebook. Yeah. So any other details you like to share for now about the show and it's on the 12th and the 13th of March. So on at 7:30 in the Fontaine Ballroom in the DS you right? Okay and can anyone come to it? Yeah, it's five pounds for students. Have you show your Durham student ID and then if not seven pints for adults, right? Okay, so I mean obviously I'll be there so I mean I went to the show last year as well because it's a come sir. Yeah, and I actually really like I was pleasantly surprised because obviously I was going to come and support you any way but actually turned up and I was like, I know it's a cliche but there's like very much something for everyone if you know I'm here because there's so many different genres of dance and for me, so for example ballet, I would think I'm not too interested in ballet, but then something else would come out and I'd really grabbed my attention by the end of the night. I found myself enjoying the ballet as well. Johnny is why I think the beauty about it because there's so many different themes and so many different ideas going on and I think it's just like the way it's all constructed together. It's just Just like say something for everyone to enjoy that's why we love it. Like it's a society for everyone like beginners. I everyone's embellish. Oh, yeah, just like showcases everyone. Like it's really ya know and I think he's like you said the reconnect everything that's obviously a strong theme. I like I said, I really liked it and I think it really means something I think the relevant. Yeah exactly. It's like something that's really relevant at this moment in time. And for me, I think obviously dance is an art form in itself, but it's amazing. If you can have you know, a piece of art that's nice and itself and nice to look up it actually means something so the These were all going to come and enjoy your dancing, but hopefully everyone could take something about away from the show. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and he's like, I mean, obviously I do a radio show so I listen to music but the BET very best music is the music that say something about something and I think if your show can do that and that's what y'all tryin to and fingers crossed fingers crossed. I'm sure it will be amazing. Like I said, I've been last year really enjoyed it so fingers crossed. Hopefully even that is yeah. I mean, I might be great. I'll be great and Yeah, we're going to carry on talking little bit more about the show a little bit more about Society in just a second. But until then want to get on a bit of Juicy like dude your cat. I think I pronounce that right Lucy wanted this one. So yeah when you get this on hope you enjoy it. Speaking again with the presence of InStep and of course, we just been speaking about the show and I'm very excited about it. We've got two weeks to wait is it two weeks? Yeah 16 days. And of course, we'll just speaking then about the fact that he's got a female's very much about helping the environment. Reconnecting with the environment reconnecting with the planet and so of course that's very much a symbolic thing that you're at is trying to promote but we've just been speaking then during the song about some of the more tangible things that you show might be doing. So you're going to be raising money. I understand for a couple of good calls. So I'll to Charities ordering Wildlife trust. So that's a local charity and then our wider charity is the British ecological Society. So the ways of raising money is yeah. So a proportion of our ticket sales are going to go obviously to the Charities and then we've got a bake sale. During the interval. So we're going to try and encourage people to either bring or bake like stuff but make the maybe like vegan or more like organic like so yeah, but are more environmentally kind of friendly then we're designing tote bags with our logos on that which will be organic and like, you know, the cotton will get that organic. Yeah, and then we're having bamboo straws like reusable straws. We're going to sell those as well. We're getting them engraved with like in step on. Wow. I did I suspect that's very smooth. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, that's brand-new lose to me as well. So yeah, that sounds really impressive lots of stash. It's not something that's the main thing as well that you're actually thinking about the environmental impact of what your products are what you are what you are selling because it wouldn't mean much of a show if you try to be environmentally friendly, but then you were selling things that yeah, we thought let's put a spin on it like yeah make it wanted and the one other thing we're doing as well as trying to reuse costumes that we've already got instead of buying new costumes. And obviously that's yeah again not yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like I said, They were good last year. So why don't you again as well though? The vegan cake say I'm looking forward to it because last night obviously, it's Pancake Day. So I seen you two cooking the vegan pancakes and like the sound of that to me just sounds like well, no, not for me, but that I seen you cooking them and I thinking I love about that. I thank you very much. Just drowning golden syrup. Oh, yeah last night was the most sugar I've had in about four years. Absolutely. I didn't know what to do. So get to sleep until 200 tidy room what I found in the mall so golden syrup and then sugar on pancakes feel like my mom will be listening to this and she'll be thinking. Well, it's like a dentist, but I do get my teeth brushing you all know that in my heart loses its Praises you're watching. Yeah. It means to me and just before getting too. Next song I want to give a shout out to a very special someone Connor Redmond again that just that means the world may absolutely means the world. I know knees listen as well. So like that is obviously our power couple. So yeah, if you want a song actually then you to just let us know and we'll get it on but in the meantime going to play foals and this is the runner on people radio. And Lucy the presidents of Durham's in step down Society. Yeah. So we've talked I've hit with wax lyrical really about your show that's coming up and hopefully if you people listening wouldn't have known about instead before tonight and hopefully that sort of pique their interest a little bit. And so maybe I was wondering if you could maybe talk about how they could get involved in Step. Yeah. Yeah, we have two different types of memberships. So we have her annual ones. You paid 25 Yeah, I know you can come to any classes any weekend. And then we have a pay-as-you-go. So you pay three pounds of your member and then to pamper class and that's on the DS you yeah, it's all like through the DSU is really good like so exactly every weekend. Yeah, they run on Saturdays and Sundays so and complete beginners can get involved in that as well come. Yeah. Absolutely. I this year I teach beginner tap your teacher. You want everyone to know you're a teacher, honey. The teacher if you take one thing away from tonight forget about the show and of the teacher says every weekend class. So people that want to learn tap can all hit up my class. But yes for every ability like yeah, we have advanced classes as well. Yeah Amelia as well as beginners. They are the level. I might get involved. I just think third term Darlene might be your like stressful. Yeah. I think I'd be like, I don't know it's cold. I've got South through my head, but I don't know if it is cell so but like proper, you know, really moving the hips. Yeah. I'd be mine. I reckon we have a salsa and bachata class. Yeah, because on a night owl after a couple of drinks. I think the hips go anyway, that's so if they were trained to go that it might it might look a little bit better job. So well, I'd love you to come. Yeah. No, actually, we're all we've got we have a competition in third term. It's the he'll vote ready for that, but we could be partners. Yeah. So yes, that's the hill versus Bailey competition. Yeah. It's like because our we have another competition in Ember which we run it's called Durham Dance Fusion. So we ran that other Unis Carpentier. Yeah the sales for the competition T. But this one in third term is for like any InStep. Yes, your member hell or for Bailey depend on which college around. Yes, just like within in step back. It's just about finding yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds good as well. That's the that's the third time you say. Yeah. Definitely. It's that one as well because you know food so I mean after your exams are finished you just like got loads of sign. Tellin Ya Live Life, don't you? Instead. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's too late. That's the slogan actually love life or whatever live life. I've got it wrong already live life Rico get on some T-shirts organically sustainable concerts those t-shirts. You can tell I'm really bad at least Kanye. But yeah, you look like look like Hannah Lucy who are the presidents of in Stephen not met so they know a lot more about what they're talking about. Yeah, you sound like we know at all. Yeah in between the songs a lot of frantic searching my old we do this through Ooh luck. Exactly. Let's get it. Let's get it. Now you doing a good job. I'm really enjoying it and we're taking a little break and when they get on a song by The 1975, and I know anyone who's listening who knows me thinking. Oh my God, it's taking him for three minutes. This is 95 and it's me and you together song and in case you don't know I absolutely love it. Unfortunately, we only got a minute left of our show tonight and it's a great shame because I've really enjoyed having you on the show tonight. Yeah, I really enjoyed it. So like anytime you want to come back just if you want to plug something else just like, you know, what will give it will get will get we need more protein will give you the Hard Sell. So yeah, so yeah, just before you go and just for you say goodbye to everyone. Let's remind everyone last time. Why are you actually here? Why are we reconnect? It's happening. Reconnect something loose anything to us and on the 12th and the 13th of March at the Fontaine ballroom and the DSU tickets are on the door. So just bring yourself along you can find the event on Facebook. So if you type in reconnect in the bar, it'll come up click going to give us a call. Yeah, please play along the interval they would just listen to music if you care about the environment you serious? No, it's amazing because like a lot of people see loads of things about the environment if you how can I help him? Stuff but this is so easy because you're making it easy for us. Literally what we can bring a fiver whatever and then you do the rest and we can enjoy it don't mean cake in the interview. Yeah, you know very clearly that your cakes down your secure and they see me coming a lot angle. That would be the best day. But so many things are time you had chicken and meat balls. I just I can't The them at the minute but give it time give me time. It looks after everything that models fall. So yeah, it's been an absolute pleasure. Thank you for having me. Yeah, really enjoyed it and we've got one last songs players out and this was requested by my brother Mattie. So I am a you all right? Hi. So yeah, this is robbers, and we're going to play it out. I'll see you later and thank you for listening. Thanks for downloading this purple radio. podcast for more great content and listen live heads a purple radio dot Co dot U k--