Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa. I'll ask Jeeves looked on Wikipedia all this stuff. And just in case people didn't eat the are literally that's my age and just in case people didn't know this guy who came through walls Academy finished his career with two Premier League titles one FA Cup one leacock. Yes, 26 England caps played in the Champions League in finish with just under 600 games in a career off. Didn't know that I didn't even know that myself and all this and you still only 37 only I'll be honest. But that's fine. But I'll be honest. I don't crack baby. It's not you to pieces. Isn't that I've got I've got start by saying that that is absolutely incredible. That's like yeah looking at those numbers. They're the special for absolutely anybody and as will get to really share that as we get to in a bit. Maybe it's even a bit more special for you. But like I say, let's we'll get back to that shortly. So when did you when did you retire? All 2017 21. Yeah, really? So why wines having wine 2017? I don't know. I wasn't going to I didn't plan to retire that year to be fair. I wanted to do another year. I want always had in my head 35 was the age even though I was like two months away from my face with birthday, but I just had another year in my head to kind of get in place. What I wanted to do or get a better understanding of what I wanted to do after after retirement from football, which I didn't know have a plan of what I wanted to do. So it was for people You don't really know like what's the significance of 35? I don't know. It was it was just that was all in the head like starting out use football as plate or 35 so-called pension is kind of distributed at 35. So each I just had in my head that I just thought one more year. I was at a place to be honest in my head that I was enjoying it as much as I've ever enjoyed it to be fair kind of nude at as it has a much as I love playing it wasn't the most important thing. Yeah, so I could so I could huh? Enjoy a little bit more. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, totally makes sense and what you do now? Well various things now we go up sleepy upon the tree various networks, which is any act until your sides. Give me a shot with one carry on that work at Man City. Would you do that with the loans players that kind of like mentoring coaching the plaza going alone. So we were kind of one of the fortunate ones that didn't necessarily have to do that. It's before we made our debut during the first year. Yeah, if that makes sense, so obviously that's not the case. Now the club the size of the club is is huge. So it's kind of makes sense for players to kind of apply their try apply their trade elsewhere and then kind of then see where that leads them to so, I'm just part of a team. There's not nine of us my members of staff that kind of see that I'm further you remember for a little yeah, of course, of course. Yeah is like the kind of team leader? So because in doing it forever and a day and did you are looking for that job or did it just find you it kind of found me. I've known a game like yourself comfortable for years like fergal was my Nike rep when I first went to Everton in the Premier League. Okay, because that was the only time like willing to sponsor me now people get it deals in the youth team. And now I know how crazy is crazy Madness from 14 if we can't. Yeah, he's this crazy so Fogle was that guy had him at Everton. Sorry. We joined City the same year 2009. He joined City then as part of that the loans. I think he was doing the loans thing and like kind of Ducey a Zone players that were recruiting so like part of equipment in that and so I've always kind of kept in contact with him and then he's good friends with James Nona we are going to work as well went to his wedding reception and he asked me what I was doing in the October of 2017 and said what are you up to? I was like nothing really? I don't really know what I was doing a punch you then but I didn't know. Kind of what direction I was underestimated how important the routine of playing was. Yeah. It's like being told what time to be there what to do. I just kind of just didn't realize that was going to be so important to me after so we asked me that I wasn't up to much in terms of day-to-day stuff. You said you would fancy watching some game. So I was like, yeah, I spoke to a couple friends that had scouted in that and just thought yeah, that's what it's going to be and then literally the why Following week. I went in to meet him brand mom and they kind of had a role for me in place before that kind of spoke to me. And then I just thought he was going to be a general meeting and then he offered me alone straight away. So I was just looking at this covid over the moon to be fair. Yeah. I was gonna say how given the fact that you you knew when you wanted to stop and all that stuff at like how did you really find adapting your life for such because you've mentioned this the structure in the schedule, but how about the rest of it did Did you find that you took to it quite quickly or did it take a while, you know finding the new life and I thought I would say possibly quickly. I would say it passively like say four months was is relatively quick but it wasn't easy. No way as I said, I underestimated it and it was its Troubled Man like the family life kind of like their family my family life kind of continued but obviously my life adult it. So I'm like what's going on? I was just like arresting the wife a little bit more in terms of what are you at day-to-day and that and she's like, I'm just doing the stuff. I've always done the last 15 years. Yeah. It's like yeah like a kind of an hour. Yeah. I was never Depressed or close to depression but I honestly understood how that happens. Yeah, and knowing now and speaking to mesh at the FAO all the face you as a criminal. Now. I said that there's nowhere near enough done for players that retire regardless of your age does like I've spoke to the last three or four players that have contacted me retirement. haven't had a phone call since from anyone any like the PFA idea but merely the FAA have another phone call from anyone since they retired. I'm like that that's that's not great. You know, that's doesn't this that's not good at all. I'd you know, I always used to kind of think that and especially because the game that we play especially back in England. It's a bit different over here, but the game back in England, he's probably very young age all they teach you to do. It feels like it's just play this game. That's it everything revolves around that like people aren't necessarily in push to try and find a qualification or to Get real world experience with anything else so that when the time comes where ends like what you have you've got the yeah 100% you've always been clever though. Hey them, so no. No, it's not I'm guessing you up, but you academically you were that guy. So I think there is a balance because I know obviously over there that have to a lot of keep up a grade average and all that stuff but there are people like I'm dyslexic so I would struggle to in America. Yeah cuz My grade average wouldn't have been enough for me to play and then I'm missing out on an opportunity that has benefited kind of most people in my life. So I honestly think how many people have the NFL NBA MLS missed out on due to them not being academically clever enough. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. You know me Alyssa is so there's a balance to it that I just think yeah. Someone's not going to school and just wants to play then yep course, but if they're going out playing themselves if they're giving maximum effort. What a great still not great, but it's the maximum effort. Yeah for sure only measure and even like as I said to back home if you if you are good at the game or very good at the game. You'll always be pushed to do more and more in the game. And that's great and you can have a career and I think as you're seeing as you seen yourself and like I'm seeing to a certain extent now you start to realize that the rest of your life is potentially far longer than the career that you've just had but while you're in your career, it feels like that is your life, you know, because That's like you're some points by half your life. You've lived playing playing the game. And yeah, yeah. Yeah, of course, like if I really Burma break it down like went to school at five here told what to do when to be there left school at 15 which straight into YT s scheme same thing. Stop that 34 to 4:30 roughly 30 years. I've been told what to do where to be. Yeah and then all of a sudden I'm having to kind of fend for myself. Yeah, like every other player that's retired. So it is quite daunting in. Sense, but yeah, once I kind of got tired, I realized that once you out of it, it's not it's not as important as you think yeah. Yeah, like not knowing the fixtures is okay. Yeah, for sure for sure. I think that me I think for me given the fact that like I'll be based in England when I'm when it's all said and done leaving UK football his altered my view on it quite a bit. He has you know when you over there lower back or you are Or if you're in it, you like all the way in it can't escape it if you can play on a Saturday, but the rest of the week will be spent talking about that Saturday. That's just been whether that's at the training ground. Well as on the streets, but here's different. They so even still now with times. I don't watch as many night games as I used to when I was back on. Yeah because I'm on a different schedule now, I'm not tracking the same way that you used to so I've managed to step away from it so that when I go back I don't need to try and step back into it if you know what I mean. Yeah, did you To enjoy any more or any less stuff. I think because I know that I don't know how long I'll be playing for whatever but I know that don't have a long-term future within the game. So with that in mind, I think I enjoy it more and I enjoy the games. Yeah, like the games that I know that I can watch back home. Great. I'll just Jack can pick and choose now because I don't have to watch all those games and over here saying there's a million other things going on like the level of importance of football in America is like I couldn't even find a spot of just America is to the individual. Yeah. Until I give it all the time devoted time when I was involved, but I enjoyed it a like and I will go back tomorrow and start again. Yeah, definitely do that do the same things and have the same career path for you. I just wish I knew the last couple years. I wish I had that mentality grow longer and would have enjoyed it a lot more. If you don't get me wrong, I don't have from when the time comes where I finish I could be wrong, but I don't have that same level of anxiety about leaving. The game because there's times past like with family and just other hobbies and things like this. I'm enjoying a lot more like once I had that moment, I think maybe it's from Coming to America like things are just different. You can live your life with a metal. Yeah, you can live your life. Like for was almost a hobby if you know what I mean instead of like it's that day. It's basically it's everything you've got for the game day and then you find it. My life which is which is a good way to have the obviously not the right way for everyone everyone speaker on bought. Yeah, and I totally understand that. Yeah. I wish I wish I enjoyed it. Yeah. Look Telly on this point of view or longer. Yeah, even safer like my kids coming to the stadium right when they come to a stadium over here. It's just it's a great stadium with great fans and all that but there are a lot they just nicer so I can think like there's no stress about bringing three young children to again because you know, they're not really going to Hear or see anything? Which still which I'd have to worry about. You know, it's yeah, it's like this obviously that's not the same for every stadium in the country. Yeah, all the funds are different but for where I'm at right now, like it's it's just it's so nice. But anyway, do you think is there anything of the game which you miss right now? Like you've mentioned the structure thing training you busy training really I love training me why they were terrible at training white you mr. That hey. If you hesitate you listen, this is this is this is this is this is the disinformation Vodka. What's up? Yeah to be fair the probably the routine of the and I loved going into training like I wish I could Do that every day. I would love to do that every day. Yeah. Yeah, I'd like to train he's talking about training as it as a team and having something laid out for you which perhaps you're not aware of or which bit of training do you mean by what exactly just the games and stuff and just like the small study games actually training the kind of the focus it needed I didn't Motivate myself was never hard. Yeah, it was never going to be hard. It was never like pushing myself and I enjoyed that I still enjoyed kind of enjoy that now to be fair. Yeah, what's so damned them things? Like I miss I miss having having doing that every day, which you can't I can't do it every day. Now there's times when I can't get it in for four or five days and it does annoy me. But yeah, he had that side of it. I love this. I did love being in. In a little bit if that makes sense. Yeah, so so now you're on the other side and you are essentially staffs you view the game any differently compared to say when you were inside it. Like how do you see the game of football now? Is it still feel like it's almost life and death or is it just file now that anyway no way is it like as far from that? I thought as I said, but in when you're in there, you don't know any different, you know think that is it and it's everyone's time is consumed around. Round game. So if you have a bad game you tend to think people are still thinking about the some Tuesday and Thursday and I'm like, but now I'm out of it. I'm like people don't really care if people do not paint like I'm not like I'd see friends that I win the game when I see him various people at school or wherever I'm as certain situations and to lock our what about that. I'm like I didn't even see me. I mean even I don't even like to talk about yeah, my mother little just like yeah, yeah. And then I said I say to them like you won't know until you come out. You won't know that people are not really watching. Yeah, it feels like when you're playing feels like everybody's watching everything that you do. But yeah, when it boils down to it, you know, there are more important things going on elsewhere in everyone's life. Yeah on 100% So let's let me just go back to your Korean. I yeah. Yeah, so from where you started at wolves Academy To where you sort of not noisy finished but the things which you achieved do you think you over achieved? Who see it is the hard part in question these days the hardest questions. I give people, you know what I mean? For my ability possibly but for my work ethic now, yeah, okay. You want to know where I was more talented people that make them I played with that didn't make it that didn't have the career. I had and Achieve things I achieve so I'm struggling to find anyone that was. Not working as hard as me out worked me like I worked as hard as anyone I played with you being the best I could be where what separated us was if we work as hard but your ability is better than mine. You are going to be better than me obviously, but in terms of our work ethic and what I was willing to do to get the best out of myself, I don't think I would Shiva. Yeah, that's a that's I've got so many things which you want to say. about your work ethic, but you name it it there is exactly like it's what I wanted to hear because I think that's the best the truthful answer because as you say the reason I mention have you ever achieved because if you look through say where you started and you and like going through the academy and you're doing walls, like walls walls today isn't the walls of twenty years ago, you know, a lot of people don't really listen to that or know that now because you know, it's around the games basically being run by younger people now, so they don't really know their history but to go from there to achieve the things which you Achieved is incredible and having seen it first hand like it is your work rate was incredible. But but then let's not sugarcoat it like you're obviously you were obviously a good player as well. You know what I mean? Yeah, obviously, yeah at some level of ability, but I think everyone in every Academy has a level of ability or why he wouldn't be there or and for me what separates them is their attitude and desire. I think everybody knows that but what people don't understand is for me. That is an attribute. Yeah, like that isn't actually boot. Like you was fast. Yeah, it's just people yeah, it's just but there's I think there's more to it because it was your work rate, but I think for some people the misguided because they just work hard as they don't work smarter all the time. Yeah a horse like something we were doing it pre-internet. I remember having to do rehab sessions before you find had the internet. So like I was having to go online at home right down the sessions and let go because even at walls we didn't have a strength and conditioning coach that up. Yeah was was current. It was like the physio that kind of said just do that. Everything was three set to 10, you know, I mean that's just standard stuff. So I kind of went online and that's that's kind of wealth, but I think I first fell in love with the NFL bit to be fair just it's just a training not necessarily the games. But yeah the way they trained and that the way they move the way they move Amir. I think they are the best athlete. Yeah for sure. So I was trying to bundle up down and then just group. Um, they're really yeah and I think as well with your career and your work right now all that stuff, you've had to earn everything that you've achieved whether that not necessarily what obviously you've earned the trophies and all that but the respect you've earned because say in this day and age not compared to back then you could have someone now who be earning more money than you and have more followers than you and be more famous than you that might never have kicked all as a professional. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you know to percent So that obviously that has his ups and downs for them, but that Well, there could never have existed like the people who came through when you are coming through and so on like that's a completely different type of human being, you know, yeah, we bought on different things and that's again. I think it's just a generational thing. I don't think that's like if I look at it now, I think there's a lot more ability. Now then say we when we were younger when I was young, but the dedication to we all is not the same. Yeah people willing to work a lot harder and do things not for the ground more social media. He would just do it. Tit for because what was the right thing to do? Yeah, and but now I kind of get the impression that people do things for that reason, which is not necessarily a negative or if that's your it's closer to negative than positive. It feels like yeah. Yeah, it's not necessarily sustainable because there's always going to be someone is going to be more famous than you. So yeah, so it's always dangerous whenever like someone that's in the 30s or born in the 80s starts talking about anything that sounds even remotely negative. Because you start to sound like your hates or something. Yeah. Yeah. I always find myself trying to do that because obviously when we were younger and there's Expose and all that saying that these guys are bitter and then you trust trying to think like it they're talking from a generational thing that we didn't have that and we didn't have this on like, yeah, I kind of get that now but you can start to take it with a pinch of salt and below is what he said it really so then since you work in loans, by the way, I've got a had a whole podcast right now here, but we're just having a conversation. Now ya gone sideways. So working in loans and all that stuff like you do at City. This question always comes into my head and I said a certain people and sometimes the different answers in this day and age day and age now when you when would someone have made it as a player? Like is from back in the day was it? Maybe it was when you played 50 100 games and now you settled but given the fact there's more money available now more frame available before you really played those games and the facts you don't exactly so you need to decide on what you do is what you require tears for may be easy a certain amount of money, or is it a certain way? Here's the thing because when it comes down to it some of the people who are coming through aren't of like privileged families and things like this. So if you come into money, it's sick. Like 17 years of age and it's enough money to look after all your family and everybody else on yourself, but you never play a game like if you made it. Yeah, if that was your goal you've made it when you've reached your goal like again that mindset of probably a generation was less known for money because it wasn't glamorize. You didn't know what people learn that wasn't in the papers, you know pictures of cars and stuff like that. That wasn't a thing like so it was just about playing football, but now I get it that or our wages and everything is documented and stuff like that. So if your motivation is money and then you get to a stage where you got amount of money. Do you know realistically will set your family then you've made it whether that 1718 4E like I'm just one for whatever your motivation is. As long as you use it to get the best out of yourself. I don't care. I don't do find one within that see whether it's Fame Money Trophies girls, whatever it may be as long as it gets the best are you? Yeah be happy wise words old man. So it's write your guess write your career. What would you say your best season was? This season your best season not necessary for the team your best season unless it's my best season. It was a few saturated because I don't feel any one's done. That since would be my season Everton when I scored 10 goals. Yeah. I had a feeling you going to say that because you scored one again because it's his world in here last or to that season, I guess, you know. It doesn't matter whose time is kind of yeah, that's fine. Yeah, we're open but ya know kind of because when I think like most if fullback scores 10 goals could that was when I played fullback it wasn't I wasn't painting Etc. He was stoked solely fullback and for a full back to do that. Now you would be on free kicks or penalties. Yeah, and I was an honor them because that let me soberly forward to do that and to kind of do that and like now I think there that would be difficult for like like it and again, I'm not saying myself to this player like is is going to be a great but Trent Alexander and Arnold as got 11 assists remarkable. Yeah. About ten goals. Yeah, it's true. He's a team. That was it tough for the league. Yes. True is very very true. You didn't need so I'll kind of smoke think it was kind of cool still got a cool. So what was if that was your best season? What do you think your I'm not saying worst but we're hard is so not worth not worth hardest was the hardest season for you villa villa without a doubt because I supported Villa growing up and what was meant to me to play for that club because might be growing up you go. Goal is to play for the team you support I want to be a footballer. I want to play for Aston Villa didn't want to play again walls everything City Sunderland like it was asking for that. That's all my dream wants to play Festival are so to kind of do everything I've done and then get to Villa was like this. Is it now I've made it in enemy and then to be part of that team that went down it was hard. That was hard man. They was a Personally hard again me family and then to kind of its part. I know it's part of football but to be kind of hung out to dry by the club and just be like, well, we kind of kind of make you the scapegoat for this. So this whole day I was like, I don't really want to fight it because in that season what people were no I don't think you have to be fair cool. I had a chance to go to LA Galaxy. So I'll get a call in the January window. So I've only been there five. Months with struggling obviously last number games. I was on the bench for FA Cup game. Yeah. It was the FA Cup game against Wickham. Me and Brad Brad guzan on the bench and It's 1:1 and we would just basically when we used to throw the tuning on from The Dugout unto the line. No, I don't think I'm a mature but you sure yeah. Yeah. Well, so did it and then I think whoever hit anyway, so we started laughing very well. We're not lose him not winning, but we're not losing. So we started to laugh or smile and on the bench and then Wycombe Wanderers the fans can Leach and get to The Dugout so you can up bang on the back and they have a lot of guy you'd like. Laughing at this like we talked about like and I love that the game. It's like course I'm upset with as much as everyone else with a situation, but this game wasn't the reason why were laughing. So anyway, the next game was Crystal Palace at home who had at the time the best away record in the league and we at the best the worst home record, and I just spoke to people from LA. They said to me was me Ash coal. And now you do young with the three people they wanted to sign. So the said left side. Is it half with your left foot center? We've got us a second choice. You're our first choice if this can happen and cause I said 20% I said, we've got this games. We've got wickerman in we've got Palace. We'll talk again on Wednesday will speak to the club and we'll try and get it done. So like yeah, so Club will kind of onboard with it. Because again, it wasn't great for them the situation. So missed the first game come to the Tuesday. We play West am I? No, sorry pal Esau have said and I'm captain so as we read out the names I get booed. So I'm getting booted out from the home phones because I'm I'm going to sign lineup because again, I kind of didn't made scapegoat for the game on the Saturday that I wasn't even involved in. So in my head, I'm fuming. Yeah, you mean I'm thinking this is we are not here because Solely because of me I played my part granted. Yeah, but it's not because of me. So let me prove to you. This isn't because of me it's always that was the most determined. I think I've ever been. Yeah, so the play the game we were in Wonderland ask or I get money match. I'll get a message out there to say we watch the game. This is from the Malay. We've watched the game great performance, but don't think it's going to happen after that. So I was like hmm next day they've bone up and I'm told that it's not going to happen due to that one moment to move only if yeah, so did I say we can't let you go now if that's the case then we have one for like 10 games that everything can we can still survive? Yeah, let's keep you be a very rare and I'm like or and I wasn't willing to kind of cause a Ruckus and there I thought that's not nothing. I'm not that that not to be last. So if you are the agree to what we agreed to before or Arts don't go and they were like, well, it's not going to be pretty thin try and I said, you know what you can't work and then that style a and they went elsewhere. Hmm. That's my old. That's my only regret in football that I'm not going over there in there. Yeah, and it's not I'll go with quick not going it's gritty because of the way the Finish Line family were treated. Yeah the way they finish them up and they would treat I was like, I wish I would yeah, I was gonna ask you if you would change anything your career if you could go back and you've answered the question already. It's like you it's like you're fortunate. You know, what I'm going to be asking next. I don't know what's going on is this is pretty. Yeah, but that's it's a shame. You never got a chance to come over. Because I think you would have loved it. I think it was done really really well exceptionally well and no one I try and tell people who are played over here. Now what playing the game is like back home and how at times it can get souls life or death and you can't escape the seriousness nature of what is essentially game, but it's more than that because you represent the people from that place, you know, it's like a religion. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, and it's not with I'm not disrespecting anything here, but it's not like a franchise. I could just open up and just have fans or this that and the other will know these are people from Birmingham. These are people from Manchester going against yeah the time nor the city who historically the don't like Beyond football, you know, so when things aren't going well, they just the hate is so real my word. Yeah, but there's only a few Darby's over there that they can really grasp what it's like we're because you can fly. Yes by that was to a game over there. That's not happening here. So yeah, but like if it's a Barbie you You see in the stadium and you probably live in the same house, you know with fans of that rival team, you know, and I mean, so it's just different and it and its own. I still like I remember when I was at Sunderland I did you play against Newcastle while you were there. Nah. Yeah. I remember when I won't work. So we got we got killed in one day. I'll be by remember that stadiums were in 23 minutes 20 minutes. It was we had to have a police escort helicopters all the stuff to get the st. James is get to the stadium the throwing stuff for the bus was like generational. You've got eight year old child. The yeah, your old parents like breath 50-something year-old like grandparent all just did they're all the same wheel. They hate you. They hate you. That's what is this? Hey, hey. Hey, it's a Madness that to think that it's not a dislike. Yes. We all hate to blow the know nothing about you. You could have been there ten seconds, but you are the enemy and there was literally do anything to make you forever double. Yeah. It's like that game. Yeah, I see you on the street. It's exactly that's exactly that's exactly right then, you know, like some people as I said I try and say that to them and they just I don't think they can quite grasp it but the certain sounds like I couldn't go to certain places in New Castle when I was playing for Sunderland because I knew what time it was absolutely no sense. Yes many reasons. So but anyway, so let's talk. Let's talk say because obviously that was the most successful spell of your career and just briefly enjoyable. Yeah. What so you were there before the trophy is really came in. So what changed that made the team turn into a more successful side on the club until more successful Club obviously did the coin owners like they come in with this vision of what it is now and as a player I remember speaking to the chairman and he's telling me that and I'm like that sounds amazing a telling me times X Games of time frames of what he's thinking. I'm thinking Then if that's kind of realistic though. Yeah, but it sounds amazing. So I'm on I'm on I'm on board but people like that just know what they're doing kind of thing and have it in place and they put people in positions to know what they're doing and they kind of obviously recruited the right team and what I think was the benefit was you have a cover see yourself my co in that and party good bunch of talented youngsters, but we all come in and we kind of was tarnished with the same. I'll show you only come for the money. Yeah, you are you've only joined City from when the government joined to enjoy yourself even if you in one you don't really care and then I think they underestimate how even though we never spoke about that how much we value that? Yeah are coming together having known what each and every one of us to do to get to the team to get to the club and was willing to do or the team in enemy of for each other. So, yeah, I don't know if there was one particular. In the moment. I just think collectively that the circumstances that were all came there or or under helped helped a lot. Yeah. I'm kind of like you when they came in and they had the ideas. It sounded great. But we've just spent the last 15 years watching Monday night when everything, you know, I don't understand what you mean. Like, what do you mean you want to win the league and you want to win this and you want to be completely jump his League like I've there's only ten years previous or maybe it was sorry. It's 15 years, whatever I was. Watching City in division two in the division 2 playoff final against drilling on and now guys come and meet Sean and Sean played against each other in the in Championship. Yeah, we came for the same time. So to say that was like nah. Yeah. I don't even know you talk about exactly but in furnace. Don't you never make sense until it happens. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah, what you say that you believed him? Yeah wasn't like your you hear it at you thinking. Yeah, you're the Joker just nah, I'm see be serious with it you serious? And that is what the utmost respect for like order them to Chairman like a cinema went to the game on Sunday and cinnamon is with people and he every time he speaks. He's me or sees whoever he sees. You're the most important person for that matter of time. Yeah. For a man so busy. He's got so much time to class. I'm like, yeah. Well that's enough for us. I think another Point as well. So it wasn't so much the case for you because you were like newish at the time to it. But the club in time states have fewer and fewer people players or whatever. Who would Jaded by the past to the point where there were teams say, for example a team that would go out and play games make it seem that goes and plays against United this year is expected. To where it was a few years ago a team. It's going out to play goes unites hoping they can win because they had no thing that yeah, they know the history not history. Whereas the new people that come in and they don't know the history. They don't have those same feelings of losing a Darby's enroll whatever. It's like you were hit so that's that's that's what the fans are. Like my oldest is if Annie can't remember before yeah, like fans now like if your teenage fan like 17 18, whatever you don't really Remember the stuff from before that 10 years ago. So you you're used to with it. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I mean that's why it's probably harder for men United cuz probably 20 years a day and I'm not used to seeing any different year for sure for sure. Then when he comes it's harder to take what like a lot of the fans now that you see at the games and some of the older ones obviously they know so they they appreciate a lot more. Yeah, because they obviously they've been through the the madness. Yeah, I was gonna ask you. Grab yourself as a player for those who maybe never saw you play like say maybe some of the real young funds now like you would you want to do that or join me to this describe myself. I was a striker trapped at the back. It's like a push to the back more like to answer. Yeah, I was My I was probably like an intelligent player and and I'd probably add a level temperament. Like I never really got that do now. I never really got carried away with the feet or wins or whatever so in terms of my style. Now we will look at now and say yeah, I was still hard to say that in it bursts of you because you know, you can pick yourself up and say like the port but you know, everyone everyone else to be like now, I think that it's always tough question to answer that one because you want to be as honest as you can without sounding like you're all over yourself. Yeah, that's that's hard man. But then you know you value at the time. I think the truth be told you were a massive part of the years which will pay this will allow the city to become like who they are today. And you know, even if the master is don't speak on it all those that were there with you will never forget what you did and that's because you're a type of player similar in my opinion so I could Gareth Barry or someone like that. Yeah, we're by percent. You don't really want you don't get the Highlights. But the reason you don't get to highlight this like the whole concept of football and entertainment is people want to see tackles. I want to see goals. I want to see this but You're in the right place 90% of the time nothing will happen in the game 100% among others have that conversation now with because everything's about stats. How far did you run how fast you run but I used to because I my stats will probably the lowest in terms of distance covered wants a vote. But if I'm in the right position, yeah, I shouldn't have to run that fast or that fast exactly if it like if I if I have a game with this it's the same for me here, by the way, because I've got some good son Asia and they cover a lot of distance and the good players, but I always think if I can do as little as possible, but have the greatest impact. Why would I want to run more mate don't prevention is better than cure or prevention is always better than cure. If I don't have to make any big tackles or anything like this then everything's riding. But if I slide I'm in the wrong position. Yeah exactly like desperation exists. But yeah, let's let's get me let's get that for a second. Let's talk own music for a bit because you know, since it's a dual threat podcast. Yeah. Yeah. About football though. So I remember from back when and say a few things on social media. Like do you still do any DJ in I don't do as much lately. I'm I'm more of a summer DJ the DJ. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but you're inside though, but you're indoors though. How can you be so whether CJ? Yeah. Strangers come up to me didn't even know what just got hyped after tunes and I thought this is similar to where you are. In control of people's emotion. Yeah, it's true like through like you can play a tune say take someone somewhere and someone else to a different place than you like. Remember when we see a mirror this your do it and I'm like running never thought about it like that bit more but that's kind of well, but yeah, this is real. Yeah for sure for sure is like I've done it maybe three or four times that like a party or whatever and yeah, you do feel that nervousness, but then also that's how I always used to feel when I was in charge of Music at the club's I've been at Yeah before game you've got 25 different personalities in there. And then yeah, we've got one speaker. So I right let's roll the music but everyone's on something different, but then that whole thing of like everyone gets one song each that doesn't work because then it just gets so so rigid so I quite enjoy are getting a feel for room getting a feel for people and you know, not necessarily give them exactly what they want but stuff we can all listen to it. Yeah, you do stuff what they need because they don't know what they want until I sometimes you hear it. Yeah, I had a tune of a day. I was with Meeks and wasn't thinking of it forgot about this tune existed. He played our for I needed to hear that. Yeah, I need and that's exactly what I needed to hear. Yeah. So for anyone who doesn't know because obviously this is still a podcast and not just a phone call. Like Meeks is my favorite kids. Who's a friend of yay. Oh, yes. Oh, no. He never never forget that. Like other people are listening. Yeah. Yeah got my producer Ryan right next to me has no clue you were talking about. Yeah makes his meat makes makes it. So your big age? Yeah. What exactly do you actually listen to now? Honestly, I haven't listened to music the last I've got Lil Wayne's album. That's the last time I listened to you. Yeah, because I'll know when my guy you know, it is that that is my guy but I don't listen to music and it black as much as I should because I just like I'm in the car. If I'm on my own I'm on the phone. So I don't use the phone in the house businessman. And then if I move the kids we're talking were active read so you are I just don't listen to music. Yeah, that's what I'm saying and up to be fair. I enjoyed that though. I enjoyed that when I played like I can sit in the car my own and do a couple I would check our journey and I have the radio on. Yeah for sure. Yeah sure, but I've got a minute Jim not in the gym. I'm active. I'm actually yeah. I've got a I've got a playlist on Spotify called. Back and it's a snapshot kind of what I like but it's like music where you don't need to hear it in the club to really appreciate it. You know what I mean? Yeah, because as I'm someone's like you I'm just a slightly different stage in that Evolution because we're very glad don't go to clubs anymore. But if I go somewhere I'd rather go to a bar or restaurant where I could have a conversation with people but still hear music, but she obviously enjoy yeah. Yes. Yes. Yeah. So like two albums which have come out recently which basically some with someone who I am. So there's a new New little baby album called my turn. Yeah good and I get it. But I'm listening to Royce to 5/9 the album called the allegory and she's like that must be a new life. Yes to sue is two weeks place like top is topics like music for my soul if you know what I mean? Yeah. None of it would be based is yeah, he's talking to me. Honestly. I think he said my name a few times in the it's talking about directly to me the object. Literally I get it I get that's just where I'm at. Times though you like you don't listen to might not listen to that in the gym, or yeah game in the card. That's what it is and then hundred got different Vibes for different times of the day or whatever. It is in. I mean, yeah broadcast guys well in the car now, so there are few. That's me as well. Maybe that's me to be very sure your friend of the show. So, you know, thanks for listening. Yes. What what are the million? Yeah all your books or mask one last music question. So obviously you've left the game now, but within planning on the coach will always be a new Sign in always has to sing. Yeah. Well the way trip and all that. So what would you pick if you had to do it now? Because I'll tell you about me. So going on. I'm an exceptional singer. So I'd sing like John Legend and keep people entertained seeing you John Legend. I'll be doing any type of John Legend, you know me because I see Skies Ordinary People, you know stuff like that just get the pizza people what they want just like dim the lights. Nobody wants to hear you sing Ordinary People. No. No, it's like you said before is you said no one wants to but maybe they need to that's the ever see they're not ready. They just didn't know until he can it. Do you think what would you pick what I sing? You don't have to sing you could to be fair. You could just not around or chance. I'm not singing you see first one was ever went to Everton and some Wonderwall. All right, okay. Yeah, get up because everybody knew it. Yeah, so you think the birth get to the course everyone's on it and then I didn't have to do that. See we didn't do it. And then the next time I did it was at Villa and a Sangha mixed up with Micah Richards there but he's okay now I'm going in Little Wayne Jeezy and Drake bro. I'm gonna wrapped it I wrote it but he wasn't censored. Oh my God. God is a strategy to be honest though. You seem like more of a spoken word kind of guy but was it was it was a problem? I'm not gonna lie. Can we talk a few of your favorites now for me Korea Yeah, man. So answer you can answers can be long in the can be short can be whatever you want. Who is your favorite manager being Glenn hoddle why because at the time but not just these he always 21. So obviously I didn't know as much as I knew but he but he viewed the game different like to the point of where I think I said it recent on another what he said he made me do finishing. He's too bad me on my own after trained to do finishing. He says you get too many opportunities. You don't score enough gold. So like I'm thinking I'm a Defender is it got me finishing and then I'll go to Everton. And actually for like I do that for the last my last kind of year at walls, I'll go to everything and then I start scoring goals. Yeah, I'm like is that part of it? Either to me? I'm just like this guy eat just viewed the game. He told me little tricks and stuff. I'm like that make sense. Yeah. Yeah. He's he was good at him for a few months at QPR. And yes, it was the same like it always be speaking to me to try this try that see this see that you know, it's a shame. We never managed for longer, but I really just did what he was saying. To be fair. One of the best moments I had was when I was a cute. Yeah, we played against United and I think United at the time this is our world United was they had Falcao Di Maria playing up front and he's one of the best games I've ever had in my career and I remember Glenn hoddle speaking to me for the rest of the week after that song about how well I played in certain things that I was doing and it felt like the biggest pat on the back of ever received is coming from him because I really respect him how he viewed the game. You know what I mean? Yeah. It was a it was a it was a real Kukoc and as I said, it's a shame you never got to do more. Yeah, but it's when he's worked with who has worked with you kind of appreciate it more like as I said, he was coming up the back of England and working with for me the best like real and that and site giving me stuff and saying this is how you can do that and I'm like, yes, that's High Praise that yeah. How about what was your favorite game that you've played in? If it game time, yeah, the FA Cup Final with see the first one. Yeah my FA Cup Final like I played in the UEFA Cup Final with Everton and we last Saw obviously, that's not crazy. I say never but final is nice and if I never paid in another one that it would have been real nice but to win it like like that's that if they cook now is is the real deal in it the real deal for sure. Yeah. Who's what's the favorite back to all these played in? What from different clubs or just one? Yeah that you play out from different clubs likes a certain point in the season. So like I think the people are to trust the most. Because that's what I base it off like necessarily the most best players are played with poor. Leighton Baines Gail Kishi after initially I didn't kind of I wasn't able to sync with Gail even though we were really close and I really close after field on the field didn't really go to plan because he was used to a certain style. I couldn't play that way. Yeah, but yeah, he input Leighton Baines I would say. Yeah man. We was just natural straight away. We just knew there wasn't no hidden agendas of he trying to expose me and even though The manager at the time David Moyes tried to kind of we were fighting for the same place when we did play together. We wanted it to work so we could both play. Yeah, you know, I mean so them obviously Vinny then I would save any because we had the most success which acts as well and we're gonna start this again this again, like people are listening. So that's Vincent Kompany and as Phil jagielka. Yeah. Yeah so I can drop names in Georgia this yeah Dempsey them to again. Got on off the field, but we understood each other and what we was good at like I knew Vinny wanted to be in front and lead and do that stuff and I was happy to do that and he was happy to kind of let me do that and realize the things I was good at and kind of do you know me and then right back what I would say you would have to be mine pair like this again. It was the only place that rod. Didn't work as we can. The way it was up kind of as well. So that wasn't those just a mess. But in terms of him right back, he was a joke or any know for sure people aren't doing the things he was doing them the enemy news just now you'd if he was doing it. Now, you would be getting a lot more attention. They even though he got a lot. Yeah, you got some little boys different now. Yeah, it's different. I am a more deserving now if he was to be doing here. Oh, yeah. So online I could be wrong as I say ask Siri, whatever and Yet 40 career goals here. Is that correct? Oh, I thought it was 39 to be fair watching fully but you'll take Troy yeah, so I imagine you remember them all but which was your favorite baby goal. My first goal walls was against Wimbledon old one, but in the lightest colors Park surrounding got to be up there. Okay, and possibly my first Paralegal Everton Abdullah. Did you celebrate? Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah, I celebrate like it was my last game. Yeah, I've been getting sick obviously being a Birmingham boy and Phillip fan. Like I kind of had to stop wishing. Well Angela when I joined Everton because we were fighting for the same kind of places one of the top six up seven all that. Yeah. Yeah. I can't really wish Villa do well if we're looking to finish Harden them, so that was when I kind of Like but I didn't make that known it was just kind of natural. Yeah, and then that game at Villa Park. My first season Everton and lock is getting space. They cannot be abandoned as the as it happened. I scored in front of the whole end all my God. I still be celebrating that day. So we see school before he goes. Yeah, but within our generation we've seen Messi and Ronaldo who were 500 girls plus do you think they remember all their goals? Oh. I reckon if you give them a little inkling to what if you said I'll wait would you score this goal against the goal was he went past so and so on the left and then you cut in and you bent it in there will be able to tell ya you reckon because recommend now that word well, yeah, he's obsessed with me probably watching. Yeah, so I think you know she probably not. Yeah, it's just a day in the life of this unit. I see I'm not I'm not sure if the remember though just because say I can't remember I've barely scored any goals. I can just about remember them. But then also she said if you include training goals goals and my team has just scored on a field like I don't think I could remember 500 plus, you know, and then if you add that to Messi and Ronaldo the probably scoring 15 goals in training a week. What did you look at? But if you look at it from what do you love to do the most? Mmm, I bet you could remember every time you've done that. Yeah, maybe but then it's and now that loves to score. Yeah, but then it's like Messi you could say some drummer your goal against Valencia and he'll be like which one of the 25 you talking about? Yeah, but if you said to him you're quoting from the right you bent in the stanch and last 50 goals. It's that's 50 goals in his career he would now but you know, which one if you kindly create the scenario of what it was. I reckon it'd be able to tell Must be nice, right? So yeah, so sometimes as you said, yeah, alright, so the best and worst now, who's the best player you played with? Bass player. Yes. Can I take long on this or I will get back to it. Who's the best no, no. No. I'm not the answer. We're gonna basically again had this discussion every day. Someone asked me this and I said the best footballer played with David Silva, okay hands down the best play out of played with gir taller really and then way up. Where do you find them differently is because Yaya if he played well. you want the team won the was at no Jewel was it no defeat you won the game he made sure your team won that game that was the difference and I was like like my managers say you can't turn it on and off like a light yeah they can see ya so I like that can do that but David was just like every day he was as good as he is in a game and in training so in terms of pure football ability yeah he was a joke okay so I'm just going to read between the lines and caused a bit of controversy so what you're saying is that every time City lost any Authority play it is because he wasn't trying is that what you want to get out they want to put that as a statement I want to send it wasn't trying Painting is full potential. How many times do you kidding? Yeah, it's true you use it was doing all right. Yeah, you don't want yeah. Yeah. How about the best dating you've played in? I'm unique. How about the were Stadium to go and get a result? To go. I'll get result. Just throughout your whole career, there's no. Thank you. Today the land is that will capture and the lap shoulders were always like loose for the long throw ins as well. I remember when have a cheetah Club at he put that to the advertising board. So close we could do a run-up. Yeah. Yeah, you try to shut up to Pete still just check it in. Anyway. I just want to talk to Lyla just like throwing it on the exactly event exactly who was this isn't necessarily the best player you played against as such but who is the one player who always seem to hinder your team? All right now the Always seem to hinder the worst to play games basically not necessary because they're always doing well, but they always seem to have an effect on the game. for me it was always back in the day was always Frank Lampard you might be deathly silent for the whole game yeah them boys - yeah but it across so given this box you'll take 16 deflections and who turns up right on the edge of the box and slams in yeah yeah my not to be one pad I was consistently doing that other memorable best player played against that caused me the most beef is loose ah yeah it was a problem give it to me one time and I was and I didn't do anything wrong like it's not like he just needs to me he just either turn it off and then I was like okay here's a couple more levels that are both way I think I'ma need to go yeah it was very good I remember as well yeah in that theme I remember back in the day when Freddy canoe canoe toes point for Spurs some I've seen some big man like not lose a header for five years straight then all of a sudden he got a headache he chased it down yeah man that was tough was doing them bits as well yeah I was the top was booked in the mat Sky yeah that's when I started just called room for people instead of going for headed yeah we don't need to go into that right some would you rather as you would you rather never watch out to be fair you've kind of you killed some of this off by being so old but would you rather never watch football again or never listen to music oh yeah never never listen to me yeah after that all that means I can't go out yeah well you go out if you want but you just going to hear nothing music music okay how about you've got to do the halftime show at the next Super Bowl but just you just on the floor yet for 15 minutes all the cameras watching would you rather be singing old rather be dancing Either now, dansad. Dansad. You think that's the same really really 60 million people. Yeah. If you just give me the beat I'm on it. All right. How about if you could play one more season for free and win a league title or play and get paid really really well, but lose every single game. You're not playing for click on play for Liverpool. I'll play I'll play for Liverpool at lose every game. So just think of the concept that's that's an important thing, you know, because I'm playing for the my love the most and now does that mean? All right. So you play one more season for it's okay. I prefer to play for a team that today's marketing opportunities. Tie after that game of the bullet. They were loaded with options. That is now play for free. I'm win the title. Okay, just covid Chambers Negan That season we'll get to In terms like yeah, but all this doesn't say it's completely making no money here like nothing. Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. I'll bring the Champions League clearly. This is a this is the sound of someone who's clearly well off. Anyway, like stuck it deep. That's what's up. Yeah place. All right, he's got he's got It's got bills to pay. Well, maybe he's got no bills to pay. Yeah, I'll go for free. If you play for free. These kids are eating right. So within this show we do fight a fancy 5 or side seam here and obviously you've played against some real top players played with some real top players and so on. So this might be bit different but my five aside Team all time just emphasis on Fiverr side was to have julius's are in goal for his footwork and saving shots. Lip balm in defense Javi Ronaldinho and messy that was my 5 are you all having to play with them? I can just no no just you just picking five players. Well online is up top. Okay, that's good the greatest player of all time the real Reynaldo real Ronaldo in goal. I'm going to go five aside five aside five aside think five aside. Yeah. Because I think says I might get a couple goals in mind as well. He's not met if you coming out and getting even an empty goal, but I'm Aldo. Yeah. All right, I'll go. Yeah, I've got one of the inner would have to be in there you there you go. It's keeping the people entertain. Uh-huh. I'm going. Why don't you know online Lilian thuram to Romeo? Yeah, that that it may be filled our go. This is only one moment username on keep up. Yeah. goals trying to think go bullies you can just save I don't need you to entertain anyone just say what you need to be able to receive the ball T feet because if you're falling over the ball they'll be like 20 more goals I did not really dead then a goalkeeper as we know that depth condensation pick a midfielder let's go yeah we feel that all time it feel that I can do a bit above jumped some guidance or you're right yeah 1080p people said like any Esters you could like a lily matah Lilia yeah I need I need some Nissan that what no can't a can table of ee just wants to run and he doesn't care it'll run around just want to run to get the ball to I'm I just want to chase everyone okay Dingle Dingle time being you want a new one or an old one like be talking about the SAS to stay against noise sleep with Ava I don't know if he's getting down no man is five Cycles come on man is this this is this this isn't like 50 Road van der Sar you say to stay you know yeah let's go to stake in these comedy cool - that's the third best team has been named so far good for you but before we finish I have a confession Didn't actually list all of your achievements as the big garage has come true. You just come through right now is the biggest as the biggest thing about you isn't necessarily the titles You've Won just the respect you've gained from the peers across the lake and you are a guy which most people don't know who's won player of the year on four occasions for the clubs and they've been in you've been in the players like Union Team of the Year twice as well. And I think for me that doesn't happen by accident. It's why I've always been about that's why I've always looked up to you and it's why people always loved playing with you because it's great that someone can have an Accolade and someone can get all the coverage in this that and the other but when it comes down to it, there are certain people people want to play with and a certain people who people just have to play with and as I say, I don't know anyone that's one player of the year on four occasions, especially as the defender and to me that's that's like that's the biggest thing for you. So just want to say I appreciate that I get that get slept on. Yeah great, Premier League It's got four times been voted the best player by your own peers is special. So thank you but don't get used to go don't get used to me given you too many compliments because they're not going to allow that. I know I know you like. Yeah, I know you like that's it is swearing at me on the ground and all that. Yeah. I'm a different guy and then you have to be real and Instagram, you know what? I mean? It's just entertainment. But yeah, thank you very much. Miss been great. Speak to you about appreciate it. Yeah, and I'll see you soon. Hopefully. Yeah. Yeah my cool. Take care of it. So there you have it. Hope you enjoyed hearing from a true champion as I certainly did but before I go and before I give thanks, don't forget to give the playlist to listen, if you're interested. Obviously, there's a link out there somewhere. I'm sure maybe and if not, please find Rye don't know on Instagram because they'll tell you where to find it. But yeah, thanks thanks to producer. Ryan is the best producer since dr. Dre. Thank you to Mountaineer Studios Draper Utah and listeners. Honestly, we appreciate you please reach out to the club a oh Salt Lake on all major social media platforms. And if you're still sending voice memos, please send them to digital IRS l.com till next time.