Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different.Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast. I'm your host Sheree and I just want to say thank you so much for joining me. I have a real treat for you all today. I am chatting with another one of my friends about all things soaps. Especially Santa Barbara. Actually. I consider this friend a walking Encyclopedia of Santa Barbara. We chatted up a storm. So I decided to split our chat into two parts this week. I hope you'll sit back and enjoy part one of this episode. Of the soap opera royalty podcast with my good friend Lisa riddlin. Hey Lisa, Hi, how are you? Oh, I'm doing wonderfully. Well on this beautiful Sunday here in Tennessee. How are you doing? I'm doing good. It's actually fairly nice out today over here in California as well. We have actually met once. Yes, we became friends on Facebook via our love of soap operas, and then we actually had lunch one day at a wonderful little It'll place is one of my favorites in Studio City called The Aroma Cafe. Yes. Yes, I do. I still I still visit that place often. I know it's one of my favorite place. They have the best freshly squeezed orange juice. Just want to point that out. Oh, yeah, they do if the audience has ever in California and you're looking for a great brunch place kind of the Aroma Cafe not making any money from a Roma Cafe for saying that by the way, so Lisa, basically what I want to start with today is for you to let everybody know how you got into watching. Oops. Okay. Let's see. My mom used to watch General Hospital. And so I used to watch that too. Let's see. This is probably probably really early 80s like Luke and Laura time. Like I remember when Laura was dead and I remember when she came back from the dead and I remember watching Luke and Laura's wedding. So I remember some of the early General Hospital storylines, right Ellen and Luke was dead for a while. And then Holly ended up with with Scorpio. And yeah, I remember all that and then so I was still watching General Hospital in 1984 when NBC announced that it was going to start Santa Barbara and I thought oh, it would be really cool because you know, General Hospital's really old, you know, there's always stuff that you know, you're like wait who is the person am I supposed to remember who that is? You know because you you know, I was well, I was probably only you know, eight or something so but I didn't know all the backstory so I thought oh it would be really cool to watch so Copper from the very beginning. Wow. And so that was what I did was soon as it started. I started watching it and I I loved the first episode with the killing of Chan age thought that was a great way to start off a TV show right? And and so I started watching some very beginning. I think there were maybe like a few weeks where I didn't watch and so there was like a little span of time where I didn't watch them TV. Guide had an ad for the earthquake and I was like, oh I got to watch the earthquake. And so then from the earthquake on I totally watched like religious late for years and years. That's really interesting. I didn't start in Santa Barbara until later. I think I didn't start until I want to say Eden and Cruz were broken up. I think I came in and like late 84 Maybe. It was late 84 and I got hooked on it because of Days of Our Lives because I was huge Days of Our Lives fan and I had become a huge bow and hope fan and then it was like Days of Our Lives another world Santa Barbara, right? So that was my afternoon, you know, and I mean I watched everything and I still don't know how I did that and kept up with everything considering the fact that there was no DVR or VCR back then right right, I grew up in North Carolina. So we were on East Coast time and I'm like, how did I watch everything did I just sit in front of the television and Turn the station's back and forth. I really think that's what I did because there was no remote control TV, right? Yeah General Hospital in Santa Barbara the exact same time. So I stopped watching General Hospital to switch the Santa Barbara and then you're right Dave relies upon Lake either right before or I think it was actually the think it was Days of Our Lives then another world done Santa Barbara. So there was like one summer. There were I started picking up Days of Our Lives and I watched that intermittently, but I was never as excited about it. And that's and it really was. Looking back now as I can look back. Oh my gosh how many years that was ago? 35 years. Yeah. That's right 35-year anniversary. I know it's not crazy. It really truly is so I was 11. Yeah. I was 11 when Santa Barbara from it. Can you honestly say like looking back now at all that that Santa Barbara was your favorite? Oh, absolutely. Yes. In fact, I mean General Hospital, you know, I could really always take her leave it and give her a lot. I think thing like there were some times where like, oh, I see what happens next but But all right Santa Barbara Smite is my favorite. I mean and I thought you know, I thought oh, I'm going to watch the soap forever. You know II thought it was so good and it really was sad later when the storylines really weren't as good as the early stuff, you know with all the upheavals backstage and everything absolutely but um, but yeah Santa Barbara is my all-time favorite and being in a way it's been great because I've been able to meet some of the actors in person and so that's been really fun, which I'm totally Jealous of by the way completely jealous. I've really really liked a Martinez. I really just think he's a great actor really have loved watched him on several shows. You've met him several times. Obviously I have and he's a great person. He's just so nice and generous with his time. I've worked on Days of Our Lives and General Hospital both shows that he's worked on and every single time. I've missed him like it. He hasn't been on during the time that I've worked on those. Shows yeah, I don't know why that is Lisa. I don't know what I did in my life to deserve that. Now. I want to talk a little bit about that 35th anniversary of Santa Barbara. You just returned from these Santa Barbara reunions Cruise. So tell me all of that aside how amazing and fun it was because I know it was I just know it was that's true and it was it was it was really fun to not only just meet the actors and Ciao with them, but also just to hang out with other fans from around the world some of whom I've never met and some of whom I knew from the internet, you know from either trading tapes with them or just corresponding about Santa Barbara for years. So it was a lot of fun. So yeah, they did some, you know question and answer Sessions Lane Davies and Harley Jane Cosa did a reading of the play love letters that was That was just terrific and what else do we do? Oh, we did some trivia. We did a session of trivia, which was very fun. Hmm. How did you doing that Lisa. Did you win because I know I know you're like the Santa Barbara Wikipedia and mostly there's like some of the later years. I don't know well at all and and some of that I pretend didn't exist, you know didn't happen. I'm oh no that didn't happen. You know, I refuse to accept that, you know, Gina had a child by The I won't I don't I don't I don't know. I'm right. So some of the later stuff is where I faltered but my friend Caroline she was she got 90 out of a hundred questions, correct? I got 77 so and then they had a whole bunch of prizes. So I did win a prize but that was last. Yeah. No we use is a lot of fun and we did a there was a wine tasting. You know more just mingling with the cast and stuff which was really fun. So just an opportunity of a lifetime to meet those people from I mean, it was how many it was a Martinez. Yep a Martinez Judith McConnell Nicholas Koster Charlie Chan, Cosa Lane Davies by sailing Davies, who am I saying ago? It was commonly a so Louise Sorel was supposed to go but Lane said that she got offered a an acting role at the last. Conflicted so she did want to turn that down. So she took it and Cheryl and Walter took her place. Oh Elena. Yes, and she's she was so much fun. She just put up with she was so sweet and she put up with us asking her Elena questions the entire time so I never liked the super couples when they break them up or anything happens to them or what though. I love it. I hate it. You know, it's that Love/Hate relationship with that thing that whole storyline even though it was A tad far-fetched she was fantastic. Oh my God. She's amazing. Yes that character just Ito evil evil, but you couldn't help but like her because you kind of respect to the fact that she was sick shades of crazy, you know, but she still but she was just so good. She was just such a good actress that she played it. Well, she's a terrific actress and yeah and Elena is just like one of the iconic things about fan of are absolutely you know, and the to What I loved about that entire storyline. Yeah, when they made it that she was actually cap. Well, yeah, she was feces daughter. Yeah. I really thought that was a great twist, you know, and it doesn't always work but at that did yes, and that was before they that was really before they got crazy with how many kids CeCe had every five minutes there was there was another child popping out of the woodwork you like Jesus Christ how prolific is with kids? Yeah. It's so true. It's fine. If he has one extra never even seen his people there's actually like one episode from 1985 or maybe it's 1984 Mason makes a joke about CC dating a lot after Sophia died and I wasn't there we go. There's our Open Door you go to leaving it open for cc to have you love children coming back. So like our eyes both Megan and Greg we can we can you know, make exactly exactly I do remember Greg the guy Greg. Yeah. I remember him the kid but you know, once it got to like you were saying the later years I just wasn't interested after the whole Robert bar thing. Oh, he don't even get me started on that before. I find it almost impossible to watch those episodes. I have watched them not all of them. But I've watched some of them even in the last like couple months because I like That Roscoe born so much and I worked with him at passions. Well also, I mean, I I've tried to go back to like 1984 and like see okay. Did they set this up at all? Because you know a lot of the later stuff, you know, it's just pure crap that they just absolutely heinous. Gina does not have a family her family is day. She her mother is dead. She had no brother. If you go back and like watch some of the genus summer episodes, they say together alone a bunch of time, you know are we're the only family that we have, you know, that was Gina's debate. Regina's old characters so like I really reject like them bringing in, you know, Mac and Stella Stevens and everything, but with the eating stuff, I was like trying to see okay. Well, maybe it's possible because you know, they sent her away after chanak died. Is this possible but I that the idea that Eden after like it's it's literally like two weeks after they get out Audriana back in parrot that Roscoe born shows up and like with then they set up this whole bracing. I'm thinking After all we did to get them married to survive the rape to get andriana back. You're going to break them up. Like who is the brain child that came up with this ridiculous idea and then to think that even would leave Cruz for some guy that she doesn't remember that she supposedly had an affair with it's infuriating. It's a yeah, I actually boycotted the storyline and in real time because I was like, no this is stupid. I'm not gonna watch this still like my tapes have a gap in the Like mid-1989 right around the you know soon as they get Audrey on the back Lane Davies leave. It's like right after that. I was like, this is ridiculous. You know, I just I can't and I tried to pick it back right after the Pebble Creek bringing in 1990, but I was just like, you know, this is to stop the same. It's not the same show. It wasn't no it wasn't, you know, there were too many appeals with you know, NBC was too concerned about the rating that they kept, you know, trying to bring new people in you, you know, Decorative producers and by that time it was they'd broken it to where it couldn't be. So absolutely. Well, I would love to know whose brilliant idea was to split evening cruise up and I realized that the soap opera formula, you know, no one can ever be happy. But really if you look at the Timeline between the wedding, you know, the rape the pregnancy all of that was so traumatic and then literally look if you look at the time lights, it's like it's like two weeks after they get Audrey on the back that Robert bars here and hey, we're going to break them up again. And after they'd been through this horrific rape that was you know, groundbreaking and a time for the how brutal it was. Yes, and then they kind of sort. I mean Lee McCloskey is a terrific actor and he is agrees up there with Cheryl and Walter as you know, the best psycho ever right, but that was kind of almost a betrayal of that storyline because the idea that it was your your gynecologist, that would be a rapist, you know was just It was a little over-the-top. It was just too much. I mean he ended up playing that storyline, you know, terrifically the at the end stuff, you know with him and his sister Claire in the mental institution. He was great. So and then I could see why they wanted to bring him back as a really good actor. But really that was just that was just too much with him being the rapist but to go through all that and then be like, oh wait he's gonna like give up everything her entire life that she's worked for, you know. Mhm, for some guy that she doesn't remember absolutely and and I think that they also parachuted John Convoy in on top of Jill fairy tales because she was the executive producer after the Dobson's live and then all of a sudden John Convoy comes in and my understanding is that NBC was just like, oh the ratings built that right, you know, even though this is a big huge cult following even though you know, it's winning all of the viewers Choice Awards. It was 1990 when Santa literally one every single Soap Opera Digest award that it was upset. Absolutely, even though it was doing all that they were like, oh our ratings suck. That's all they were focused on us and I just sort of parachuted down Convoy in over her head to sort of take the helm and he came in and you know change the couple house changed the Orient Express, you know, just to say hey, look I'm a big man. I'm here and stuck his name at the end of the show on a single frame, you know, like who the hell do you think you are Sparky exactly exactly and and Was I'm so sorry, but that cap. Will Mansion looked horrible. Oh, it totally did and the Orient Express looked at. What was that supposed to be a dining room at you know, an upscale Soup Plantation. I didn't I didn't really understand how that was working. It was almost like I thought I felt of the viewer that he was just like trying to say like I'm here now and I'm in charge and I'm going to make this better and then hmm it just what was the point of that giving it a facelift to to try and like suddenly Lee that's going to make everything better know you need better storyline you need better writers. Well, you know, it's always that it's somebody needs to put their their fingerprint on something and the very first thing they change is the look of the show. Yeah, but he turned everything white. Yeah. It's like everything was white and cream colored and and I was like, okay. I thought the best thing about the cap. Well Mansion was that Fountain it was that was in the middle of it was which I think if you watch the early episodes On for a while and it's really hard to hear the dialogue. So I think exactly they turned it off after a while. The fountain was not on anymore and I'm sure that the sound Engineers were probably going okay to sound is beautiful here and you getting paid a lot of money for this but you can't hear the dialogue exactly water doesn't do well for booms in soap operas are in television. They it just does. Oh, yeah, it probably would have been prettier had they had the water on but you know, I just really like the fountain but I mean the whole idea of the capital Rajan was this supposed to have those arches, you know that were reminiscent of the mission, you know, it was supposed to have the Santa Barbara look to it. And when it was redone, it looks like everybody else. It looks like every other soapbox. I agree with you. I don't think it should be about the look. I think it should be about the story and bringing the story. I realized what you know that NBC was obsessed with the ratings and they were like going look at all these other soap operas that have this formula that are doing great in the rating. So clearly what made Santa Barbara great And got all these followers isn't what we care about anymore. We have to be like every other soap opera right because that those are the ones that are that are, you know, number one one and two and three and the ratings. Yeah, right. So I get why they did it but as a viewer watching it I found at the fence absolutely but it's like, you know why I watch this show because it's not like the other so exactly, you know, it was funny. It was quirky. It was it was different in this sense in the sense of the rubber bars storyline. I do have one friend. A who that's what that's really what fucked her in with that story lion and she says he's the acting is is fabulous. And that I believe is what a Martinez won. The Emmy for was for That season of work, which really, he should have won the Emmy for when eat was dead because I was some amazing acting lately agree with you when he thought even with that and so I keep thinking one of these days. I'm going to try and go back and watch the Robert bar stuff, but I've tried to watch a couple episodes and it's I just want to grow things to eat. I know because I've just like have why would he do this because of the whole thing that she didn't remember he didn't remember and then all of a sudden she remembers that they stole some statue or something. I mean it was I was like what they yeah after all that screws had done for her and we're talking about for the past six or seven years. She had been with Robert bar for what a summer. Yeah. Yeah some some magical magical summer break, right supposedly was like Some summer. Yeah. I've tried to do the timeline out to see could it make sense? So if standing was killed in July 30 to life thirtieth, nineteen seventy nine. Let's say CC sensor away for the end of 1979. They could have met there and then she had what some accident upon the had a can't remember anything and somehow ends up in Europe. Exactly. And then that's when she needs Cruise the following summer in 1980. So I've tried to timeline without to see if it's possible that this could work right exactly. But I just remember that I'm like we're supposed to believe that Eden is making a decision between Cruz who's been with her through multiple miscarriages. Yeah all of your stuff. Yeah, who knows she has a family with yep get their baby back and then wait, who are you? Oh what if I want a life with you really? Do you have a life with anybody that you're with when you're eight. Those are the things later. You're like boy. I'm glad I did. I will tell you from my experience. This is when I could not watch any more I could not watch when they made Crews go with Kelly. I could I just and Reva Shayne from Guiding Light Came on who I loved. One of my favorite story lines of all time is the sled of Springfield Reva Shayne in the fountain, huh one of my favorites, but when that whole thing and it was Cruz back in the high school days. I was waiting for him. And Tory Lane out of the bushes. I was waiting for her to come back. I know do they do they mention Tory at all, but that I mean, I do remember a little bit of that. So in the fall of 1991 was my freshman to freshman year in college, and I actually was still going to try and watch Santa Barbara. So I even scheduled my first semester in college classes around it so that I could go up to the yes, but I could go up to the dorm lounge and watch Santa Barbara and then I think you know, it's just it's not the same so I can't do it. Die die die so our know a little bit about that whole consumer stuff and and but then again that all just essentially kind of reinvented the past and like brought up stuff that was never part of the history before, you know, which annoys me i4ii get annoyed with the stuff where we pretend history didn't happen. Absolutely 100% because then we find out that Cruz has a daughter with again the yeah, and I'm like, okay so back in 1986. We were told that the his girlfriend was Tory Lanez. Right? Right, and that they killed the Keith Timmons is Sister. Well, she actually drowned it was an accident that whole thing being is that's what we were told. That was how the all that played out. So when this is when is he having this affair with Kimber? What were they in grade school together? And that's when this child it just things like that just drive me bananas well, and then supposedly didn't didn't Crews leave town because Has he took the rap for BJ shooting Frank the guy who had been molesting her? Yeah. So Crews pretended he he shot the guy or something. Yeah. It's yeah the crews the guy who uphold Justice right and wouldn't say during the Elena Nicholas trial that he killed her in self-defense because he's like, I'm not gonna lie. I'm not gonna say I did something when I didn't do it. All of a sudden now is doing a complete 180 and being like Oh, yeah. I shot the dude. Yeah. Yeah, really? Yeah. It really just demeans the character that We've invested in over the past seven years. Okay years at that time that those are the things that make me mad just to make a comparison the Luke and Laura rape story on General Hospital. Yes. Yes. I know what I'm talking about. And then later on you Gloria Monty said was a mutual seduction. Yeah, right because they tried to downplay it because they realized yes, but they got a lot of backlash about the fact that they played that storyline where she said it was a mutual seduction and it wasn't I mean because who Mary's they're rapists. Yeah, you know, yeah, and they and they become the most iconic soap opera couple of all time. Yo, it's crazy. Well, they did a similar thing on Days of Our Lives with with Jack where you know, he raped chaos and then they were then they switched out smash you Alfred or bath.you Ashford and trying to like reform him and you know, he became one of their main characters with what's her name was Jennifer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure if they ever really addressed that problem with that was no absolutely and I think when you don't treat this the audience like they remember what happened. That's when you start losing people because they lost me. Yeah. Yeah, they lost me too. I mean I'm still upset about the whole Gina having a family thing because I think they apparently they tried to play it off by saying that she just lied and I'm like, no she didn't like her has been alone together. Gina's character was that she had no other family except Brandon or you know, and then Haley comes in it was she had no other family right or eise, you know, I'm exactly and so yeah, I'm sure she was excited to have, you know new characters to play off of but for me, I felt like it really diminished everything that Gina was right and then for her to have a baby later, I'm like did we discover some new technology that allows? It's an okay Medical Science advances, you know, but how in the world was she able to get pregnant? Yeah, you know when the entire theme of Gina's life was that she couldn't have her own jump exactly because of that whole Brandon thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's how she ended up the Brandon thing was such a huge story line and it played for I don't know how long there's some things that it's such a reach and when you're like literally over writing previous episodes right here. Let me play you this episode, you know where Augusta finds out. Doubt that Sophia had the affair with Lionel and finds out the Channing is is is Lionel son that happened in 1985 and then fast forward to where supposedly Augusta knew all along about Sofia and Lionel and that's why she had an affair with some dude and we're so glad that warrant right? No go back to 1985. That's not that long. It's unreal unreal. It's a it's ridiculous. Right? Exactly and you're wondering why you're losing viewers. If you had hardcore viewers from from 1985 that remember this absolutely and I think a big change came when Marcy Walker left. Oh definitely. I was so disappointed with the way they kill that character almost didn't kill her or I'm sorry, they left or made our Channing and she left, right? Yeah. They basically essentially destroyed her character, which was probably worse, you know by having multiple personalities and then Bridget in Jerome come back like right at the end of that story line and so they were already He stuck with the with the multiple personalities. Apparently, we'll all right. Let's make the best of this but I still have issues with the whole Channing shooting right Sophia thing to me that stupid, you know, being a long-term fan of the show and knowing soap operas like we do we can say there are so many other avenues you could have gone down. Yeah. I've read interviews with a Martinez where he said that whole storyline where she was Suzanne, which I didn't watch any of that because I thought it was ridiculous. I You tiny bit of it. But yeah, it's not good at all. We are supposed to believe that Cruz would not know that's even yeah, I think he felt that his offensive. Yeah, absolutely because they live with these characters for so long so they know the characters better than even the writers who because you know, the thing about soap operas is they change producers they change writers all the time. They change writers and the writers can apparently be bothered to you know, learn the history of the show. It's kind of like when Karen seen Garland took over the role of Kelly. She likes that in interviews. I've tried to make the character mine. I'm like the character is not sure write a character already exists. Kelly is already a person you need to adapt yourself to that parent or not the other way around and that's where I really felt. They also destroyed Kelly's character by having this curve and chase after Robert far, right? Yeah. And by the way, I loved her with the with Rick Castillo thought that that would have been a great pair. Yeah, I would have been I would have been fine with that. Sure. Yeah. I just didn't understand. Appeal of Robert Barr. I did not either and and this is not a reflection of Roscoe born. I loved working with him. I thought he's a great actor. It was the character. Yeah, a Martinez said the same thing that he was a great guy. There you go so friends, that's all we have time for today. I'll be back next week with part 2 of my chat with Lisa. In the meantime. You can follow me on our socials at soap opera royalty on Facebook at soap opera royalty podcast on Instagram and At soap underscore royalty on Twitter. If you have a comment suggestion question, or if there's someone you think I should interview. Please email me at soap opera royalty at gmail.com until next time friends. Thank you so much for listening to the soap opera royalty podcast.