This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something to me that no therapist ever said before he was like, have you ever considered the idea that you might have OCD? Yes. I do remember this and at the time I was like, I definitely don't like Whatever else is going to be I definitely don't have OCD like there's no part of my life. That's about compulsive neatness or order. Like I like walking pigpen. I can attest to the truthfulness of that statement. But what the guy said he was like, well, there's a kind of OCD called Puro where you don't really have noticeable visible compulsions instead. You're just extremely extremely obsessive. Okay that that comports with the person that I know. Yes, so he gave me the test I was Off the charts and like it was one of those moments is really helpful because there are all these parts of my personality that I've kind of struggled with that all the sudden a snapped into place. It's like fighting your horoscope kind of like beep there's so many times my life where someone's like, oh, why don't you just stop thinking about it? Why don't you let it go when you get over it? Why do you not just not look at that? And I've always been like you're joking, but then there's this other thing that happens where sometimes my brain just locks onto things that don't matter at all like things are just small and stupid like I was Somebody the other day about this sci-fi book, I'd read as a kid and I tried to remember the name and I couldn't remember the name and I was like, oh, this is the rest of my day. The rest of my day is trying to remember the name of this bug and my brain will not change the channel until I do what was the book that your thigh in the arm? Thank God. But but but like I know everybody experiences that I experienced it. I swear to God much more deeply. Okay. I'm saying this to you because the story that I want to tell you this week. It's about a man who is living in exactly that he'll like the hell of having something stuck on the tip of your tongue. That just will not go away. I felt like I was uniquely qualified to help him. And so I tried The story is super tech support. So this week our listener with an unusually thorny technical problem is a guy named Tyler Gillette. So I am I live in Los Angeles. I am an artist a film director. I was very intrigued by your email. I've been I like the I can't overstate how much of this is driven me crazy what tell me about the problem. So this this the problem began, this is probably I don't know. This is a couple Ago now I was leaving I was leaving a dinner party with with my wife. I think it was a holiday party and I had had I had a couple of beers and we're driving back to our place. And as I tend to do, you know, I'm trying to get her attention make her laugh and I'm singing this song that's stuck in my head and he's asking me like what is this? What is this weird song you're singing. So I was like, you don't know this song is like a huge thing in the nineties. I can't believe you don't know this song. So I pull my phone out to try to find it so that I can put it on Bluetooth and we can listen to it on the drive home and I can't find a single layer to this song. I can't figure out you know who made it nothing no information anywhere on Google about about this song and the next thing you know, the next 10-15 minutes of our drive home is is quiet because I'm just sort of sitting sitting in the passenger seat like frantically searching for this for this song and I eventually get home. It's like, you know, 10:30 11 o'clock at night. She's like, well I'm going The bed and I was like, oh cool. I'm gonna stay up. I got to figure this thing out and I'm awake for the next like three and a half hours on my Google and every time I searched something new and found another dead end. I was getting increasingly frustrated but also kind of scared like it started to dawn on me that there was something that there was something really bizarre happening it just it felt almost like he'd found like a hole in the world like a glitch. He said it wasn't like this was the best song in the world like that wasn't there. Problem the way he described it. He said it's a song where it's like the choruses are kind of in this. I love you too. But the verses are very Barenaked Ladies so far. You're selling me like a song that I really don't want to listen to while door you can't but just the point is our they're not as a good song the point is that because Tyler couldn't find it. He just could not let go of this thing. I would wake up in the middle of the night with a new lyric and my head and I'd go to my computer and write it down and then go back to bed like this these lyrics were kind of like filtering into my brain because the can this song or not ambiguous lyrics like there are a million and one things that you should be able to just type into Google and it immediately pull up, you know, the the right song and instead Google was returning these like wildly literal search results, like one of the lyrics is better than a sultan for a bride or something like that and I'm searching this and it's just pulling up pictures of like of like royalty, you know, like Sultan's and royalty and their family and like this is the weirdest thing that is not there's nothing absolutely nothing on the internet about this song. Does he know how he remembered the lyrics so clearly was it a song he heard a lot. Yeah. It's a song that he said like he would have heard a lot in like junior high high school era when he was growing up in Arizona. Okay, which also means that he has remembered the song with what I have to say is a remarkable amount of clarity for over two decades. So the the intro the kind of intro to measures it's like this do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do. Doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo. I think it's quite on its I think it's like a flute and the whole kind of conceit of the song is better than like better than a you know, and then they sort of rattle off a bunch of things like yeah, you're better than it is when the mono on the G string better than the promise of a good one night something but I didn't you know, I did stick to sort of how that is where naked lazy. It's very Barenaked Ladies eat, right and there's sort of and then the chorus is this like share your love with me tonight. I wanna feel that love. Of which is like the kind of you to it has this sort of grand like Arena Arena sound to it, you know. Yeah well and it's catchy even like your rendition of it like it's like it has like Nokia ringtone. Yeah. There's like an earworm e an earworm equality to it for sure. This is the this I'm like, you don't recognize that no, nobody recognize this. So the next thing Tyler did to solve this. It was such a It was such a desperate attempt at a solution. So Tyler is not a musician, but he decided to try to record the song on his own using like Adobe Premiere because he's a filmmaker. So he recorded like a multitrack version of it where he is doing every single instrument with a mouth with his mouth. Do you wanna hear what he made? I absolutely do. Okay. This is truly inspired. Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo long before I held you back to the dreams. I hate to say it. But one of the reasons this doesn't help because he have perfect not necessarily like a natural born singer now, he would be the first two victims. Resultant for a brighter than the cherry on what to do to Sunday dinner, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo narrow narrow now share your love with me tonight. It reminds me of a lot of bad 90 songs. It does remind me of Chickity China the Chinese chicken, which is actually called One Week by Barenaked Ladies China the Chinese. You have a drumstick and your brain stops, ticking watch an X-Files with no lights on with on Amazon's all the smoking bans in this one like it reminds me of Savage Garden. Do you revise the Savage Garden I use think or is that the dip it dip it dip it like it should be cool. You know that fucking song No Bad song. Yeah. It's like there was a moment in the mid to late 90s where white alt rock bands had to have sort of like the Cadence of rapping in their songs and this like belongs to that moment. Yeah, well Tyler, sorry this is in your head an additional thing. That just makes us very frustrating and confusing is that Tyler's 100% sure that this song was a pop song. He says as a kid, he didn't listen to anything that was obscure or Indie. He says his taste in music was just completely mainstream, right? So whatever this was it was something like big on the radio, so it shouldn't have disappeared. Yeah. I mean there are Regional hit by the same Terry, you know, maybe this was just big in But the one thing he found on the internet was a post on a form called Strat talk.com, which is for Stratocaster fans the guitar. I'm familiar with the guitar. So it's a post by guy who goes by Piezo man. And this guy on the Forum had posted this question that basically was like this song was in my head, but I can't find it anywhere on Google and then on on this this forum post. He lists some of the lyrics X and they're the same like the lyrics are similar enough that they are definitely from the same song that I am remembering and he even went as far as to play the sort of intro like the first two measures of the intro on his guitar and posted it on YouTube. The thing about this guy is he's posting from Trinidad and Tobago. Oh, okay, not a regional hit not original. Like somehow this song Was Heard by Piezo man who is in Trinidad and Tobago and Tyler who's in Flagstaff, Arizona, but then completely wiped from the internet. Tyler had already tried messaging Piezo man on the Forum no luck. I tried also no luck either. So Tyler's next have had then been to take the song he'd made and then he tried to plug it into this app called SoundHound SoundHound is like Shazam accept. The idea was downtown is supposedly you just sing a Melody into the app and it's suppose to be able to recognize the song. That's really cool. Yeah, so he tried that it hadn't worked. So that's when I came up with a plan of my own. Which is this is going to fly to Los Angeles get Tyler into the studio and then just make a way higher quality way more accurate version of the song from his memory and we take that copy plugin SoundHound and then we'll have it. So that was the plan after the break Los Angeles. This episode of reply all is brought to you by Squarespace the Squarespace. You can own your own domain put your idea or business online and use beautiful templates to Showcase it so I have a website called gopher gripes where people are allowed to submit their own grapes about things that they don't like there are some really good ones. Okay, when movie trailers reveal too much information about the plot. Oh God, I agree. Am I supposed to just want to go in and see like that last five minutes in the credits. If you have a petty gripe about the world go to go for grapes. Calm and submit it when it's time to build your website. Check out squarespace.com reply all for free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code reply all to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain this episode of reply all is brought you by Duncan Duncan's new matcha latte is combined sweetened matcha green tea blended with milk. You can drink it as a morning pick-me-up or to hit the reset button on your day and they're serve three different ways hot. I stand Frozen so you can discover the one that's most delicious to you. Take a sip on the bright side. With matcha latte as a Duncan America runs on Dunkin price and participation may very limited time offer this episode of reply all is brought to you by LinkedIn jobs. The right person can have an impact on your business for years to come. So when you need to fill an open roll LinkedIn jobs can help you find that perfect hire for your company fast LinkedIn jobs screens candidates for the hard skills and soft skills that you're looking for things like creativity and collaboration and put your I'll post in front of qualified candidates that match your business requirements perfectly. That's how a person is hired. Every eight seconds on LinkedIn find the right person for your business today with LinkedIn jobs. You can get the first $50 off your first job post of any cost by visiting linkedin.com reply all that's linkedin.com reply all for $50 off terms and conditions apply. Welcome back to the show. Okay, so a couple weeks ago my friend. Christianly Hudson who's a singer songwriter in La he basically put together a band for me. I've just a bunch of great musicians. He knows who he said would be willing to help me with this project. Hey, hey, I met them on a Sunday morning in a parking lot of this recording studio called United recording in Hollywood the band. I would describe them as cool in a nun intimidating way. They were just a gang of really Smiley dudes. DJ Logan makes me feel like it. Should we go it should yeah. Yeah. Hi. It is this view babe Stevie. Hey, how you doing, man? So we walked in the studio. Everybody's like, oh God. This place is just uncomfortably fancy. Like this was a studio that Frank Sinatra built in Los Angeles. Okay. I started thinking about the band that actually recorded the song like did they get to use a studio this nice to do it? It's a beautiful like wood-paneled like the walls had all the records are either. It's like violet. Jackson Mariah Carey we're joking. I was trying to get a little bit queasy at that moment. Just because you're in a really nice recording studio. There's four musicians. There's an engineer just like what business do I have trying to recreate a song off of some guy's memory. And that is the moment when Tyler shows up the guy with the song in his head. Hey Tyler. This is meet you in person. How's it going? So we go to the control room. They're like, hey, we've got like a runner if you guys need snacks or anything, which is a guy who are supposed to do it goes to get your snacks. I didn't know that there was such a thing. I didn't know either. Anyway, Tyler may all the musicians We Gather on a semicircle. I recite the plan so I would journalist and I make a cast and so it was Will lizard-like problems. They were to help them. Okay. So this guy wrote us the feels like everyone's sort of enjoying the challenge of this but nobody really thinks Tyler's going to remember the song well enough to really make something out of it. Like we are taking a crappy fossilized footprint of a dinosaur and trying to imagine and recreate the dinosaur from that footprint. So I take out my iPhone and I played I was recording and show people what they'll be working with do-do-do-do do-do-do-do. Before I had you in my dreams, OK men captured my imagination some things are never what they seem. I am thinking it is reminding me of one particular song. That's like no. No, I don't know kind of one another no dinner van. Got to learn how Didn't know that is the what is that one week? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So at this point my friend Christian the guy who got in the band together. This is a moment where he realizes what he's got himself into he leans over to me and he goes I'm gonna have to sing this because Christian is a very talented musician, but it's true the way he sings his songs. Me tracking down cuz it sounds nothing like the dude from Barenaked Ladies. Yeah. so anyway The band leaves the control room goes in the live room and they start warming up. The crazy thing the thing that I didn't expect was that basically Tyler immediately transformed into like a very confident music producer like he was running around. He's like, he's like, okay guitars going to do this like the symbols. I think you'd be a little more shimmery. Like bases going to do that. Is there a is there a more is there a sparser baseline it feels busy? Like there's something he's like, you know, the guitar supposed a little more like Edge guitar like from you too. He was so specific in his musical instruction and way that I would never have been able to be with his dad. It sounds like trying to make a police sketch. Yes. It's totally like a police catch except in this case. The dude who got mugged has perfect recall for people's faces. Like Tyler started coaching the drummer. He started coaching the bases the guitarist who also played flute and then he jumped in the vocal booth. Christian and was coaching them through vocals though. Some things are never what they seem. I never have to worry cause I know you are you're better than a tower was so high off the thrill of seeing the song go back to life. First of all, he made his wife come to the studio to see because he's like, this is real. This is real you can see the song is real and then he would like like in the middle of it. He called he called her and she came she drove over the studio and he was clutching his hair in his Hands in like pure joy and then he even actually started remembering parts of the song that he forgotten he was like, oh, you know, there's this guitar solo. Could we do the guitar solo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo it goes back in. I'm very good. I'm very happy for Tyler. I know it felt great. It felt like we'd actually yank this thing out of his memory and turn it into an actual road map. We could actually use to find the real song. Do you want to hear it? Mmm, okay. Your buddy is such a trooper for actually saying these lyrics he kind of kill that. Because I know string better than a seven good one night thing better than a book full of Eddie big pictures. Even if it came with a year subscription you better than his he could do a Holyfield rings out that even the daughter of us old than for my better than the cherry on our whipped cream sundae with a cherry on a rift cream sundae shit. The guitars are shimmering. They're very much a rhythm guitar Shimmers. Is this allowed? All right. So then you ran it through the thing and you figured out what it was we put it into sound. No result. Uh-huh, but we now had like a real version of the song we could go play it for people. We could find somebody who recognized it. I had this feeling like I was carrying almost like an artifact in my pocket. Like we had plucked this song from whatever late 90s Napster graveyard. It had been interred in and it was ours now, you know, it was like having a baby Triceratops in my pocket. So I figured the best place to take this would be to music critics. So I called Brendan klingenberg. He's a senior editor at Rolling Stone. Okay. Here we go. Matter with a g-string better than the promise of a good one night thing better than a book full of Eddie paid Fisher's even in the game. I do not know this song. Okay, I'm sorry. Let me do you want me to grab some people like in a conference room? Yes. Oh my God. Yes, please I can get there's a there's a bunch of people who would be better suited to have heard this. Oh my God. Thank you so much. Brian was referring to the fact that he is 28 and there are a lot of critics at Rolling Stone her older than 28 so he I grabbed five of them. He said between them there was over a hundred years of pop music writing experience in one room. You're talking to the Rolling Stone Brain Trust for them. Matter with a g-string better than the promise of a good one. Nothing. No, no, nothing not at all not ringing any bells. He thought that because they didn't recognize the song. It actually meant the song probably didn't exist. That's either are super elaborate prank or something. Very strange here. Something's Austin though and someone from the all about the guys and he telling the truth is he does he work for a viral marketing their honest-to-god best. Guess was that this was a hoax? The Tyler was just lying to me. I believe Tyler so I went for a second opinion. I called Jessica Hopper. She's a legendary music critic. She used to edit pitchforks. You're an MTV News. All right, here we go. Okay, do you recognize this at all? Part of it really felt like the like dibby dibby dibby. Yeah. This song probably exists. Where did he live? He lived in Arizona healed in Suburban, Arizona, and he said he only listened to the radio and not cool radio. Mmm-hmm. I love this challenge. They said earlier and it was a man singing. Yeah, it was a rock band. So the one other place he found it on the internet when he likes there was a post on a Stratocaster guitar for him and that guy was in Trinidad and Tobago. It's a major label record Major label rifles get it. Yeah, because there's like no there's like no indie record that would have like literally gotten around the world to weird places like that. It would have had to be something that was a charting hit but then if it's a charting hit, how is it not on the internet? Fuck? Yeah. This is a real Bermuda Triangle. They've both sailed through this song. Okay. Can you send me a copy of this? Yes, absolutely. Okay. So next percent ride was I emailed Robert christgau? You know Robert christgau has yeah. I like Dean of American pop music. We like you you contacted Robert christgau, but the old Robert christgau about it. I was like, he's heard every pop songs since 1967. So he told me to email me the song which I did and he said, you know, actually the person who would really know. This is Rob Sheffield, which was the same thing the Rolling Stone editor. Ted everybody seems to agree that Rob Sheffield is the human Encyclopedia of Forgotten pop music. He would definitely know it when it comes to terrible music from The Vault of collective cultural memory. I'm the janitor with the broom. So can I play this mess? Yes. Is this ring any Bell? Right better than the Cherry under whipped cream sundae. No any bells it up. I'd love to to hear just like a bit of it again. Let me play for you. Thank you. It's something I picked up that I didn't pick up the first time. Yeah is the reference to to Bettie Page pictures? Yes, which is Like that's that's that's that's super specific. That's definitely late nineties. That's definitely not early 90s. I'm you know, I would I would bet. No, not a limb. I would better tell that that it's that it's 90 97 to 99. What do I do? I have you tried like just you know walking from town to town with a ukulele ha ha ha yours is like the punishment. I feel like whatever my sentence. So this is the point where my obsessive brain just really dug its teeth in because despite all this work Not only was I no closer to finding the song. The song was winning. It had wormed itself in my brain. So terribly I actually realized it's been decades since I heard a pop song that I couldn't just immediately look up online to get out of my head and it was like in the meantime, my brains defenses had atrophied like during the day was kind of fine. Like I'd walk around humming the song I'd see people in the hallways and seeing lyrics to them. It was at night then it got really bad. I'd go home and eat dinner to get in bed. I just lie there. Staring at the ceiling the guitar solo just 17 seconds of Music looping in my head for hours like till literally 3 a.m. My lover has a word. I have an obsessive brain. I'm used to obsessing over things. This was uniquely bad. It was just a Melody a melody and this question which was starting to feel frankly infuriating. How on God's green earth. Can you have a hit radio song that actually just gets vaporized from history and it wasn't just me like one of these nights. I got a text from Christian the singer he was also awake also humming it to himself. Hello do-do-do-do-do-do. Do do do your brain is broken the way my brain is broken. It's like Tyler has like a contagious disease. He's patient zero and now we all have it. I talked to Jay and and Max who who played on that session I guess they had dinner the other night specifically to talk about the song because they both are having the same. I guess the same thing that we're having words. You can't get it out of their heads are like what something so familiar about this. We'd be men that have dinner just to talk about the song. Yeah, that makes me feel so much less alone. And I really hope that you figure this out. I know. So at this point I kind of escalated things I decided obviously I've been going about this all wrong for whatever reason this song is not reached the point where critics today still remembering it. And so I thought to myself who is the person who would have been around back then who the song definitely would have mattered to when it came out and The Only Name I could really come up with was Steven Page. Steven Page was a former frontman of the Barenaked Ladies. Ha ha ha. Okay, because my thing King was everybody keep saying that the first of our mystery song sounds a lot like the verse of one week and again if I'd been the frontman for the band that did one week. I would have noticed the songs that sounded a lot like our song so I called Stephen. Hello. Hey Steven. How's it going? I'm great. How are you? I'm good. I'm calling for a weird reason. Yeah, so Stephen was the lead singer of The Barenaked Ladies back when they were writing songs, like if I had a million dollars goofy pop songs that sold millions and millions of Records. So first things first, I played in the song. Okay, here we go. Description you're better than to take it to a Holyfield ring sound better than the daughter of a sultan for ride better than the cherry on our whipped cream sundae better than a week. Never ever have a Monday. Like I there are elements in that that are very Barenaked Ladies and their little things like there's the flute part like when we had a song Who Needs sleep that had a flute thing in it like that. Yeah, and then like the in the course is that down now now now on the guitar, which is like very very naked ladies, but That stuff is more Barenaked Ladies to me than the song itself. The song itself makes me go. Oh, that's what people thought we sounded like. Oh, wow. Yeah, so Stephen did not recognize the song but he was actually able to help me with the mystery the that question of like how does a pop song just disappear. He said that somebody was actually in the late 90s music scene this completely made sense to him. Can you imagine the band that would have written this song? Oh, yeah. There was an ERA there in that like Like whatever 97 to 2000 and to where they were bands largely who'd grown up in the bar scene who had this kind of mix of like the history of being a cover band who then morphed into a band who had originals and at that point that was the absolute peak of the record industry 1998 to 2000. What do you mean that was when the record business made the most money in the history of the record business. It was the bubble it was it was the Real estate bubble or the.com bubble of the music business the way Stephen described it all this money pouring in it actually made things feel really unsafe for musicians because the labels were just in full speculation mode. They were treating the bands like penny stocks. So they were signing bands left, right and Center interesting. So is like you so it's totally an era that would support somebody who pops up does one thing and then you never hear from them again. Yep. It's also possible to that. Sometimes these bands would have a song or two that they They would test on some radio stations and they'd never get the record deal or they get the record deal in the album would never come out. Wait, what song wasn't yeah be kind of like, you know demoing a stuff they be doing a test market doing some research that would call it doing research on a record. So you you write this angle you record the single it get mixed engineered they played on the radio and then if people didn't respond to it in like Flagstaff, Arizona, it just disappeared. Sometimes that was the case or the record would come out and not get any promotion but stuff might seem like Seem like it's a hit when it's you just happened to be hearing it a few times while it's being tested in your Market. That's so strange God that for those bands that must have been so hard like, oh God. I know so many bands so many great bands to who you know record, you know, we're in debt up to their ears, but with the record company and the record company would either not put the record out eventually or they'd put it out and dump it and they get dropped and then they be A band that got dropped and they could is hard to get Second Chances then so this band could have been one of those it is fully possible. The song was played on the radio, but never actually released which would explain why it never made it onto the internet, huh. This was the first person I spoke to who actually had a working theory for how Tyler could have heard the song a million times on the radio. But then also how the song could have just disappeared and Stephen had an idea for how to find the song which is what he said to do is just go find a radio program director who worked the late 90s, right because idea was just like the record labels were constantly sending new music to the radio stations and the program directors were the people whose job it was to listen to all this stuff. So I found one Preston Elliot. He's worked for Y100 and I played in the song that's got a real distinctive Melody to it with the with the flute playing there and it would it would definitely stand out to me if I knew that you know, that's that's a really dorky sounding song and I think that I would absolutely recognize hahaha So president had never heard the song he was absolutely sure. Okay, but that is okay because there's one more Avenue try which is actually Christians idea the singer from the band. Mmm. It might be worth reaching out to like producers from the time because probably like there was one producer who did like half of these guys albums. Yeah, probably and usually when you have a band that like is either trying to sound like another band or whatever. They would always try to like the guy I think his name. Jerry back he produced all the Blink-182 stuff and then every band that sounded like Blink-182 is like let's get this guy to record right? Maybe there's that equivalent of that for the Barenaked Ladies. It turns out there is her name is Susan Rogers. Hello. Hi. That was weird. We did it answer funny. It will first there was dead silence. And then there was a tone that sounded like a complex tone. That was kind of rising in Pitch. You hear everything musically? I don't know about that. Well, at least you hear things are musically than I do. Okay. So Susan along with David Leonard did the bulk of the Barenaked Ladies production and I played her the song. Have a good one night thing better than a book full of any big pictures. Even if it came with a wow, does it ring a bell? No, so she didn't remember it, but she had a totally different Theory. Um, I have a strong suspicion that what he's Hearing in his brain is a hybrid that it it might feature a verse from Barenaked Ladies. And of course course from something else when the brain is forming memories and has to take a pattern of neural activity. Very and it has to tag that pattern with this protein, but that pattern is pretty darn fragile. Okay, so I think I should have mentioned about Susan she actually left the music industry to pursue a career in Academia. She knows a ton about cognition how the brain works but her theory that this is actually a false memory for Tyler that it's two songs that he's fusing together. That's actually a theory mostly based in her days as a music producer. She told me the story about working in the studio. I remember one time. I'm Prince was we were at rehearsal and he was at the piano and taking a break and he's just noodling around with something and he he he liked it the thing he was noodling around with and he looked up and he says that's really nice. Did I write that? Huh? He didn't he wasn't sure he liked it and he wasn't sure if it was one of his or not before Prince had worked with Crosby Stills and Nash and I'll never forget this walked into the studio one morning after they had been up all night working on a track and the I was just putting it away. So I heard the track and was just instrumental at this point. And I said, oh I love that song and now she looked at me and he said what song and I said the one you're playing right now Love Don't Live Here Anymore. He said no, we just wrote that and recorded it last night and I went no. Yeah, so Susan's point is even professional musicians can sometimes makes up whether they're writing a song or remembering a song and she thinks Tyler just made the opposite mistake. Like he thought he was remembering song actually using like chunks of songs. He half remembered and writing a new song with them. Is there something musically do you hear the song and just it sounds like what about this song makes you think that it could be two songs cross together. Musically, it doesn't really Doesn't really sound like a single huh radio was so damn competitive in the 90s. You had to be damn good and it sounds like the kind of song that would have made the grade as a nice album cut, but I kind of suspect my strong hunch is that that song is an invention Susan's Theory both made sense and sent me into a total tailspin because at this point what I realize is that the song obviously is this terrible earworm. It's fully stuck my head but it's an ear worm that can never be removed because the cure for an earworm is to listen to it. And if this song does not exist, there's no to listen to it. This is actually my worst nightmare and honestly, like I've been walking around for weeks thinking about how unusual and interesting it was that Tyler non-musician had a sort of almost photographic memory for pop song that he had not heard since he was in high school Susan's explanation for what was actually going on. It made a lot. Our sons sure but that still doesn't explain our guy in Trinidad and Tobago Piezo, man. Yes, that is what I thought. So, I actually I went back to the Stratocaster for my went back to that post. I noticed two things one peso Man actually did not post very many of the lyrics to the song. He had that opening Melody and they had like two lyrics written. So it was fully possible that Tyler had composited the song part of the song that he remembered with something else. Okay, but the other thing I noticed in the original post is that Piezo Man actually mentions posting questions about the song on Facebook. Hmm. And so I was like, oh I should try to find a Facebook. Because the whole time I've been searching for the song Tyler been searching for the song everybody been searching for the song. We've been searching lyrics on Google. Nobody looked on Facebook. So I start playing lyrics into Facebook and I get a hit a hit that leads me to the first person I've ever played the song for who actually recognizes it familiar. Yeah. Open for my better than the cherry on. Oh, wow. They do that all from memory. Yeah. Well man, I thought everyone forgot about that song. So this is Evan Scott Olson. The reason you remember the song is because he wrote the song fucking get out of here. So so when I did that Facebook search, I never found Piezo man, but I found this other post from a guy in the Philippines who posted the entire lyrics to the song like everything tile. Remember the verse is of course is actually a little bit more and this guy at the bottom of his post helpfully identified the singer. Do you want to know how Evan ended up writing a hip hop song that disappeared from the internet? Of course, I do so Evans from Greensboro North Carolina. He was 30 years old when he wrote the song and he says it basically just popped into his head songs like that. They kind of fall into your lap, you know are totally an organic experience. They just kind of grow and grow and I wanted something that was you know, really pop-oriented. Covid and I wanted to create something that had a really catchy beat this song That Just sprung from Evans head. He called it so much better. Uh-huh. And who were you listening to it the time like who are your influences musically at the time? I had been listening to a lot of you too and you can probably hear that about here that I can hear it in the car. Yes. So so that's probably where that came from and there is a band and I can't remember the name of the ban, but it was kind of like an industrial band that had really syncopated. Barbara Barbara Barbara and I just can't remember the name of the man but I was listening to a lot of stuff like that. And the verse is to me sounded like Barenaked Ladies. See I never thought about that and I really I never I never really got into them. So I was very surprised to learn that Evan actually made this song completely alone. No band like he played every instrument himself and when he was done, he just sent it to this company that could print CDs for you and when he would play shows locally who just give the CDs out for free. Okay. The thing that happened next is the part that just feels like like the embarrassing dream that every musician has that they don't tell anybody which is out of the blue. He gets a phone call from this guy who says hey, I work for Universal Music. Wow, the largest music label in the world. They send a Lincoln Town Car to his house. First of all, I live in Greensboro, North Carolina. It's like it's black a medium-sized town. It's not a big time, but they send this town car. That's really nice town car with his driver really cool guy and he just telling me stories and talking up a storm and and so I get to the I get to the plane and and I'm in first class and then it's just in I get off the plane and there's you know how people hold up signs with your name on them. You know, no one has ever done that for me. There's a guy with a sign with my name on it and he takes me to the hotel and and I get into this big huge sweet. And you know, how do you how do you absorb that kind of experience? I don't know Ivan says he kept thinking like the songs really quirky. Are they sure. It's going to be a hit but it didn't matter the whole thing was like a fever dream. He has a whisk into this meeting with Doug Morris legendary label. At the time the guy who ran Universal Music I walked in there and he says you like ice cream and I said, yeah, I love ice cream and he says something into this monitor on his desk and then this beautiful like 6 foot tall. I guess it was his secretary. I don't know but she comes out with this tray of ice cream that check this out ice cream like coconut like this amazing like Flavored ice cream that's like organic coconut flavored ice cream in martini glasses. And I and I eat I sit there and I eat ice cream with Doug Morris and there's a rapper called juvenile. Yeah, I don't even tell me he had a song called back that ass up. Yeah. I know Back That Ass Up. Okay. When I first time I was in Doug Morris is office. He played me that song. I thought wow, this is this this is makes my song look really stupid. It was just funny because you know Doug Morris at the time was probably in his 60s and he was really digging this song, you know and next thing. I know I was signing a record contract it all kind of happened so fast, it was really unbelievable. That's ridiculous. Yeah, but it's like as soon as he signs the contract things go downhill. They actually go down a hill in a way that really reminded me of everything Stephen from Barenaked Ladies. It said first they don't do it. You'd expect they don't record the album like in a real studio with a full band. They just released his T's they literally just took the thing he made and started sending it to radio stations. Okay, the label did officially put the record out but they basically buried it. There is no national tour. There's no real money for promotion. Evan says he actually remembers the moment where he realized what was happening. They have these drop dates where they put the record out and it's always on a Tuesday at least it was back then back then it was always on a Tuesday and the original drop date was September 9th or something like that. I can't remember exactly and the first the first Red flag was when they said. Oh, we're moving the drop date and I just knew that something was up. They were talking all about business and all about radio spins and all about, you know, I'm not getting enough radius pins in this place and I'm not getting enough in that place. And you know, is it going to sell over here? And then Evan we need you to call some people to see if you can get a spark going and they wanted you to miss Area radio stations and tell them they wanted me to call radio stations. They wanted me to call friends to see if I could get you know, and I ended up, you know. No, this is this is really crazy. But I ended up paying I sending a check to a friend of mine in New York and said I need you to go out and his name is Gary. I said Gary. I need you to go to that the big record store. What was it called records version virgin could inversion Virginia. I said go out, you know, here's a check. I want you to put in your account. I want you to go out and just by handfuls of the CD just every record store you can find it just by handfuls of see and he did. And but you know, I just wasn't enough to. To keep it going and did you at the time did you feel disappointed that it didn't turn into the bigger thing. I felt I felt bad because I felt like I had let them down because they were really expecting it to you know be a big hit song and I just felt kind of guilty because was it something that because I started to think that maybe just because I didn't record it in a real big Studio. I did it in my bedroom, you know, maybe if I had gone Then and done a huge big recording of it or at least gotten it remixed. You know, I don't know. I think it's weird that you feel like you disappointed them because what it sounds like is they were like, let's just try it. Yeah, like they're throwing spaghetti against the wall and see if it sticks but you're the spaghetti. Yeah, exactly. So after the label dropped him Evan just returned to his normal life in Greensboro. He says he went back to just playing local shows mostly covers. Hmm. He says he's happy. He says he's a professional musician. He gets to write songs for TV and movies and he says actually without so much better. He doesn't think he would have had the confidence to really pursue a career in music. So when can we get a copy of the song? Oh he emailed to me. Let me play for you. It's a jaw harp instead of a flute the drums are way heavier to that's all Evan. Don't worry, cuz I remembered this extraordinary. Yeah, I also played for Tyler. My heart is pounding like crazy. Wow, yeah, holy shit. Yeah. Wow, it's a great song and I played it for Christian the singer. Oh my God. Oh my God. How did he remember that? I'm gonna immediately when we're off the phone. Listen to the song on repeat. that's awesome yeah Evans got also if you want to see him live he plays every Wednesday night at Printworks Bistro in Greensboro North Carolina Tyler's playing go see in the spring and Tyler said he's going to personally add the lyrics to so much better to the internet where they belong Violet I stood by me PJ boat and Alex Goldman reduced by truthy Kim and Nene the abandoned. I'm Hannah marchetti and a bully Jessica Jung and Emmanuel joji. Our executive producer is Tim Howard. You can hear a Spotify playlist of the songs from this episode at reply all dot. Limo / better and my Intrepid co-host Alex Goldman has recorded his own version of the song which you can hear at the reply all that rocks if you make a version of the song, please Send it to us. We are mixed by Rick Kwan fact-checking by Michelle. Harris are in turn is Lisa Wang. Our theme music is by the mysterious brake master cylinder additional music in this episode from brake master cylinder Tim Howard and Maria raimondo special. Thanks to speak to our band. Christianly Hudson Max Whipple Logan hone and Jay Rudolph. Thanks everybody at Rolling Stone Christian hoard and green David Brown Hank steamer and Brian Hyatt and to Chris Wade sphero's metallic. He's Richard catch her way and Emily Joe Mason. Matt. Lieber is a small lemon tree. You can keep in your I meant thanks for listening. We'll see you in three weeks. Love and work are the two pillars of our life. The job has always been that place where I've been needed in. I feel important this show is not about the workplace. It is a show about the people who work in that place. It's hilarious RNA really is that the two people who run a Communications company we have both drastically terrible at communicating. How's work is out now listen for free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Yes.