Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that. Please enjoy my conversation with Natalie colegrove. So I'm here with Natalie colegrove on National euphonium player who's here to talk about her journey as a musician. So not lead you just want to start by introducing. What do you feel euphonium is for people don't know the euphonium is the instrument that I play. It is a low brass. Instrument and it's kind of uncommon commonly used in bands and or soloing and like mainly in military bands. That's where we find the jobs. Like it looks like a tuba but smaller. So did you start directly playing the euphonium or yeah, I like I started beginning band and I like chose the elective beginning of an because my dad did band all through high school and I was like, wow, that's pretty cool. So then I started at hide in the hide beginning band and we could choose our instrument and I chose the baritone because it was like really cute and kind of like fat looking and I'm like, wow, I like that and it made nice noises. So then I requested it and only two people could get it out of the 10 people who like wanted it and I was so lucky to get the baritone. It's like naming wise it's incorrect to hide because it's not a baritone, but they call it Barrett. And because that's easier to say than euphonium but actually baritone is a whole different instrument that I also plan. So you didn't have any like musical experience before that. Well, I mean, I went to a few concerts and I love music. I also played guitar for a little bit. Did you instantly feel like you were talented at it? Well, it's weird but I felt like I had a talent for it like already like I was a natural at it because well I was so excited to get the baritone like I hugged the thing home. It's like 30 freakin pounds for a 6th grader and I just started playing it was really gross. But like I thought it was beautiful. I'm so I loved practicing and so whenever we had like like playing tests that hide I would I would enjoy them because I wanted to show off. I just I love showing off, you know, I'll see you mentioned that your feel with colors or like you think about the about music and costumes. Synesthesia is synesthesia. So did that also affect how like you said you were naturally talented at it? Yeah, I guess that did because whenever I saw like a note on a staff I could see the color of that note. So like see would be blue and then whenever we had to do like a scale, I would instantly recognize the color and the note and then I could just like play it so there was that in some correlation. Yes instant. ation, I think that helped me it helps me in like Psy reading what was like the most like the first memory you have of like being really good at it or well it a lot of stuff happened the summer of my seventh grade select the summer after seventh grade before eighth grade because that's Well, I've been taking I took lessons for one year like I started lessons in the summer of sixth grade. So I've been taking lessons for a year and then mr. Ishimatsu actually gave me a scholarship to the San Jose State summer in the city like music camp. And so I was like Yay, I got a scholarship and so I went there and I auditioned for the band's because there's two bands and I was like this little eighth grader my audition night and I got in The highest band and they were like seniors in high schoolers. And so I sat next to this really really big senior dude, and we played hard music and I was so scared like I cried every day it was hard. But but like like the first day of camp, I got 10% of the notes, right, but then by the last day of camp our concert I was like, I was really good and we played like seven hours a day, but it was a huge learning experience for me. Why do you think you specifically got it? What do you just like life? Yeah, I think mr. Ishimatsu like saw something in me because I always I always pre-recorded all my like Playing tests on Smart music and like I always could play the music and I was passionate about it. I was always listening to music. I guess he just noticed. Okay and was this just out of your OneDrive or we're like do your parents like kind of push you to do it or would that other people or external influences, or was it mostly like your own internal like drive for it? I mean, I don't think like my parents don't make me do anything really. I just really wanted to like play and well the thing is they never like made me do anything when I was a child, like maybe I had one ballet class, but everyone else had like classes after school, but I didn't really have anything and then I found this thing and I'm just like, oh my God, I want this so I put everything into it, you know. Yes, I can definitely relate to this because I play chess and then my parents like if anything they like kind of Tried to make me like play last chance because I was like obsessed with it. But like yeah that really drove me to do it on my own because like I just loved it. So yeah, that's interesting. I think do you think that that's like really important like locking? Well, I know that to be really really good at something you have to enjoy it like you can't be forced into doing something that you don't like you can't ever be good at something that you don't like. Because it'll just kill you. I mean, I know it would kill me. I don't know about the lacking thing weeks ago. I was at the county on her band audition the Santa Clara County honor band and I met this one guy who was playing screamers during the warm-up and I'm like, what are you doing? Why are you doing that to your chops my before an audition and then he was like, oh my band director forced me to do this. I have to audition for everything and I'm just like, oh that's very sad. You should stop and he Take it. So you mentioned that like you cried everyday or lately really I was really pretty so we should have a talk about that. Like what was despite that like, how did you keep going? Because I was actually crying every day. I mean it was it was I was crying because one thing that stresses me out is if I can't do something that other people can do like this is kind of going off topic but in freshman year, mr. Wein Gartner told us like to do an exercise where we flutter tongue but like my tongue isn't really capable of doing that. So I thought it was less than everyone even though I've accomplished more than everyone so that frustrated me and I almost started crying in class, but that's why I cry, but then like by the end I wasn't crying because I could do it, you know, I mean Yeah, and so by the end I got so much better and I thought it was mainly what got me through. It was the guy who's sitting next to me. His name was Jack the senior kid. He really motivated me. Like he thought I was good for an 8th grader and he was a senior and I was like, oh, thanks and then I came back to that camp next year in eighth grade. And then I was first chair and it was kind of boring because everything was easy. And I'm like okay time to move on, you know, so you're always like kind of pursuing challenges that you think your that's above your like level of capability or at least slightly above your like. Yeah. Yeah, like I mean the National Honor Band and I'm like, oh what's above this? And then I was I was thinking of the international intervention, but that's not really a thing because you'd like you pay to play type of things so I don't want to do that, but there's like International so, Competitions like I'm going to do the Falcone International to will you phone you solo competition? Yes, so like looking back what are some other like big accomplishment or just memories that you have biggest accomplishment in terms of bands was Honor Band of America that I did last year in Indiana. I was second chair in my sophomore year. And it was like people from all over the United States come into one room and practice together and it was so cool. And the music was so good. We got a standing ovation after every piece which was really cool. Yes. Then also probably my biggest accomplishment so far was the solo concert that I did recently and I played the second movement of the Karl Jenkins concerto, which is really really scary for me because it's relevant. It's in front of like I'm sitting I'm standing in front of an orchestra there the California youth Symphony senior Orchestra, which like I look up to so much even though I'm in it, but and I had to memorize like a 4-minute piece, but then I see these kids they memorize like 20-minute concertos and I'm like, how do you do that? I can't even memorize my own piece. So I was so scared the entire time, but it was beautiful. I got so much Fame. I even got a pineapple like after just got handed a pineapple. I'm like, yes, thank you. I don't want flowers. I want pineapples and she said that that must be was that your first like solo concert. Yeah, I guess it was the biggest one so far. I've done like I've done one with the Cupertino High School band and I did some with the at the international euphonium to buffer Festival just like with You know, so like what stands out from the like being the first solo concert? Well, it was pretty intimidating because all the other like winners of the competition were piano players or like violinist or chalice and those are really common solo instruments and I'm like not even common at all like euphoniums are not in Orchestra and euphonium players aren't like female. At all or low brass don't even do concerto that often. So it was really cool that I got to do this and it's all because of mr. Eiler the director. They're very thankful for him. Well, the hardest part was memorizing because I had an entire year to practice it. Well, I didn't really practice it. Well I kind of did for like I still couldn't memorize how does How exactly does it work. Do you guys like perform? Do you guys travel around the state and perform or and then obviously for the national one is it like you just give one concert or how does it work? Exactly? Well, I could tell you about a few of them. So the county on our band is that you audition in December and then you have three days of rehearsal in January and then you perform on the last day and And so then the Allstate honor band is all the people who made it like you send in a recording and then all the people who made it they travel to Fresno in February and then we practice for like three or four days and then play on the last day. That's the concert and the National Honor Band is you send them a recording and you fly to wherever like either fly to Florida or Indiana and then you practice for three days and then you Play the concert on the last day, but I'm also in the California youth Symphony and the senior Orchestra and I play bass trombone. And so that's kind of different because you audition for it like an in April or something. And then you have a rehearsal every Sunday and we play concerts like every few months and we're actually going on tour this summer to Argentina South America. Yeah, so these concerts are Are they open to like the general public? Okay, so it's mostly is it mostly like other musicians or is it mostly like just normal people who just buy tickets? I think it's a lot of it is like parents of the musicians, but at the national level you have like band directors coming from all over the world just to watch these students and like like choose them for your school or something for like the college. Okay. Yeah. So how many people are like in the National one? How many people watched show in the audience? Well, it was a full house. I mean like probably mm. So like what are you ever was there ever like a time when you were like nervous or just really like stressed about one of them or well, yeah, I am nervous. But like only if I'm soloing if I'm Not sewing I feel like comfortable and it's Challenges challenges. Oh stress yes stress comes in December because that's when all the winter concerts are and you have like a concert week. That's crazy from what we've talked about. It seems like you've just had like success after success or just like yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so just so people don't feel too bad about themselves after the same thing. Well, one of the failures that like hurt really really bad was or it was really hard to overcome it. It was learning a new instrument. I had to learn bass trombone because I wanted to play in the orchestra but euphoniums aren't like in the orchestra and then I was practicing and practicing and I auditioned and I made it and I was like so happy, but all the other guys in the in the low brass section. They were like, who's this person? She's only been playing for a year like And they kind of made fun of me and put me down and especially since I'm not like a typical trombone player. I'm a euphonium player and trombone players are like intimidating and kind of weird and very loud, but I'm not intimidating really and so like it was a lot of them telling me that I'm doing stuff wrong and me going home and practicing really really hard and then coming back and then I'm improving but then they don't see that and they keep reminding me that I'm bad. And that took a long time. To like get over but I finally gotten their approval kind of well, I'm not really looking for their approval. You know, I'm looking to improve myself and play the best I can but now I think I do pretty good. You know, I guess what? Yeah, but it's still pretty hard like a new instrument and I've only been three year. Yeah. No, that was last year this summer this summer and what motivated you to like take that stuff to pick up a new instrument and like because I love music and like band music can only go so far because classical like orchestra music is starts like hundreds and hundreds of years ago, but van music only started like a few hundred years ago, you know, and so there's more repertoire for orchestra. And I also wanted like a safety as a musician because I have to be able to play different instruments to survive in this world. And also like I'm always listening to music like when I drove to school today or when I drive anywhere, I'm always listening to music on the radio. So I'm like I want to play that. Oh, no, I can't play Trombone. Oh wait now I can. Well, I kind of put school as a second priority, you know, like junior is usually really really hard for people. They're taking AP classes, but I'm only taking one AP and they chose like easier classes as I can handle. Like I only need like 30 minutes a night for stuff so I can focus more on euphonium and trombone and like I usually practice two to three hours a night if I don't have a lesson or if I don't have a rehearsal so I split it up like Tron. And euphonium like one is warm up one is playing and rehearsal lies. I mean there was a point in my life where I had a rehearsal every single day and like I Only Could practice on Mondays. I had to practice like five hours on Monday. It was really hard but you don't that's what life is like as a musician. It's just like grind, you know, it's still like bouncing everywhere. Everything still seems like pretty difficult. Did you have to like make any adjustments talk to her because they're obviously probably is going to be some Clash or between bound and ultrasound times. So how do you like manage that hmm? Well band and Orchestra will like my Orchestra doesn't really conflict because it only happens when weekends and band usually happens like school days or after school. I also quit marching band to have more time. Yeah, that's a big part. I forgot that but I honestly think that I do need to practice more but I also have a lot of time. No, I don't have a lot of time. No, I can't say that. No, but I don't have any like conflicts. Well, I do like I say I was thinking like because I'm Gonna Fly. To Indiana in like March, but then I have a concert on the day that I'm flying out. And so I'm just like what is going to happen. So I get like subs for that concert, which is really sad because I want to play it and then this even happened last year, but the day that I come back from Indiana. Like I have an overnight flight like that day. I have another concert. So I have to fly like I have to finish a concert fly over night and then play a concert. That's just like that's how it is. But I think my schedule is pretty fine. I mean I'm surviving. I don't really sleep that much but I'm surviving and I think I want to take choir next year just for overall music like education some other challenges that you mentioned before where like like getting funding because like It's what do the instruments cause the detail my euphonium my euphonium is like professional Quality quality. It it costs around $8,000 and I need to pay that off. It's like my debt to my parents and I bought my trombone. It was around $3,000. But I raised money through my Instagram account and finally got to pay for it. I'm very happy but like the honor bands and the flights there it cost like thousands of dollars and I just have to save up money so I can be able to go there. You know. These are like does the band in fundraising or anything of that kind or do any of the air just like in general for four band members? Well, I heard that like at other schools my And have their band like help pay for the registration, but I don't think our school does that I mean I should ask them. Hmm. So so obviously you matching the Instagram page and that's really interesting because you you managed to get like 30,000 followers and thirty three thousand followers. So, how did how did you like get interest in making that and like, how how do you keep that up? And what do you think made it so popular? Well, I'm a little brass player and of course little brass players love memes and are memes basically so in my freshman year, I just I start like I loved band memes especially and so then I would like pick out the funniest ones and post them like because I thought that was cool and then I gained some followers and I'm like, oh I have funny stuff happening in my life. What about what if I made my own memes, you know, So that that kept going for like a year or whatever and there are a lot of tactics like in building your Instagram page and like promoting yourself and then like a year into that. I lesson that I started my apparel business if he's life apparel. Yeah, and I like I use Teespring.com and I hired a designer. I hired multiple designers. And I made them do what I wanted them to do and then I put it on the t-shirt and then I sold them and I've like been able to fundraise myself. So that t-shirts are they like related to ban? Yeah, they have like instruments and then there's music in it and you sell them like on certain like an e-commerce kind of business. Yeah. It's all online and then they ship it out from their place. Yeah, yeah because like I memes and then I'm just like by this to please that's interesting. So how much if you're if you want to talk about it. Like how do you were you able to fund a lot of flip your instruments and stuff like that through the page like I mean, if you if you look at my like overall amount of money that I made it's like comes around to $9,000 but taxes I'm like damn taxes, you know, and I also I spent like I don't know three thousand dollars on, you know, Tob the tournament of the Bands. I had a stand there and I bought like whole bunch of sweatshirts. I bought like the tenth and the the section and a banner. That was a lot of money. Yeah. Not not really. I kind of ordered too many but it's a learning experience. Yeah. Yeah for sure cool. But yeah 9000 still is that like profit? Oh, so it's 9,000 - like the 3000 I guess - 3000 and - mm because of my instrument that I bought and then - a lot because I spend money in general and also like the The cost of registering for the honor bands in the plane tickets. It's a lot of money. Yeah, and this is like separate but I'm just also curious like to talk a little bit about how you like even got that many followers. Like what kind of social media Trixie? Yes, I guess. Oh, yes. I can. I know a lot about this. So you have to have like a really good-looking page like it has to look nice to the eyes and then I think it's kind of comedic. My my bio is like follow me or I'll steal your valuable because I said it really bad but looks funnier because of the font. But um, yeah just has to look good and then you have to have like engaging questions in the captions. And then you have to have hashtags is very important. And then you do shout outs with other big band accounts. I do a lot of giveaways. That's how I get a lot of attention. A community of band accounts. We just all work together. Oh, yes, you fees life you Phi e es L Ife at UPS life. Yeah, of course your future plans for like music and your instrument like that and dumb stuff like that. So how do you see music like fitting into your well? I'd really like it. I really like it to be like my career my future because I love it so much and I think I could I would really enjoy it as a job. So Like my dream school is a University of North Texas because that's where David child's teachers and he's like crazy good soloist. So that's why I want to go but it's pretty competitive for euphonium. And then after that, I hope to go like study abroad in the Royal Northern College of Music if I don't get a job by then because like you have to wait for an opening in the military band and then you audition and they're like 700 people auditioning for that one spot so it takes a while and you have to get really really good. But like I want to be in one of the top military bands in the Washington Washington DC because they actually pay musicians. That's pretty cool. So military bands what exactly are they the military bands are like they have one in every Branch. Well, they have like a whole bunch of them. They have service bands and like they Have even one in California, but the top ones in Washington DC like the the president's own Marine band. That's the top of the top. It's like the job that everyone wants basically out if they're not doing Orchestra. So like I think it's four years. Well, you have to audition for it when a spot opened and then you play there for four years and you could like re-register and stuff, but you have to audition for a spot. And then you go through 10 months of basic training or 10 weeks. I don't even know of basic training and then then you get to play with them you go to music school and you play with them usually people go to college before they get a job you have any like closing thoughts or anything that we should talk about before we wrap up just practice in general of anything is very important and finding what you're passionate about and like putting everything into that. Is very important for happiness and life and making money. I mean would you say that despite like you mentioned you don't sleep a lot of our you might like have to sacrifice other a lot of other stuff probably like not as like not get to hang out with friends as much as you want and stuff like that. Do you think that overall like your happiness is boosted because of like band and like all the hours you put in to me. Yes. Well, that's kind of special for me because I enjoy practicing And I know some people like enjoy doing homework or whatever, but I enjoy practicing a lot. And so I think it makes up for that. And being able to have friends because I practiced so much and I get into these places where I can make friends and that was a really interesting conversation and hopefully yeah, I can hear more of your music. Yes. Thank you. Thank you for listening to the prospector podcast. Stay tuned for the next episode for the pick between two Tino student activists on the issue of Housing and vehicle. If you enjoyed this episode, please subscribe to be notified. When we release new episodes. You can also share the podcast tell a friend and rate interview us to support us check out our website CHS prospector.com and follow us on Instagram at CHS prospector. Thank you for listening once again.