Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car.of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting wasn't so it work to hear my conversation that was recorded it. And a location somewhere in the suburbs of the no means a Glasgow. So who you hear my voice and then you hear the voice of the phenomenal Scott Reed with Scott series 21 and a secret location staying in school. Why actin? Hey cuz I was I don't know what I was young and my mom and dad sent me a like it was a you see it in place they were so into that also speaking for all at the same time, you know in a Saturday morning and then I was doing that for years and years. Can I ask them like sex up to like 12 15 and then I started kind of plane obviously playing sort of the modern Club football because my dad was working so I never did it go. I tell us a bit I saved you to high school and then I had some tiles professionally and not getting really worked with professional clubs. So I was like my dad was like you're doing too much and you IR play football go for that hundred percent, right or if you want to do acting as a bit. I just been like goodbye. I just filled the preseason trials at Queen's Park. So I've been invited to - and you cannot say to me you're as good as what we've got. So my dad said what you want to do it, you know, you need to focus on one of them. So they now just recite. Well, what do you think? You've got more chance of succeeding that and then I thought well I can go to drama school. But if they mum 17 album wheel and I was doing it quite regularly and doing shows and performances with these and stuff like that piece you feel so let's stop talking and just kind of watch out for the hot plate for the best. Also. I always thought actors had a better lifestyle I can isn't it boss. That's true. I mean, there's a weight when you work in a grown-up. It's hard to take him. Seriously. Was there anyone that you work in a spiral a or held in higher esteem? So we have proposed map. One of my first memories of boneless Willis is a vehicle my uncle bought me the videotape of a Austin Powers. All right, Spy Who shagged me right? Uh-huh, and I just I love it because from the he was I didn't know this at the time looking back and reflecting on it. You'll sit please music. Characters within that aren't going to different voices and I was chatting and imaginative when I was growing up. I used to kill stories makeup sharing my sister Burmese to dive like this pain and instead create characters and basically make a break up. My she would just like keep asking me to keep doing it. All right, so don't know it's just I don't know. I can't really remember with Ernest. What was the question? What was that you did you recall our activate? That's so obviously I would make After some day that I would never like to admit that I looked up to all right, but I think that it's just obvious. I thought I don't know. It's weird that I never really had like an acting like one. Hi, but I always just had like the way things are made you feel so like my favorite. One of my favorite songs is Monsters Inc. Because it makes you laugh makes you cry engages you your teachers your back on me. You know, it's an election. These are big stupid things too. It's not like your traditional that I love, you know, Al Pacino and there's always a bit something. How do we something made you feel I really love this one. So it was a kind of Showmanship. I like guys like The Rock The Undertaker of the the kind of spectacle of things like and I really really like and then as I got older you can have a more objective understanding of what it is you like. Hey guys, like maybe not so much. No, but David Tennant either just before I went in my drama school edition. See that played Hamlet and do this for the other scene and not really kind of stood out, you know guys in transporting Ewan McGregor, you know, you kind of look at these guys and you think well, they're like your Scottish they are like me and obviously as you get much older you kind of just buying a bike does goes a lot better than that, but it was always going to more Had to be tangible for me. So it was an act out that piece guy called Alan or he was like 10 years old you think about 32 if it's you know, and when I was about 12 or 13, I was in a show which we performed at the ACCC front of like 10,000 kids who are in need, but they did it was like a thing called choices for life. And if we do like three days at the PCC and energy to feed it to it is often either brother Halen saying they're not now. Dunedin court and it was like there was a live bands playing and then like we peace with do - they did it - sure and I was remember it was like watching an island do here this one particular moment where they would like show you shut your mouths and theory and then for me that was like that feeling of oh my God, that's as drama. It's like performance. I wanna be doing what he's doing. So how do I get to do that? And then within about two or three years after that I was bathing in part in that show. Handbag information people and so it wasn't it was always something that was I was probably a keys and if you do you don't like a young person Caesar show that inspired by this show that the seed not by the thing with you. It was like a realistic and achievable Target because obviously I mean you're a guy not the only one in born with silver spoon in your mouth for any way that Do you feel it because of that to pointed question first of all as hard that if the through but secondly the training that you get through the theater is so important. Yeah, I think anybody who does anybody who posted on the school, they regardless of your not in every day, but class cannot you kind of have to pretend and you kind of have to not really be yourself because when I was a drama school, I was what Steve Jobs and Satan job to job to talk to you and I'm there but like really really wonderful people who invaded we were privileged and that's not a criticism that it's just a fact, you know, they they don't have to work. They don't have to go if you could understand, you know, Adam Meister what I should like the other half of the year, but be performance something and I wouldn't go and see that show. Well, it wasn't because I didn't want to ruin see the show is because I'm just going to have to come on TJ friendly so I can either side and they didn't really understand that but breaking through I think I think this is a really hard line. Nobody ever really says that I think some people just never be true because they're not the I don't work hard enough or the counts not the and access I think if you compare it to something like football will very often to see that persons not good enough to yeah sales take that person's not good enough to make any other Sport and set up with enacting we came. When people go through each other slowly coming to the past five years people don't just see them. You're not good enough. Yeah, so everybody feels entitled a support supposed to yeah. They've had Dusty of change. Yeah, and actually once you do you're young I think when she do your drama school team that she just said that they can in the know an actor yet. You're not a professional. I'm a trained eye and a professional actress something like I think it's like being a doctor. You don't really I'm just Puttin stuff. Like 7 or 8 years since I finished drama school and I would say I'm just at a point where like kinda know what the fuck I'm doing, but I'm confident enough to argue for something and you came to getting yourself bill because you're doing more reactive. Yeah, I mean, obviously ' drama schools, so 1717 My mom's family, but I never really met anybody here for people from America from New Zealand and all of a sudden like the guy I got on one of the guys are going base, but the drama school with double my age and Stage before and I'm trying to get each other to life and I'm actually a fucking teenager. It's basically just wants to go and party and have a good time and experience life. But I see these guys are like some of them had experienced a listener than you and it also like dealing with class. I can have got any out but some run-ins with people because I but I didn't really understand what the game was been playing the game. Yeah, but I was doing it naturally because I understand to be an acting kinda had to be like A car salesman and I got that very very early on and it working you had to have the gift of the gab. You're the product in chat. Yeah, that's you have to be able to push yourself in a room where nobody else feels confident enough to do that. Yeah, and that's the thing that I think. I cannot understate are loyal and understated. It was a business and it wasn't like maybe not so much with an artificial things being some role of it of being awkward to the best friends with everybody. I'm Barry Allen very high chance to be myself. my student No, I mean, I think I need you know, it's like you do yourself young man, you know. I'm sure you go out of talents, you know that kind of thing, but what you're talking about right here. It took me a long time to realize when I was growing up that there are people who they are far better education's and far. They are schooling most codes and all that kind of thing. You see we have grass that quite quickly and the sense of the act and He just doesn't know about your talent. I said have you promote yourself and by that, I don't mean sale promotion on social media or reality shows I mean and being able to see the right things to the right people at the right time. It's that hard though in Scotland with can let me eat who of jobs. I think anything's going to get like two communities. They've got this really like and we don't really have that problem of that point Taylor. But yeah, right and actually the theater industry is like an industry in its own. It's not it's not like a little sister or a cousin of what happens during so if it's it's it's kind of looks after itself of garden. Critics, we've got to see if you know performances and kind of like it cannot teach get it at the open but I said and like TV, you know, but electrologist are we just did we just did they do we get the dog what to do and you know, they'll show you jump Ojai and there's no money anywhere and even in the phones that we don't have a film studio yet. Yeah, you know what they've done that outline. That is fantastic. That's you do that if I want to combine. All right. but There's no it's not a huge deal opportunity. Every time I come to Glasgow out who pass that. Yeah. I wonder how many people are actually even aware that I exist. You know, I mean because it's a pretty impressive both in and so on you're not and it's again, it's guess like any part of the industry as a opportunity, obviously. You don't have to knees with of increased when it came to the National scope method omec tell us about how you actually got that part and well, how did you know I was looking pretty regularly. Unfortunately that's been about advocacy for me where I made up every year because I was walking and good the good feel so good at crafting videos here. And you know, I'm feeling pickled acquire which in the actor Paul Hawkins intense activity stuff like that and Becky boss. He had wrote this musical about sit and watch your say about this community choir and Recently like energy industry. They came close partner Joe Wilson and more. Yeah. She's on the show heavily involved in should have got a lot of shoes and so they came and saw the show just by chance and Craig takes me know maybe like four months later after see visual scene. You know what thinking about bringing still came back and we've got this part. Would you want to come and read it and it created and obviously I was like, You know cause you're like, why would he say that obviously, you know better quality you think it should be opportunity but also it's like white wine me, you know, I wasn't like I wasn't one of these people who like had all the boxes and religiously watch them. I remember it being on my granny social groups are played in eight and watch that, you know what to do than 7 and that have been what they are doing exactly. Therefore it's not one of your steeple your life week as for people with an older generation. No, but it was it was very much. Like, you know, I remember that we know what I mean, but unify and remembering my granny's nice in here in Cana say that a member of money and it's something that I think so, you know how important it is and culturally but I never really thought at that point my opinion services like food. Greg s office with nowhere near where there is. No, I totally didn't like you know that we actually thought they were two guys should let this thing and actually when you see what they do and you know, you meet them and hope great them inside here. We like we don't do enough to break them off. Actually. We don't as probably Scottish people who like be doing actually celebrate real town. Yeah, you know because we lost one game, but actually it's more than that. It's not just these characters. It's like Like these kids creative me. I mean, I think that in a teacup and English example, we have so-called making Fools and Horses and said that when it was really funny and all that great when it became a National Treasure those win. It made people laugh and cry. Yeah, and that's what still game four than Greg achieved yet. They thought yeah, exactly and it does skinny suppose. It does the staggers me that you don't need the woods the other stuff and people wanna fall over themselves the both of them stuff You know here so we've done that. We'll we'll give somebody else an opportunity know you're gonna go neighbor. What do you guys want to do is you have to pair with wonder, you know that but it's odd that thing you see like even you know, it's sad it's sad to see like, you know, the new BBC Scotland channels pompously really struggling and they ruin numbers available and people aren't watching it and any other label, you know, they've made any effort they've been through it and I could sense. Yeah the content and making stock it's not so so it's like why why people watch any Film Festival because people are going to lose our jobs and it's going to ever been to the economy in I mean, especially I think and I'm just guessing here but the competition unification is astronomical the Pacers have I'll beat ya you can't on Lon, you know, Amazon Prime and watch out but you know, and I'm sure you can watch you know, a million documentaries or Netflix or that if you're not going to come close to that on a new channel meet this great watch it, but then Might have the channel is that's the thing is it's like why you know, I believe at that point like I mean, we've been a really, you know, I stopped believing he watched like Sky Atlantic City's new stuff even-even boutonniere that new to a moment because you've just got so much material if we just watched a porn limited CDs and documented on the reflection over there like the space of two weeks. Yeah, you know and the main board, you know, they had the idea is you have a set like the watch that thing away. that the before Universe month up by his family and Whatever I didn't get no never understood but the next filter going to ask you and I know you're gonna say no I didn't it but wait see the snow because I know everybody's really sure how do you get to the point of you get the part from still game and establish or re-establish characters? And then basically you tear it up you become the iconic character in the show, but for that just that season, I would say it has any I don't know like It's had ceased to do before going to be really busy. But you don't live like that the investors this guy he gave me an opportunity and I put my spin on it, but very much like we worked on things together like the laughs. That was probably the only thing that I really thought did it the T really like the way it was very unclear and it wasn't strapped to that. Noah at first that was never really there you go and then obviously then the next season and in the next season in the live shows You didn't have to I gave them not going to use you know that I'm oh but you know, I am so bad. Thank decently. Yeah, I mean it's obviously nice for me. You just want to be good in this room. So that's your problem. You know your attacker. If you want people to think you're good people and you want people to find you funny, but I never really had any of us can say I'm like, People were going in with some back to the bag issues. Don't personally believe right now for me. I was just always like when Spalding Gray get off of me. They should do the job. I think one in action and I gotta pull the car weekly information seen or you can addition on Monday for Metro Mac that's going to be seen me the exact positioning the director, but I thought I've been in Grace love and I'm reading a script get off at the park. So you felt like you could always lose that. Yeah, and I think that's for me we went in and we did this thing. The beat three I was gonna go but you basically the absorber three days. So the first thing we have to go into the same day team formed from the five and six and I've been in the first day and I can't lie. I wasn't an episode one that I cut lines in absolute to the end of the day that the director. Can I give you some more tips take still try to find avoid don't try to think what it was and I went another nice to know that something like completely definitely makes don't like No, it wasn't it was nice law. It was kind of like high-pitched. It was kind of like really War pitch but like like he was on smack or like, you know cooking or something like really really fast and and falling very good with the same. You're like what the hell you do have a say just the director who told me to do it and in for about an hour and a half after to you I was I'm just think that's funny. I'm just gonna sack, you know, it's I'm not doing it right and let you know. I need help say Michael painting for me restate lesson. I'm going to give you a bum steer screw back to do what you're doing. We're back in the 1800s. Everybody's Free. Everybody's judging you because you know all the cast they're like what the fuck is this guy doing because they stood up and you exchange it didn't so, you know that we have been with something's bad. It's very hard to hate it and I can spy that I can spy that I can but I think that that fear of losing the job. That is that's always always with me like I always People also think that is a very common thing that in this industry, there's a lot of insecurity and there's also like we've talked about before or fear that people will assume that you already stole game idiot source, and suddenly your ammonia recognition addressed there and your jobs as fight. I'm not smooth the case at all. You know, I mean, but remember like I think the first time you appeared on screen so game was a cheeky a tie-dye and your left or no and I don't like Donald back have something to show you know, what I was interested in. Was it the comparison the character definitely grew from that first T and T and obviously we can get teeth which are nozzle only contention probably be used to help but it was interesting how that A character quickly became a staple short. Yeah, especially when for somebody my age who's watched these seen characters all the time. Then that becomes another one. Does that come with an acceptance from the other cast members as well or they just skinny then what the Enemy No, it's really up. Like the thing is that I mean you never It was weird because you know, I absolutely had to work for Dan Craig daughter. I think the problem is people and I love them about but they meant eventually when you know, it works are very very different people could win the freedom of together own safety, you know everything and actually like defeated the such strong personalities been really really richly, you know help each other out, you know, basically like a force that's something the others cannot do they work in an assembly table using another tactic. Get them always get the good kind of always get what they want and that end result. So I think for me it was always just like they want to diminish they want something in the shawl. It's hard, you know, nor do we say it's kind of like more deal is that I see ya know because especially when Eric has character, you know, he got killed off in this war but I was just because you know, the guy who played it was just an old man with this, you know, you know, it's a lot but how many fly to travel for it for me? But you know Jerry my God For me or Mark Jeremy Martin, I'm basically like every CDs there was always a thing like, you know, you may not be bad for your storyline may not be as rich and of course, I would never come on and criticize anything anybody on still be a Marine in the guys because it's been their life. Yeah, and for me it was Miriam. It was a job for me and special job, but for the time I was doing the cost when I did the first season. As I was filming that I picked Lena jewelry. Yeah. I'm but I'm already knew that I'll be seen through for the national. I was doing the Curious incident dominating doing that too. So I really had that big then that's a very amazed it like video reauthorization for an actor in the orbit of Doom told them the following 16. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And that was in the junior 8 June of 2006 17 and knew I'd walk up to 2017. He's eliciting mother for years, but then when he came back to China Need to come in for season eight. They had to walk around me because I was filming it. I was doing the plane a beginning blast. So the six weeks left the home and they had to limit what I was in in these clips to make it back to something you keep in the script, but I don't you be talking about all along you think so and that's really what tools that mean. You can always, you know, maybe that's true. Yeah, at least you know something to say that to me you've had a few special I've gotten me off, but you know, you feel like if I was available Another end at that point maybe would have been more dead somewhere towards putting that was definitely the case for the famous series. I was always filming something else. So Because I was waiting waiting for corporate jobs to come from and basically nothing neither than confirms. Our friendship is happening both trying to be you know, the system that produces point of view like and contracts and nothing was getting secure and then we hoisted on chemo for service like they will as long as I can do whatever sort of whatever the final season I'd be happy with that. And that's you know important to see this is actually important League. They've completely supported me in everything. They know that you know, the beginning of my journey and of India become feeling that you know, that was commentating. So they've got the one like, you know, I'm really only speak to the two of them regularly talking about choice. You know, what's the best plan for me to take? What job should I be thinking about you? And you know, I've basically got like to really really good friends but mentors as well and that's sad. I don't know. I mean, I hope you didn't mind me saying but you said to me before for the space. There was a bit like a sort of get feeling use phoning you up and see who you are and all that gonna be silly face that I may like what you did what you up to and then when you know when you say when I do it she forward for like a couple weeks a couple of months and then we see each other. I just it's like it's that you don't you'll never you'll never know when we're doing the Hydra short, but that mission like just watching a beast in order to them with a table saw. So especially for the body which is due to the fact not doing the ACT. It's just about you know, Hazel show up in some people want to be you tell people it will yeah. I played the characters will and and then they went up to heaven and some of them went to jail and in I was in their head they can personification can use this to make a good method will make mistakes with the characters of the Craig line residents solidification of Jesus and Caribbean Bar Harbor a character from Junior partner solidification or of God, and so I was not supposed to see but at the same time That must have you felt like I kind of got the best technology bottles almost entirely sure but a long period of time for Berlin like 5-10 minutes, I won't comment drop Almanac exactly. That's exactly what you did and they talk to Bolin Junior City before that. The part you played in that to me if it's look remained in me of Daniel Meade's in the Red Riding Trilogy without any framed for a I told you stuff that's going on. I mean say the unit key root beer was how do you get to that place? You've got different accent? You're playing somebody we are let me eat cream the category. How do you get to that place? Let's check. It's like pasta but like I'm not really one of these reactors I get that done for sis. I've been sharing one of these actors who has to create a bike story or has to create like know what happened before knows what happens in between the scenes has it for me? It's all about what's in the strep. So the the ability through the point I would be having conversations going rate will ever stood for Five and six hadn't been written yet. Billy didn't know which way it's gonna go right? I didn't know what it was born. They act as I was walking with the other move it was going so I couldn't, you know, I don't know that because they don't they are not going here. So you had been playing the scenes we have any kind of lifestyle of you see I'm going to either I'm going to either flee the scene as I can go in and worked on it not guilty. You have no idea what you're talking about and you can have to do that yourself and You know try you things but also I was getting like, you know, my mom and dad to just start to force but in the latter thing coming for stop being so they talked a lot about that kind of effort tail between legs. Either one to really doesn't experience that we all love really what you're looking at that side. They need attachment issues in the kind of struggle to really have more what I make in a normal upbringing with that you like which is that ability to Loving relationships shock kind of just put that in the Clayton somebody who had never experienced that and maybe that social neglect left them alone and very, you know, just disconnected there's jointed. So it makes it quite easy like things that you would do like maybe not necessarily lesson today actor as much doing, you know, so no focus on certain like this is a you know what I was doing and it seems that focus on handcuffs you just thinking about where am I like wind in your sails? Thought because you know, if you don't put yourself into that feeling I don't know what to the character. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know what I'm doing. Why am I attached to this table? My mind is that was scorched or blue just energetic and you think that is talking about hey Charlie. Be careful. I swear it's like it's one of those one of those things that makes gear because I tell me is the other thing it reminded me of and I'm not even sure we're gonna take - but and making a mantra. Yeah and the guy James very dusty that whole thing. Why am I here? I'm not really sure what's going on. And can I get him to watch the rest on TV? Okay any idea the enormity of it just it just came out me and my dad I think the time in taxis. Can make and dumb voice that was very much like a conversation. But I think that was something that they were interested in but also obvious like I didn't want to just do like I reckon I call people that were so innocent that yeah because you know, we still don't necessarily know the truth of yeah vending that is so we don't really necessarily know the tool ins and outs, but as we were very cool after six weeks of watching a program you can kind of find out what happened to that character. I'm a performer. I know this this You know, there's still things in that that might not be everything might not be as you know, I'm seeing I mean you don't it might not definitely how the manipulated having that interview that was wrong, but he might know something about what happened to that girl. So it's something you don't know you mentioned those Farm which I was an enormous fan off, but partly because it's a true story. Yeah and partly because like herself great actors in it. I don't wonder what it's like to then move on a label where you'll want to be guys Hollywood actors don't like movies and all right Steven crayons markers record thing. Can you get opportunities? They can pick things up for them. I mean that's that's all you do just sent me. I mean the fact again and can upgrade myself for being a pain in the ass. I've got loads a energy my job here is like, you know Fortin and I'm basically like my job is that you're supporting young detective you're supporting your Superior all the other day the venue already know that people don't really support what he's going through. So for me see I told you do is you just pack up marketing all the time you're there to thank you that you know, and I was really lucky that Mark idea is that GM of alcohol and was interested in building a connection with me and being a found one of the probe after and spending time together because some actors aren't like that. Yeah, but we have been shopping for and downs. Which view you can see that what really fascinated me about your character was the fact that he may begin with the exact kind of peripheral character. And you assumed well. I assumed from the first episode of Steven Williams character was going to be the main do it but just ever so slightly your character starts to grow through each episode. And therefore your connect personality comes in here as the character, but it's Mattoon scenery take a character. No, very subtle character, but it's also someone who should enough to actually step back and go because I think people need to understand this is the eighties of police forces are different and they talked about it and stuff like we talked about, you know, how beastly how systemic it was actually the it gets to the top. Yeah. It was I was like it when my granddad was a piston what I feel and sexy seventies and eighties and you know, you kind of that's what I've been telling my dad. I was told that they you know, I actually know that it's it's basically like the police forces just that the glider and if you play the game that you were having to get up that ladder and actually what the character and New Leaf obviously he's an amalgamation of a few left. Yes mcwatt. It was very much like the way that it was written is that he was putting his Kitty. Okay, knowing the line as we all such a young age you all to support this guy who's seen as they can and Maverick asshole. He's not just going to fall. A nanny and Elaine you get the pasta to the mujahideen station? Yeah, because I think it's one of the things we are everybody our students or our have indeed our we get the right thing but in that climate and then entities we are as we find do it was institutional racism that was all sorts of corruption as people got easier with the bottom 99 have and you've got our top man played by Stephen Graham basically seeing some of those suicide and that's fucking right. We're not interested in. It takes bulbs today in stand up into the tide and go. No, I'm not fucking accepting but they think they even when he went up, you know event above Steven Williams character made and he actually gave him all the evidence. You just said Cody. Are you go above your idea of so, I don't care what it is. That's not how we play this game your and I think that that's you know, there's the thing about we are useful and I say it's obviously this is the program is obviously just like a dramatic A valuation of the facts and Parker CPA. I was obviously used like that basically like they were just looking at you don't that was the story that they want you to tell when obviously said a dramatization of what happened that night for me. It was just you know. My music so I was like, what was that? What was that? I was just like, you know, like, you know. But when it became didn't pull carbon and you seem like an accordion people, you know, you still look how young I realized and I was really interested in trying to even this much of that. Like these people are not just one thing you never want just like and I tell you also like, you know, you were a football find, you know door born on a music lover. You know, it's there's always something else to other people and I think good actors. Are they always you've always got like done in the hand. And another thing that always means about me something because it's makes them because I mean one of the things I've seen recently was Al Pacino was talking about the Irishman and you see the thing is really working a bit. We both love you more than anything was that he brought something into the dialogue or a co-op or something like that. The needle would be still open doorway. I mean it's evil to do this every time he would just go where it's that the indicator best actors to work through the ones We'll just meeting character no matter what you do. I mean like it seems I have a lot of teammates are capable enough just to go over the floor in because something's in your on like Mortal body and I can get together. It's very like that. Let's not get me wrong with these on years of experience talking. I felt what they do and they say off and they kind deposit covered by two or three camera angles. They've got all the time in the world if they want to do that scene. In they want to spend any study on that scene. Nobody's arguing with them if I'm a nurse in the work to other people and we've bought you know, you're doing 1970. You can really fuck about because you just don't have the time because if the money's not yet. So good actors are the ones who can give you a copper good teaching in the last couple months throw in something. So for instance White House Farm the lord of the Harvest up. Yeah. That's also a problem. That was all improvised. That was brilliant Steven. I emphasize that when we were sending the back table to customs as usual don't you stay here are the year with me up exemplifies and in the next inning with then later on that like before me he was in the room in the directors, like nothing like nothing or going to put up a picture of one of this, you know, lorillard in a newspaper. I think we're going to put it on the window of a scene because we like this idea. So then he improvised the Weselton there and it was that was a really organic, you know natural process. It's stuff like that. You know, it's just I've just been doing before Christmas. I was in a war film and basically out hell of a lot of that centralized from you've got your basic structure of the scene, you know, the extent like five those like I seen that more like five or six lines and then the rest of it to think your sins reactors create something like you I things you know that suspect yet and actor Sean, maybe not as intelligent or switched on or concentrated. There's something about the pain in the ass to work because they are not on the ball. And if you're not on the ball building, you know, the plate is basically explaining spending plates. And if one of the plate smashes you have to stop and stop and start again, and that's what that is. Just straight when I see when I seen him have the world half this stuff is thick if you can just be bitter over a year because it's one of the wins were totally see that I've never thought I'd see you see that was like he could Start model where you can play that role perhaps but it's like it was him. I don't not like, you know, if I'm being honest that I got anything I would just like to walk the Mark again. Yeah, and I mean, I'd love to do it like the to Bisbee have our own culture at what it'd be a laugh and to every different, you know, just these problems. I mean, you know people sort of imagination covid Windham remember of a few money and they don't store things like that but being opened a TV set. Huge rooms in part member means similar rule win rate great intro technique even a business script everything up and I just thought you know the value of the way that he and you interacted. Does that both go for something in the future? I think that helps the fact we work together already. I don't know what I mean. I would like to think it does, but then that means your boy have Complete belief that people that they told Virginia state of homework and asking people do the whole something. So it means the radius that there's a we actors who will you can see it in the movies. There's always the same background actors are not because they managed to get the money. Are you ever approached by people who see a Canaan you get sun so as well or not, but not not at all. No, I've got an essay I think. The basica getting our jobs really fucking hard way. I won't get any video. I think basically when you go I'd like to but I don't really think that doing so or even up here am I a label with I could meet demands for anything. I'm not playing. I'm not getting the part. I'm not that I'm not near the top of the coal Chute, you know, and you're not anywhere near makings. Decisions. I've been having a haven't even the ability to influence anything. You just your little Nazi lines and for coffee and I'd say for me the as always it's not about being a person of influence. It's about get is maintaining the level of work on good projects. And if I can cannot build a life and a career from that then that would be really really fulfilling. I would like it maybe to stop being so difficult all the time and maybe have a bit more secure than get a regular series, you know, that would probably be Nice to know what you're doing every year but at the same time it's I've been really lucky like some of the shows. I've been a part of Some of the actors I've got the work soil in my videos. Yeah, you know people are thinking no call friends. It's very, you know, I'm very very fortunate and video looking. Yeah. I mean, I think that is something that experience of a different level. Obviously when I done documentaries is that they always ended we are claiming up and that pay me I would have fallen of people they are rattling agree fantastic and in the next time with your documentary started back at D1. Yeah, Nemo knee knee support. Basic idea and you're like wait is in this kit fuckin easier. Yeah, and I actually like the thing is it's like active so that Master. Oh good because I must also prove my worth it because you're never really ever the most important person in the room. Although people might make that assumption and you are young but never at all, you know, and actually if you look at it like when you don't say no you may see for is about that, you know people holding umbrellas over an actor. Yeah, it's not into anything to do with the person being warm. Yeah, it's about maintaining that the costume stride and Yellow Cup stays the same because all that stuff is time and money. Yeah, and actually the actors are commodity and if it's not working table just the place that I can get another one because there's another person I could do. Yeah, and I think when you but when you really really remember that will you have this ignition stay humble and you go beneath everything you can it be okay because I think you're gonna gut, you know, Pop leibel Tom Cruise 20 million dollars a movie whatever I think people don't understand it the more really paying him to endorse the ACT. It's the promotion and the name there anything that was whereas if they can get him gathered in the phone. And that means as I said, I meant selling the tickets being sold and actually like that's just like, you know at the end of the day when you're sitting in a green room with somebody you're the same person. Yeah, you know just sitting there like are born from their vacation and if you've got a massive tree lot and I've got a retailer with me and you have dinner see Together you paid a bundle and be injured in the same car gonna disappear. And if there's only one toil on your location of the same time, we're using the same toilet. Yeah, you know all over it Naseem fit about you know, it's not even the same here. So it's like I don't I don't think anybody is what about you know, good actors of the best or the most high-profile like us and UK. I'd say the really really nice people. I thought were fucking I don't even use a few who are about Precious the very top and you have no privacy. No, no. No, I'm looking for any more like, you know, I'm not the kind of just walk to the shops and no get older because every really cool and I mean that's happened to you. Probably on the same level that mean what how do you deal with that? Yeah. I mean like for me it's like when I in the most of you moment was being active when I played it the Celtics. The the mostly and then nobody took basically like the star probably didn't know who I was right so that they experienced. They were looking at the back door. And the first to go is like the Next Generation so that stuff and my brother and all that. We just walked through the front door 75 because it's like how many things you get to do. That is we will be played and then obviously I just was like 70 finally. You know, I must have been a bit like 500 600 people like around me like really like aggressively wouldn't come like children and I'd never see like but my sister is in there with me and she's just like, I don't know what she's just like. Nope. They were both late. This is like a Moment Like This unbelievable. My brother-in-law is like 65 and he was just like fishing is always, you know. like once the hunter Stanek you know free people in the street coming up - yes it's like it's normal but I always have been like if it's like in my head I was actually with it but both were so that's you know that was what I was that's probably what made that sound so good much better than I've been before we laugh I will touch on sale today I'm happy everything that's going on Celtic yeah I mean I'm really I think this for the team's good I think again they're trying I feel like diabetes may be a little bit frustrating you know you're like oh but they're very interesting and I think what can I think all those people talking about the figuration or when in the Europa League group from you does it really matter how we get through that group every stove for all of your the same model a hunting small tubular level of progression for me domestically I think you know what accent I think it'd be able to eat I don't you may not be like any form but still trying to move results and I think that That's what we need to just do in get through this period at UNICEF is fight Chaminade results in soups or via I would like to see some of like the more youngsters getting an opportunity instead of some you know, some of the boys are being entertained, you know space in the back even like the boys 4head. We spent a lot of money on them and it's not really a and and it's just eating but understanding that Landings are very loyal man. It cannot come soon be enough probably. We a player he's basically said these guys are interested in every week. I'm not just going to surprise them by playing a younger guy or somebody who's not been on the bench and I cannot come in that that's something I really like about being in the sometimes in betel Leaf as awful like scorpion. I just can really gonna build a guy yesterday to 98 years. Like my he has my living legend like you said, I remember like, you know, I was neatly I was born tracking enemy but just the end of the name of the you know the patina stop the chain and smell of olives and you know any that progression you got this that lasted and sick painful but not you know you and me helping those players you know bout you know for me like this is obviously like my as an ad as a young adult is attending your teenagers at me like I don't think that you remember these moments and you know you remember that even a single line you remember those spec Champions League moment and hopefully I get to go and do with my family that didn't go it's ago and I was too young for that and experience that European Cup Final with you think I mean I think the season has proved although the Copenhagen is horrendous that it's not that far away our grasp no No, I mean it's know if only we could see another team divided progression at that. You know, I would maybe argue that effort Lee spent six million pounds on the two guys and the jangling box and a half. We make some beer. Yeah. I mean the boys come on. It doesn't really know but then again, I have a choice the Celtic fan TV for like the first three games of the season the first time they've done it and I said Divine questing would then have enough to be at Celtic player and it's abusive. I mean obviously for me until we can I get a bit more like chat. We need Champions League football so much and actually for those two cannot believe that he put ourselves in see they've been a big club we need to do whatever it takes to get there every year and I don't know how many things you need is struggle through these qualifiers are not have enough players available to do you know before it's in every color. Yeah becomes a bit like seeing the scene BB the over and over again and you can ignore I was going to end you know but on the subject and then we'll end the snow because this is a certain theme you talked about in the glass ceiling and I think that you're really punching that glass ceiling hardly know that connect what would be your advice to someone starting this Scotland than the acting game right now yeah and that bitten by dealer's showing a states can really thick and secure the side while you're looking soaked in the game because it's like no you fight basically it's a hell of a lot of rejection and there's a hell of a lot of but we live it I don't know better than that you don't have only brought to this point in my life the first time like I was a teenager partly very confident Lord's a cell phone at any get to your mid-twenties and things are going good but then when it gets old Stop it come in and secure and you worried things may not work out but I think your boy just put yourself in a position what card and then yeah just be doing fucking diligent. That's probably the best thing if you want it what for it and be diligent and make sure nobody works harder than you perfect timing us for me a map. Thanks for listening.