Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand Before the congregation to serve them and that he has brought you near to himself you and all your brethren and the sons of Levi with you. And are you seeking the priesthood also submission to God's plan is a daily Choice the greatest obstacle to the Fulfillment of God's purpose in our lives isn't the devil or sin, but in none submitted human spirit choosing our own path over God's path always leads to trouble the people of Israel struggled with submission and obedience. They murmured against Moses and Aaron who were God's appointed leaders and judgment fell swiftly before the day was done thousands were dead as a result of the people's refusal to recognize the leadership of these two brothers Moses then ordered Aaron to intervene on behalf of the people. Limiting the destruction then through the miracle of Aaron's budding Rod God confirmed once again whom he had chosen to serve as priest before him submission to the Lord and the authorities. He has placed in our life brings protection and blessing while Rebellion can have devastating consequences when you submit to God and His will you can be assured of God's blessing? It doesn't mean everything will always go perfectly but if you are submitted God will cause things to work out for your good. Let's pray together Jesus. Thank you for being patient with me. Forgive me for getting ahead of your plans and give me the strength to trust you and not take things into my own hands. I know you desire what's best for me and your ways are higher than mine. I submit to you today. Thank you for setting aside time to invest in your relationship with Jesus Christ time spent with God and His word is never time wasted if you are using your devote 365 volume to be sure to take advantage of the journaling portion on each page. Also, don't forget to record your thoughts in the weekly recap portion. If you would like to purchase the devote 3-6-5 Daily Devotional click on the link in our podcast description to do so. Let us know if you are using this podcast by tagging us in your social media post with hashtag devote three six five. Thanks once again for joining us.