Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things? In this year, we actually put into print membership terms that explain more what we're asking of the women that join well-read mom and how that makes well-read mom a unique experience. So first, we want to emphasize that these membership terms that we've asked members to agree to our terms that were thoughtfully made by us and they're actually not really new but something that we just kind of more clearly asked this year. This is a project that we've been working with our leaders on for several years now, so I'm going to go over what those four terms that we asked leaders to check off and members to check off on and then we'll kind of explain a little more of each of those four terms in depth As we go on so the first term that we asked our members to agree to is that they agree to follow the proposed theme and book lists for each year. Next. We asked them to agree to listen to the monthly audio that we put forth at each meeting these audios are important because they introduced the book that were reading explain why it was chosen kind of give some tips and hints about what to look for in the reading and explain how it fits into the year's theme. We also ask all of our members to agree to read our emails. It helps us to keep everyone up to date and receive correct information directly from the home office. And we also ask all of our participants to sign off that they understand that all well-read. Mom content is copyright. We ask that you read and understand that it's important that each woman participating in well-read mom joins herself and that there's no duplicating or sharing of material loud while red mom does require that each woman purchase her own materials and as such we don't permit the sharing of study materials, membership login accounts and passwords So maybe for some of you this sounds like no big deal this sounds reasonable, but we wanted to go into these little bit more deeply today because for some women they felt like they couldn't agree in good conscience and walked away from leading their well-read mom group. So hopefully that Parts helpful now, we'll talk about each of those a little bit more in-depth and give you a little history. We want to kind of emphasize here that one of the 100 most beautiful aspects of well-read mom is that women all over the world are accompanying one another in the commitment to deep and thoughtful reading and are actually reading together the same book at the same time. Our goal here is Unity not uniformity. So what has come to our attention over the years is that a significant number of women who are quote in well-read. Mom groups unquote are not actually having the well-read mom experience that we are proposing. This becomes a problem when a woman says she's in a well-read mom group but isn't reading the same books is unaware of the theme hasn't heard any of the audios or even seeing the companion often. These women leave disappointed concluding that well-read Mom isn't for them. Well, we're Mom isn't for everybody but not because of these reasons we're going to adjust again briefly go into those. Well, where'd mom membership terms a little more in-depth and explain why we feel they're beneficial to well-read Mom. So the first membership term is why do The follow along with the theme and the proposed order of the books each year. Each year while word mom selects one of the capacities of a woman as a theme to guide our reading so these themes are taken from st. John Paul II S letter to women in which he thinks women for their various capacities. It is our hope that will not only gain for meeting each of the books individually, but also have the chance to go deeper into the theme and as a result understand more of our personhood our identity as a daughter mother sister worker artist friend, so I want to just talk about the books but actually get deeper into understanding these themes in our lives Marcy Stockman our founder and president actually has a really good story about this one time when she was traveling across the country. She was in an airport and she had some time to kill so she broke out her well-read. Mom monthly book for that for that month and she had it in her hand and she kind of looked a pot across the empty airport waiting room. She saw another woman when reading the same book and so she kind of walked up to her and sat down next to her and said hey, I see you're reading. Eating whatever book it was at that month and the woman said yes, I joined this book club my book clubs reading it or whatnot and Marcy kind of sneakily asked her. Well, what club is that of the woman? She said I'm in a part of well word mom. Have you ever heard of it? And Marcy laughed as she's like I have it's taking over my life, which we always get great joy when she kind of tells that story but the story is important not only because they're reading the same book and it created this connection but it also shows the unity that well-read Mom is creating amongst women who don't even know each other. How was a great example because Mercy relays that because they're both having the shared experience by reading the same book. Then their conversation went a lot deeper than it could have otherwise membership term that we asked women to sign off on is that they agree to listen to the audios. So some women have said this is awkward to use adios it chops and our group our conversation doesn't flow as well. So we wanted to explain a little bit more how we use them and how we think they can be beneficial. So the first reason is that Good way to officially start the meeting. So in our group at least we come together women are coming in. We get a cup of tea or a glass of wine and then when we all gather together and start that audio, it's a signal that now the meeting has started the official part and I know I for one just appreciate having my memory jogged about the book and we'll have our discussion and officially closed the meeting with a second audio that will launch us into the breed for the following month. And so that Really signals to us to that. All right, the book club part of the meeting is over and so women are free to go after that. Some women feel like I can't give three hours to a meeting. I just want to come for the hour and 15 minutes and then take off and that's fine others of us stay and talk as long as possible. Remember we've asked for your commitment to listen to the audios as part of our desire to provide at its core a similar experience for every woman who joins well worth mom. Now what? We're looking for Unity here not uniformity. So obviously each individual group is going to have their own Dynamics and flavor. But if someone wants to join a group in Crosby, Minnesota or Houston, Texas, we want her experience of well-read mom to be essentially the same in its basic structure. That's what the well-read mom is all about the journey together. So it's our hope that by asking you to commit to listening to the audios each month. We'll be able to share the most important information with you. Sometimes women say well, let's just listen to the audio is on our own so we can have more time discussing what we found about that. Is that women who think they'll listen on their own at a future date seldom do and are less connected to the well-read. Mom experience on our end. We really do promise to be respectful of your time. We understand how fruitful your discussions are and it's our great. Hope that you will find that listening to the audios. Each month becomes a source of uniting your group to women all over the world and that they might inspire you to Or a new component of the reading selection that you may have overlooked or simply to stimulate your discussion. One other point about using the audios is that it really makes it easy for another woman to step in and lead. For example, Mercy was out sick at our group and she said can you lead and between the companion and the discussion questions there and these two audios it was no sweat just to say sure. Yep. I've got it third membership term that we asked our members to sign off on is that they agree to read our emails? This might seem like the most difficult task of all because we're all a little bit overloaded by the amount of email coming in. So just a point of clarification here what we're really asking you to watch out for and to be aware of is the monthly update that we send out each month. So we really try hard here to not inundate your inbox and instead put as many of the announcements together into one monthly email this email will include, you know information about the book that were reading this month. Extra resources that might be available to you how to find a reasonably price book when the prices are spiking any changes in the programming or upcoming events that while we're mom might be putting out. We've also asked women to not only listen to the audios but read the emails for a very business-related reason over the past few years while our mom has grown exponentially and we found it increasingly difficult to communicate and connect with our members are email open rates, which we can see on our end. And communicating important information from well or Mom to each member can be challenging we can often tell by the questions. We receive that it's very hard for us to disseminate information to all the members and that some of it even though we put it out there might not be found and so by asking you to just try to make us best effort as you can to reading our emails. We're just trying to make it as easy as possible for you to kind of one be connected to the national railroad mom group and as easy as possible for you to be a part of well-read mom. We really appreciate that as Leaders. You have that information you're passing along to your group. A lot of groups of women that aren't officially registered in their group and we would just have no way of actually getting them the information we think will be helpful the fourth membership term that we've asked all well-read mom participants to sign off on is that they understand that all well-read mom content and Publications are copyright and actually trademarked. So there is no duplicating or sharing of materials allowed. Well read me. Mom does ask that each woman participating purchase her own membership and we don't permit you to share your study materials such as the companion or your membership login accounts and passwords. These are considered a membership benefit this benefit these benefits do include the book lists. The book list is really something that is for members only you might think what's the harm but this is a part of well-read mom that we believe is proprietary. We spend an unbelievable amount of time each year coming up with that book list reading books discussing those books dropping books before we actually come up with the list for the year. There are a lot of great book lists out there on the web that you can find that you can Google and the time and energy we put into this list is Substantial yeah, I don't want it. It's part of who we are. So we ask that you don't share it all over we do want as many women as possible to participate in and join well-read mom. We do want to foster a culture of reading but when you join well-read mom, you're not just purchasing an individual membership or materials. You're actually joining and supporting a movement of women all over the country who want to read more and read well and we've had some wonderful stories from women all over the country about how this reading movement is impacting. Culture and impacting their family lives. And so we do ask that you would just kind of understand that this is important and for us to be able to spread this Mission and to continue this work. Your membership dollars are really important. So why can't you see the book list before you register? This is something if you've been with us from the beginning, you know, we've gone back and forth on over the years because of course you went want as many women to read as possible and we also know because there's more than 10,000 views of our yeah book paper book page every with that the majority of women aren't actually joining. And so we really believe that the experience of well-read. Mom extends. Well past just the books elections, although those are important and so in the spirit of this we work really hard to provide our members with materials that enhance the reading selections. We hope you understand that there's a lot of booklets that you can find on the web for free ours is proprietary due to the nature of our organization and the supplements that we provide so that being said, That of course, we're still committed to encouraging women to participate and would never want the membership fee to prohibit. Someone from participating. We simply asked if that's the case that they just let us know that they need some assistance with their membership fee for the year. We do allow you to see some of the book less selections for the upcoming year. If you're a member if you aren't a member yet. If you provide your email address will give you access to a few of the authors and books elections that are coming for the upcoming year. Hopefully that will give you a sense of if this is something that you think you'd enjoy. Oy some women have asked. Why is there a membership fee at all? Why isn't it just free and if there is a fee what is go toward? Well, the reason there's a membership fee is because everything costs money and running well-read. Mom is no exception. So we do try really hard to keep well-read. Mom reasonably priced. Well, where'd mom membership for our regular membership level costs approximately the same as a nice cup of coffee at your favorite coffee shop or even a bottle of your favorite salad dressing from the grocery store. Women typically think of their membership fees as going to the cost of printing and mailing materials, which is actually how we started thinking about it initially that very first year. It's like, what should we charge for this and it was like how much will it cost to print the companion and mail it but actually what we found is the main expenses that are paid by the membership fees are the business expenses, which may be surprising to you Al Rahman started with about 40 women and as we've grown we found we needed to put systems in place to effectively run. It's become a national nonprofit organization. So we found that we needed to purchase a membership database accounting software website development and maintenance accounting services theoretical and trademark fees so that we can continue to use our well-read mom named rent office space to house the more than 5,000 books. We typically have on hand get some business insurance to keep those books safe and hire some staff. So as well or mom is grown founder, Marcie Stockman is found it necessary to hire some additional help initially. She was doing this on her own and a lot of women don't realize that all the time that Mercy is given to well-read mom over these last years has been donated. And in fact for many of the beginning years, she's subsidize the cost of well-read mom as she discovered what the true expenses are in operating a non-profit. We do have two very part time staff members and a handful of contractors that keep well-read. Mom operating as well. was a wonderful team of volunteers who believe in and are dedicated to helping well-read Mom be the very best it can be so although we use many volunteers to help covid Mom run as efficiently as possible. We also feel it's important that we compensate the women who are giving of their time and talent to well-read mom when were able to do that. Some group leaders have asked do we need to use the discussion questions that are in the companion or can we create our own group leaders should absolutely feel free to shape the conversation to fit your group analysis and reflection are both important pieces of well-read Mom some group spend. Most of their time knows deep in the books pulling out quotations for careful consideration. They might only get to the first question or two other groups move quickly past the first few questions and focus on the personal reflection. A few thoughts on why the questions vary in terms of their flavor. We try to write questions to prompt meaningful discussions. That means we look for a balance between analyzing the book itself and asking women to talk about their own experiences. Plus we are committed to providing a way for women to participate even if they didn't finish the book we're constantly working to get the discussion questions to have a more consistent style the answer to why the questions very is because our women are different we take suggestions from the Writers each of whom reads and things about the books in her own unique way. Some women are wondering how they can participate in the materials. A lot of you are readers yourselves and would like to be more involved with lowered mom as a note. We always welcome Reflections to our well-read mom blog about how what you're reading in your experience with Wailord Mama shaping your life. If you'd like to submit something, please feel free to contact us at info at well-read mom.com Thanks so much for your time today. We're so glad you've joined in this Endeavour to read more read. Well, happy reading.