Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate.But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie Carrie was released in November of 1976 and it's based on the novel Carrie by Stephen King. One of my all-time favorite authors ever in the world. He puts way too many paragraphs when he could just really briefly describe a situation. He wants to build a whole castle. So when he could just say hey, I was at the store get into that castle as a great Journeys. It's annoying. So this is the first King novel adapted to be a movie. It's also one of the few horror movie films to have multiple Academy Award nominations. How is that possible? I don't know because it's really honestly one of the worst movies I've ever seen I hated it. Anyway, apparently, it has a 92% fresh score on Rotten Tomatoes. It was directed by Brian De Palma who also directed Scarface and Mission Impossible, I love Mission Impossible. It's fun. Tom Cruise was still you know, get some worries those pre jump into the couch Dora like still seemed saying carry Stars Sissy Spacek as Carrie White. She's an awkward teenage girl. She's has uncontrollable bouts of Rage directly linked to these telekinetic power she has and it also starts John Travolta in his second ever feature film and he's terrible person. He's a douchebag Billy Nolan. Hey, the Little Billy. So Sissy Spacek when she auditioned for this role. She was determined as hell to get it like sis showed up to the audition with Vaseline in her hair down her face and an old dress. She had worn since like grade school clearly if she did something right and she it works. She got the role and an Oscar nomination for her performance. I you know, honestly my biggest question about that whole like Situation is how she still fit into a dress from grade school. I have to go for her grade school. You were okay. This movie is an excruciating. I need eight minutes long. It's it's a lot. It's a lot to handle. I wouldn't say excruciating. I would just some here's some facts about 1976. This is the year that Jimmy Carter was elected president. He was elected in November because that's when the presidents are elected. Kerry also came out in November. November 16th 1976. This is also the USA Bicentennial 200 years bitch. Okay. Also in NYC Son of Sam begins with making his murderers what a time to be alive. I love you. Also Patty Hearst the infamous heiress who participate in the bank robbery. Yeah. She's sentenced to seven years for her role and fun fact Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak form Apple. April of the Year thank goodness. Right couldn't live without that phone that iPhone. So in the 70s a lot of gratuitous sex and violence, it wasn't very prevalent. Like we have nowadays you can turn on your TV turning kick station or just mainstream station and see murder sex everywhere that wasn't really the case in the 70s and I think that's why people were so like shook by this movie. I agree this movie and also, What's that movie The Exorcist? Yes, people were terrified with that shit and my mom was like you don't understand it was horrifying like I don't get it. But okay mom. So anyway, let's get into it. Yeah. Yeah Carrie opens with high school girls. They're playing volleyball. Honestly, they all suck. Okay, but somehow carries the worst and everybody hates her she must be like Extra crap and it's already super dramatic like so dramatic. We already see here ESI that this weird girl in volleyball. So we don't need to be drug into it right after they all suck it up on the volleyball court. They move into what I feel is the most gratuitous scene I've ever seen the movie The Locker Room. Here's where I want to step in. So in this locker room, there's titties their 70s Bush everywhere like this much money for even the I'll sequence. And so I like I didn't play sports in high school. But like if I thought this was an actual representation of what the locker room would have been like I would have signed up for every sport. That was I think I was in PE in high school because I was in choir and I didn't take a sport so I had to take PE as a requirement to graduate and I can tell you there was nobody showering. During the Pease period we would change out into our stupid uniforms and then we would go play whatever we're doing volleyball. We did play volleyball and then we go and change back into our clothes. There was none of this slow motion naked sensual washing that was happening at the beginning of this movie would have been luck cooler at the while. I mean, I don't know Carrie is taking her super sensual shower and she gets her period And this bitch freaks out. I've never seen anything like it. Honestly. Apparently she thinks she's dying. Like I don't think anyone has ever told her that this was going to her cycle was going to start at any point in her life. Like she had never been talked. She had never had this treasure about well for and now when we meet her mom, I think yeah, I'm sure you know that explains it the shit girls in her gym class. Apparently every girl in the senior class is in this one gym class. They'll start making Fun of her they're throwing tampons and pads at her and they're yelling plug it up. It's expensive plug it up. That's really shitty. Miss Collins the gym teacher Misha Collins is hot as hell. Okay? Okay. She comes in she stops your Jill. She starts slapping Carrie. Tell her to get a hold of herself victim shaming her. You know, why are you acting like this? She's it's too much then carry her first, you know, Carrie quote-unquote incident happens, and she pops a light bulb. Just like that just like that. So caring and Miss Collins and the principal are having a little meeting God. He's such a douchebag the absolute worst and I'll just smoke it up in there. It's gross, you know, I forgot because you can't smoke anywhere nowadays, but you spell the smoke just everywhere like planes. Yes, right. Can you imagine literally everywhere? They're just lighting that piece blowing that smoke of her face. She doesn't like it and and he keeps calling her Cassie and she gets real pissed off. She flips the ashtray from his desk and the cigarette butts go everywhere and the ash goes everywhere. I'm so like I am is she still just bleeding in his principles chair because like no one has explained to her what her period is and like they threw Tampa like that her butt like this. She actually use them or is she just still sitting there thinking she's about to die, right? That is a very good question free bleeding in her. For in the principal's office whether or not it's true. She blows up the ashtray and they're like, you know what Cassie we're going to let you have a week off a gym and she's at get scary. She's pissed so she leaves the school and she's on her way home and this little shit on a bike starts taunting her and making fun of her. He's like creepy carry creepy carry because kids are the fucking worse the absolute worst. This is why I don't have children. And so she you know, she's like, you know, fuck this little bitch and she just roast him on that bike. Yes. She did. That's what he gets. Yeah. I have no sympathy also children. So she gets home her psycho ass mom as there and she her mom is just going crazy because Carrie tells her she got her period and she's a woman now, she seems awfully like suddenly so confident, you know, Gary. Yeah after yeah, she must have liked one conversation. Miss Collins and suddenly she's like bitch. I'm a woman John Buck are two deaths that get in this closet and tray bitch creepy-ass closet with scary-ass Jesus and he's like bow down to me and my little tiny altar. It's so creepy. Also the closets not locked. No, she could come out at any time. Come on out here. She could be in the algebra. Yeah the closet it's shit in there. Come on. Gets out of the closet. She goes up to her room. She stares at her reflection. I'm not sure what we're supposed to be feeling here. I guess she's realizing that she's a woman and maybe she says she doesn't like it. She breaks the mirror shatters everywhere. She can't control it. Is that what it is? Like honestly, I'm confused at this point. I think it's like her telekinetic powers are like directly linked to her quote unquote crazy woman hormones and his film until I get every time she gets angry at Like Mmm Yeah, something happens, which if I have this power when I was you know, 16 same shit would have happened. This feels suddenly way more like men keeping the woman down because I know I'm sure we'll do it at some point in time that movie gingersnaps. Have you seen it? No, it's a Canadian movie. So it's like a was it called an allegory. So it's the same kind of thing. She gets her period she's becoming a woman but also then she turns into a werewolf. Becoming a woman is apparently the same thing as becoming a werewolf, which I don't agree with but you know. So the mirror shatters we're back there. We move on we were at Sue's house one of Carey's classmates and Sue apparently has a soft spot. She's not a complete bitch. She feels bad I think for all the period shaming and all the taunting probably since they were in fucking grade school right for sure. This seems like a really small town for. Yeah. Why are we in the same town? This it are waiting Deary Deary. I choose to believe we are they could be Dairy. So she asks her really super dreamy. Friend, Tommy who has just the best hair. It's luxurious. I want to run my fingers through it. Even though it's curly. I feel like I could it Oh, I thought well conditioned. Yeah super said there's not not a tangled in that bit. No beautiful. I mean, it's great. Anyway, she asked Tommy to take Carrie to the prom. It takes some pressure. He doesn't want to but he gives him He I guess he asked scary. Yeah, yeah. Yeah scary and she's like, you know what I feel like you're just trying to add this is at night and she goes and runs to apparently her new BFF Miss Collins. I would run to miss Collins you would write to her arms, right you would I don't see what you see in Miss Collins. Hmm because you don't like women true sexually, right? So I mean she's pretty hmm But she needs a hot oil treatment just like the rest of the night need a deep conditioner. Apparently there were none in the 70s. So Carrie sees through him. She goes to miss Collins and she's like, what do I do and Miss Constance like girl go with him. He hot exactly what she said take this chance. She said get you some get that D. Yeah. Back of the school after they have to talk Miss Collins. I guess she made him stay late. I'm not really sure what is happening. Yeah, they've the she's confused like punishing them on the field. Okay, so she's like mad at them because they were being mean to carry. I I'm sure there were some slaps because there's hella slaps in this movie. Everyone gets left and right Chris gets laugh more than anybody I've ever seen Chris is the main bully the one who's really in Carrie the shit She's the worst Miss Collins actually slaps her on the volleyball field. So o at the beginning no, no here. They're not on them volleyball field there. I have football field here. We can put that out Sports. So is this the first lap I think so. No she slap here. Yes, Miss Collins slaps everybody. Miss Collins slaps Chris because Chris doesn't want to participate in the punishment and she miss Collins tells Chris. You can't come to prom no more prom for you. You're a senior. I don't care. You're not coming you and your creepy boyfriend who I'm convinced this 30 and therefore already graduated at least 30 years old cannot come. Okay. So Chris blames carry for not being able to go to prom she's real pissed about it, and she Goes out with Billy that neither drives around in his car. They're driving and that Billy's drinking beer and throw him out the car in the 70s. Anything goes like 70s at a time to be alive. I seventies was a weird time. Apparently, I'm gonna ask my parents if they were just driving around drinking beers throwing him out the window when they were yeah, I should 70s 70s. Okay, so they pull into the drive in movie. I don't remember if they show this what they were watching. I don't think so. It was probably something stupid. Chris decides. She's going to honestly this feels like the first blow job. She's ever given him like she's doing him a favor sure and I think it's the first ever blow job. He's ever received for sure. He looks startled. Yeah and scared maybe and but also enjoying it because something he's apparently quote unquote a high school student. Somebody's touching his D. True too true. He said God and shave for this and I'm not prepare like what the fuck's going on. I just slapped her two miles back. Like I don't know. I'm not sure what I should be doing here. And so then mid blow job. She's really going to town on it. She says Billy Billy Billy I hate carrying wife. I hate Carrie White y'all like this bitch has a mouthful of dick. That's like her first thought. I hate Carrie White. What a mood killer. Okay, like ground flaccid. Yes, so she convinces Billy to get in on this plot with her and I guess Billy recruits of his doofus friend. And look I'm from a small town. I just want to take a Time moment to have a side note. We do not have pig slaughter places. I don't know if slaughterhouses in my hometown that I'm aware of. There's the chicken plant, but that's different than where do you get all your pics plug for Revenge blots all my ritual sacrifice and things. Yeah. I have to order it online. Yeah get anything on Amazon, right? So they go to The Slaughterhouse, they find the little piggy and they decide to kill him in the most inhumane way possible by taking a sledgehammer to him. I'm not sure how they got the blood out because that's not a knife but they must have broken enough bone and therefore skin to drain the blood into a bucket and also like is this just a little group of psychopaths because of my friend came up to me in high school and was like, hey, where do you doing Friday night? I'm like, oh nothing. I'm just chilling a house. Like hey, you want to go fucking murder this pic? I would like No, no, same no same. I don't know. I was impressionable in high school. Maybe you could have persuaded me. I'm a follower, you know, maybe could have persuaded me with some like Smirnoff Ice to murder a peasant drink until I was already 18 after I graduated I waited. Okay just a beautiful angel until that point in time that was corrupted and then years of just Have they followed it was rough back to the movie Carrie. She's super pumped about prom is so excited. She's decided to go like whole heart into this. She's taking Miss Collins advice. This is going to be wonderful. Tommy has no ulterior motive clearly, even though he has a girlfriend. She's just choosing to ignore them. Yeah, that's its. We've all done at some Point in our lives, okay. So her mom though not happy. She is slut shaming her left and right she loses her shit when Carrie asked for permission to go to the prom and she's all Tommy only wants you for sex. You know, it's a lot and then she's like they're all gonna laugh at you because you're not cool and I'm like hey, how about you lift your daughter up ma'am. How about you be like, yes go out to that prom look pretty. She's not about that life save time and just wants to fuck you in there. Laugh at you like a great great. Thanks, Mom. Thanks. I feel pretty I'm so pretty. Stop it Mama. He's gonna laugh at you. I don't want to stay with you Mom. Okay, her mom is slut shaming her and those Powers rise up and she slams the window shut then they have a huge blowout fight the day of prom and carry throws her mom on the bed. You just another force a mind-meld. Yeah, bitch and tells that bitch to quit worrying. What'd she say? I'm going Mama. I'm going Mama. Look, I'll answer the door and I'll tell him that you tell him did you change your mind? Every movie Sissy Spacek has ever been in she's conveniently been able to have a Southern accent. Even if it doesn't matter for the movie role, which I'm convinced in this role. It doesn't it's not no one else has it right SpaceX her mom has it so that's where they're it. Got not Oscar nominations. I mean, yeah, I'm not giving an Oscar nomination anytime soon, but cool. This is When I was in high school, I've never seen this movie a full until we watched it. But when I was in high school, I saw this scene. I'm not sure why I don't know maybe I caught just this portion on TV, but this is the dirty pillow scene where you know, I'm shy puts on the dress and her mom's she doesn't have a bra on because nobody in the 70s were bra. No that Just Hits free free with another reason why I should have been alive in the 70s at her mom's like they're going to see your Her pillow. It has been stuck in my brain for 20 years. I can see your dirty pillows. I can't unhear it. He's got to be a therapist. I need a therapist after hearing it. So Kari gets her way. She goes to prom. She's looking. She's first yourself up. She look like I mean, I'm not sure what kind of spell she put on Tommy but suddenly he's really feeling her can't be put a jar spell or something on timing because all of a sudden he forgot all about his girlfriend. He is Sue who okay, so who he is. All about the Carrie loves her Huff's her he's weirdly in toward though. It seems just like it has he never spoken to her before? Hey, like it's like instantly. Yeah, like I didn't know who you are. Oh now we're on this prom date and I'll know I'll Hey Girl. Carrie is living her best prom life. She is just how they're dancing. They're making out on the floor for Sue is not even there. She's poor Sue is at home like I've done this really big bright for my friend's boyfriend. Is there being just such a gentleman and he's gonna come home to me and I'm going to get the D and he's agnostic. Are we going to get this big? So meanwhile, I'm gonna use my meanwhile voice Chris that bitch and her friends are running around they're changing all the ballot so that they can make carry and Tommy win prom king and queen. They want to change the ballots because of course they've set up this like yeah, but thing above the stage so they can like fuck up Kari so she has to win just to win so they can dump the pig blood on her. I would like to take a few moments now just a brief aside to discuss my most hated character in this movie Norma Norma. She's the worst but Norma I feel is a closeted lesbian Porsche and the 70s in high school. So like I get the rage girl like I get you but also has more reason to be this carry figure than carried us carry is lit. She just got teased once as As we've seen this prom king and queen are announced and spoiler. Ladies and gentlemen. I've got the winners. I give you Tommy Ross and Carrie White Carrie and Tommy win. You know was anybody surprised I'm not no but I love how Tommy is like so like shocked that he's prom King like right for your group here at her. Yeah, your quarterback. You have perfect hair like you are the shit in high school and all of a sudden. He's like so humble like wonderful, but like he just cheated on his girlfriend. And I mean do we know how serious they are? You know, maybe it was just a new situation with Sue and he said I see you carry. I see the interview. I see a but what about to at home soon sacrificed her senior year prom to get scary the night of her life that was nice of her and you know what it's going to come back and sue will be rewarded for that. Yes you all she will it's the best. It's the best outcome for her. So Carrie and Tommy win and then they proceeded to make the slowest slowest walk up onto the stage. You've ever seen my God, it took them so long. It's painful. It's painful this but am I can y'all just fucking can you put a little pepper stuff? Like are you not excited or what? Can you get up to the goddamn stage already Sue? I guess she decides she's going to just see how it's going sneak in. Yeah, so like I think See you want wanted to go and check up on her me. I'm like, okay sure. He's doing this correctly think I sent him out here. Let me see what the fuck is going on right now. Like let me see what they're doing. Okay, I'd buy that I think that's probably true. I mean that's what I would do like. Oh I sent them here just date. Let me let me go check out the situation. I buy it so she comes in she sneaks in because she's in her street clothes. Yes, I would have just put the dress on and busted up in there. Why can't she go? In the 70s was the thing you had to have a date to go to prom because you know nowadays. You don't know you don't just show up. I don't think you even have to have a dress on. No, you just buy your stupid chicken. That's all they care about. They want your money and then you roll up in there. It doesn't matter but I guess in the 70s it did Susan out there all time wild time. She shows up she sneaks in and she's like, oh, huh. Hmm. I see you Tommy what's going on? I'm gonna get under the stage now, which is weird to me why whatever Nevel sure she gets under there too. And she sees Chris and her little henchmen. I think Billy's involved and there. Getting the blood ready. They have a little string pulley situation working. They're getting ready to dump that blood and suyus like hold up. Wait a minute. Okay. She said let me get I'ma stop this she says she starts running for the stage and Miss Collins said no bitch, not today not today because she thinks Sue is there to you know, start some shit. She thinks it was about to Today I'm for because Carrie and her manner together. So she signalled that you not about to act up on carries day. And then the best thing that ever happened in Sue's life happens. Miss Collins tells her to get the fuck out the gym. Yeah, maybe she doesn't use the f word but she kicks her out. She doesn't kill her that came out wrong. I mean miss you. She slaps door Miss Collins, she slaps children, so she she probably did say get the fuck out. She probably did so Sue's out And now it's time the blood spills. She's carries covered in blood and she's like what and everyone its silent in the gym. Everybody's like what the fuck just happened. What the fuck Tommy gets real banana shape. He's like, he's about these Bowen up. He's gonna do some shit. He's gonna you know start on me is about to know if you but he's ready but then because he's kind of also a bitch the bucket From his head and I think this kills him. Yeah, what was this basket made of pure lead? Apparently it fell on his head. He's just he's out it's over he's done time. So if he supposed to be unconscious and they just dies in the fire, but in my mind, I like to assume that he just died right then he looked at as hell. He did bless his little beautiful curls. Give me back up a little bit or we're like this scene like carries Matt as shit, like she's envisioning like everyone that everyone in the audience or looking up at her like they're shocked there in all their horrified but like she is in vision and then like laughing at her and she hears her mom being like they're all going to laugh at you. They're all gonna laugh at you and they're all in her mind laughing at her and she's just gets so pissed off. And then you hear that smooth music The Crazy Eyes come out and she's like I'm a fuck this shit up all Y'all Bitches about to die. She said y'all got me fucked up today. Not today Satan. She locked it was Jim doors. She kills everybody. She gets that hose going for Alan nowhere. Yes, literally everyone that Jim died. Like I'll be real pissed. If I was just a rando in the background having the problem of my life thinking I'm gonna have sex with Do tonight, you know losing my big vCard that bitch kills me. Yes, you know because it's not worried by wants to lose their virginity. Is that prom or it but yeah. Yeah. Kari does not give a fuck. She kills everybody and then she's just like by she sets the whole thing on fire pieces out. It's like Angela Bassett walking away from a burning car. I have not seen that movie textile. I'm a terrible person, but I know the scene Yeah, but I I haven't seen it live on fire. But Bassett does not age. She looks the same. Who did she sell her soul. I need to know because I want to sell my soul to say I'm already black but then put Angela Bassett black on top of my black. Don't need any moisturizer. Everyone needs moisturizer. Please moisturize your skin, please with an SPF exactly morning and night get that thicker one at night. It's really helpful. I digress Carrie walks home. She's covered in blood. Apparently. Nobody thinks that's weird. No. No, everyone's just like driving past her and shit and they're like, oh teenager girl covered in blood, huh big deal. This is 70s. It's a wild time every answer to everything weird in this movie. His successor families whether you do the firefighters go right past or they're like I don't have time for you because you've just murdered like at least 70 people in the gym, maybe more on how big their classes is the Junior/Senior prom with on that. We don't know so Billy and Chris are in Billy's car because apparently they pop that blood bucket on her and then they booked it out of there before the slaughter began and they seek hearing like this bitch got me fucked up. I'm a killer. I'm a runner over with my car. Kerry said no, not today. Mmm, and she uses those creepy eyes and a tree. It's on flips that car. Yes. This is the best part of the movie when Billie and Christy. Yeah his horrible their shit people. They're terrible human beings the worst and they deserved it author. And so Kari goes home. She draws herself a little bath, which seems you know, yeah, she's just Soaking in Lucy's warm blood bath is rinsing the blood off of her in a bath maybe getting a shower. It seems like it would be more efficient. Yeah, you know, there's still blood in her hair or at least like if you don't have a shower home like at least get into the bathtub, like rinse it all off like it's not plugged up right like you don't plug it up. Just get hot water going there you wash it up drain all the blood off yet and then take a bath. That's right, but she doesn't know she takes a bath. I don't feel like Fully clean, but that's okay. No leaves the bathroom goes to her room creepy ass. Mom is just hiding out in the corner like a weirdo. Yes. She does she jumps out and she's like, you know what Carrie Let me tell you about the time I conceived you be a rape with your father. Like how is this the perfect time to tell your daughter that she was conceived and like marital rape like did she not see carries a scum in covered in blood so she had not her room this whole time. She left her on the bed and she's like, I'm just gonna wait my way right here in the corner in this dark corner and surprise her when she gets home with the story of how my husband raped me and she Is conceived it seems like the perfect night to do this. So let's get into it. What a mom. And first it was all right, we lived sinlessly. We slept in the same bed, but we never did and that night. I saw him looking down at me that way. We got down on our knees to pray for strength. I'll smell the whiskey on his breath. The stink of the other owed us Whiskey on his breath and I like how like apparently her. Mom is like you're a witch you're a witch stabs her in the back. I know where she got the knife. I guess after Kerry pushed her on the bed and went to prom mom went downstairs collected several weapons came back upstairs to wait. Yes. Okay makes sense. Everybody. Does it that's what I do when I go to bed. I believe it for Cassie lesser. Oh, so Carrie falls down the stairs and her mom Corners are in the kitchen and it's a fight and Kerry says no I got these Powers. Let me see them. And she all the knives in the kitchen, which frankly that's a lot of knives. Well, there are other there are like knives and there are other kitchen utensils. I was like, oh they've been doing some Pampered Chef. What's that delivery system that you they give you all the foods? There's so many blue aprons are so many. Yes and stabs her with all the utensils and all the knives. I guess there's forks and are too dull spoon maybe in the tit and her mom falls down. She's crucified or suffice because I guess she manages to stick her arms against the wall. She does like the two knives Britt and then she crucifies this bitch. It's a lot. It's everybody in this movie is living on drama level 9 Really favorite fans in movie history, it would be your favorite scene. Carrie kills her mom and then she's like, you know what I've just killed my mom, but also I just killed the whole senior class. Oh no, and you know, maybe I'm not a great person. Yes Max Essential role guilt. She's feeling hella guilty as she should frankly the mom. I'll give her because the moms know the vars trash but the entire senior class maybe just kill a few of the worst ones normal can definitely go. Yeah. She's the worst normal could go Chris could go Billy could go but like Miss Collins did nothing but try to help you out and look hot. Like I don't it's not fair. No I shouldn't life ain't Fair truth. So all this this guilt ways on Carrie and she says I'm just going to set my house on fire because my mom was about five hundred candles in here while I was gone. It's just an easy way to set the house on fire and apparently their house is made of cinders and it goes up quickly. It's like You know the little pigs. Yes. She's the one made of sticks. That's there. I just in case it's in collapses immediately and I guess we have to assume now that carry died and the debris it's always the debris that I'll get you it could have been the smoke inhalation. That's what kills you in. The fire is a smoke and something heavy fell on her and she killed she was killed in the debris. Maybe something heavy trapped her. Okay. So now we move to sue sole survivor bless her little heart. Little Matchmaker ever or was she I mean, right she killed her boyfriend frankly. He deserved it Petey that okay, so she's really upset. She's got that survivor's guilt. You know, I feel like I would to I feel Soo In This Moment. Yes life is really traumatizing had died and my senior class on the other hand you're now valedictorian and that's not good on college applications truth so you don't have A bad deal after all right good for you. She's at home. She goes to sleep and she has this really super realistic Nightmare. And honestly, I have seen the ending of this movie before we watched it recently and I have always thought this was real and not a nightmare. No because apparently I wasn't watching it closely because he didn't start watching this when you were like nine, right? Yeah with my mom so she has this nightmare. She's walking up to carry his former home, and she's bringing flowers. And she's in this really flowy beautiful dress. She's really feeling the vibe and she puts the flowers down the rubble. They haven't cleaned it up yet. It carries hand just shoots up and snatches her and it's all bloody and side no Sissy Spacek insisted that the Hannah shut up from this Rebel was actually her own hand for was about yeah, which meant that she had to be buried alive. But this she's doing lat why? All right. Yeah, she She was doing a lot for this role. Yes, I would like to know y'all can use you can use a fake and I'm good or get the stunt double to do it. That's what they're for right there getting they need to earn their money. Let that poor girl. Earn her money. I don't know why she felt the need to have it to be her hand. But like she did so I agree because nobody I had nobody knows that that's just no fun fact that nobody would have cared about literally. No one sees you space like I was buried alive for Carrie exactly. It's just stupid. So sue wakes up. She's screaming at her mom's like Oh, no baby is okay and she's comforting her and seen and seen. Oh, you know was that the longest 98 minutes of your life. I've had longer 98 minutes, but I mean, it was a close. It was a close tie for shit. I thought was excessive there is a lot of excessiveness, but I do feel like Like it was a top-notch movie. You still like it. I still love it. It Kerry will always be one of my all-time favorites. I have no idea how this is right and 92% fresh on Rotten Tomatoes because if I have no idea how Sissy Spacek was nominated for an oscar fish eyes. They're humongous. I have no idea who how her mom was nominated for a Best Supporting nod, I don't get it. Maybe it's me. Obviously. It is since 92 percent population thinks this is a great movie and me. But I'm not feeling it obviously I was feeling a lot as it. Like I said, this is one of my faves so it could be a Nostalgia or that's God. Yeah, it's got to be it. I mean if you watch this today never seen it before if you can throw your mind into that mindset are we watching it today in 2020 or am I watching it in 1976? I'll let you watch it in 1976. And yeah, I'm going to be really I'm scared as shit, you go to the drive-through with your new boyfriend. He's trying to touch a boob and you're like, can you stop I'm trying to get into this mess? Yeah, he stops carries going happening. That's cool. I'm glad that we can agree to disagree don't have to live every movie together. You know, we don't you're right. We can have different opinions. We're different people. Let's write it. So listen guys, we've come up with our own rating system. It's really specific. But also fun. Yes it is. We have taken some of the more popular more well-known big bad guys in movies and use them as our rating scale. So let's do it. We're going to tell you what they each mean and what everything is and we'll tell you the first few episodes and then Hopefully you'll just know what we're talking about and we'll have to keep repeating it. Hopefully we'll see if this rating system feels like a lot to y'all. Let us know and we can maybe scale it out of bed get maybe we'll see. So the first one we're going with Chucky. He is representing jump-scares. All of these are on a scale of 1 to 5 for me. I feel like well if we're looking at at this movie Be in the 70s. I think that it has a lot of jump-scares if we're looking at it. Now what? Yeah, like there's the Hannah shoots out. There's only jump-scare know there's the ashtray blows up the light bulb blows up like the okay. Give me your number. I'm going to say three now. I am giving it a one Chucky one little one baby check. All right. Okay number two Freddy here. Presents the mindfuck, you know psychological really getting in there in the mind because apparently I haven't seen it y'all I'm a terrible terrible horror fan, but apparently A Nightmare on Elm Street. He's really up in the mind who needs new dreams. So what do you give it your mind? Fuck I give it to same. Yeah. I also cannot purely because she's using some mind power. I give it a mindfuck because of her mind powers and because of her Mom who like that is a mind. Fuck me. Yeah, two three. Yeah that girl yikes three Leatherface. He represents the blood in this the gore how Bloody and just gross. Was it zero for me like it give it a 1 2 5 1. Okay. It wasn't that Bloody. I mean she walked home bloody. I also gave it one leather for ya. Like there's some swine blood but right and she had her period don't forget. Yes. Yes, there's also menstrual blood and strobe light that she was, you know, trying to rub on people. Yeah, that's really weird. Last one. Honestly my favorite Hannibal Hannibal represents how clever the movie or the Killer is in general what you given that for the killer. I'm going to give it a one carries carries the killer. Yeah. Well, that's it. I'm like, who's the bad guy in this movie? Is it her is it Chris and Billy and doing research like everyone paints carry out to be you know, the bad guy in this movie. Yes. She did kill her entire senior class. I guess you did car mom, but like didn't they all kind of deserve it? I'm not that I got out. I had it like her fashion choices. Then I am at what she did although I do feel bad. Like I said for those just randos in the back. Yes. I did. I feel sad for them. That would be me. I would be just at prom hanging out and would have been murdered but I give it a 1 on the hand of all because she's not very clever. Like she didn't she didn't create this plot. Everything happens in her mind like its own control and it's directly linked to her teenage angst e anger. Yeah same. Same I give it one someone it's a one for me too. So I am giving it a total grand total raving of one two, three, four five really kind of lame as far as like the highest you can get is 20. It's a 5 out of 20 for me. I mean, it's not lame for me. I mean, that's what the rating was. But what's your what's your number? Can you add up your stuff in your mind real quick? No. Have you had too much wine, Maybe? Court I don't know what my score adds up to you but carries a brilliant but I think yours is honestly like a 6 okay, we can work with this you're going to say that's okay 6 out of 20. Okay. Yeah friend when you talk about math when we're done here because that's not great. And you talk about good movies. We're done here speaking of good movies. Hmm. What's that? Next we're doing and I would like to apologize to all the Spanish speakers before I say this a lot arouna. Mm-hmm. I don't have a good accent. I am for base Texas. I'm so sorry. It is based on the legend. I believe it's a a legend and all that in America. I honestly don't know a lot about the preview looked creepy. So we'll see how we do on that. We're going to have fun. We're going to have fun. We're going to drink again for sure. Absolutely. Absolutely. Alright guys. This has been a blast. It really has his the first episode. First time doing this. So I hope you all liked it. I hope you too if you don't I mean, honestly, I can't be bothered. So let me know. I love to hear about it. Give me a feedback. Let me know if you don't like me get with us on the socials. You can reach us on Instagram at Room 2 3 7 the podcast you can find us on Twitter at room to 3/7 the Pod C1, and you can also send us an email at. Room 237 the podcast at gmail.com. Send us an email. Tell us your opinion on Carrie. Let me know that I am in the wrong and I think this movie is stupid, but you tell me why it's the greatest movie you've ever seen or tell me what we should watch next or you can affirm my position and let me know that Kerry is fucking awesome. Okay, so they can do that either one of those things. Let us know guys we welcome at all we do. All right. Until next time. Thank you guys so much for listening to us. Thank you. Bye.