All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple States.Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am Cullen and with me are my other Host. This is scooter. Hello and all the way down in not so sunny but only because it's dark Arizona. Mr. Ross. That is me indeed indeed. Oh, man. Well, let's see. We just released at this moment. We just released our first you should play this and we're can I find that you can find that on anchor you can find that on Spotify. You can find that on Apple iTunes. You can find that on cast box stitchers. There's a bunch of places you can if you look for it you'll find it. Okay deed indeed and I think if you type in I want to be your Canary a final fantasy podcast. Not that there's a whole lot of those out there. But if you type that into Google we we're popping up now. So look at that. Look at that. We're rolling. So you guys better watch out. All right, so just release that you should play this interested to see what people think about that kind of excited to hear how that goes. But today we are back on with our main quest. We're not on our side. Question anymore, which ironically is what we're talking about tonight. That's right talking about a little side quest action talking about side quests in Final Fantasy because we believe that there is going to be well, I believe this I'm curious what you guys think I believe that there is going to be Final Fantasy 15 level type Like questing in Final Fantasy 7 remake based on a single screen shot that I saw that had a bunch of side quests available. I don't know if you guys saw that I did indeed see that. I have not I am trying to you know me stay as far away from a lot of that stuff as I can just so I can see it fresh. But Ross. What did you think of it? Well, not only that we see the screenshot but you know, I mean we've been already talking back and forth about the The size of this game it's not a small game. So if we really are staying with in midgar for this first episode, I mean, they got to fill it up with something and that something has to be side quests. Yeah. I think that you're probably right somebody also released a think it was like the back at the game and it was like a Korean back of a Final Fantasy 7 remake. I don't know how that got out or That got out but it said that it was 100 gigs of game. So I saw some people say that that was in scooter. You probably have a better idea when it comes to this but it's a lot of people said it was just uncompressed. Yeah, Rob video file. Yeah, right well video or textures or things that will you know, take up a lot of memory, but the video files would be the big ones for sure. Yeah. So still a hundred gigs is Is that's that's good chunk of change right there. Yeah, it's going to be a highly if anything a highly detailed game. Yes. Yeah, if nothing else it will be detailed by going back to it Ross. So yeah, I think that there's there's got to be a lot of space there to fill up. But before we talk too much about that, let's just kind of stroll down memory lane and talk about maybe some of those old side quests with the idea. Of ultimately the question I want to answer is what do we think about Final Fantasy 7 remake having a lot of side quest and do sidequest. Does that fit a final fantasy? Does that fit the final fantasy series or is that as something that is doesn't belong in the series based on kind of what we think. Ross you want to do you want to take a stab at that? Yeah. There's there's which questions you would you like me to tackle first. That was a series of questions. Let's let's talk a little bit about some of the earlier games and side quests or lack thereof. I don't know that I can really think of too many Deep Side Quests until we really got to the PlayStation 1 in Final Fantasy 7. So you want to talk a little bit about that? So I mean going back to the original Final Fantasy 7. I mean you have obviously the golden saucer you have stuff like snowboarding. You have Chocobo racing you have even the squats in the gym. I think there's a plethora of side quests. And as you mentioned already going to the previous Final Fantasy iterations, there wasn't really that breadth of side quests available for gamers to try out. So I think definitely there is a Place for side quests in the Final Fantasy Realm I think at this point not even just Final Fantasy fans, but gaming fans in general expect it expect they're sort of be some hidden things for them to find and Easter eggs. And I think yeah, I think sidequest is just going to only add the experience and also again going back to what I said about bang for your buck. Not only from the the memory standpoint, but I mean if there really are going to split us up the two games the only way they're going Able to create more content Force without altering. The story is through side quests. Yeah scooter. What do you think on seven or just yeah. Yeah, let's just start on 7 and kind of because that's where the birth of a lot of these sidequest. I feel like came from yes. I again I can barely hear Ross. But I imagine we're going to Echo some of the same things it it was. Yeah. He like bro said it was absolutely full of them many games or side quests which ever you wanted. It had tons. So I got to say the first time I played the game. I did kind of find myself getting sidetracked just you know, getting stuff or we're trying to complete some of them which is kind of fun. But it does add to the game time that you're going to play. I mean, I don't know what really to say about seven. The biggest one that I remember is obviously the Chocobo raising to get Knights of the Round. Yeah, see and I guess I'll add one more thing and calling it. I think you and I have at least talked about this on up. All three of us have talked about this before not at the listen to our own podcasts, but I would even consider like the the characters that you find along the way and in some ways those are side quest when you get the Fe when you get Vincent, I'd those aren't necessarily required parts of the Final Fantasy 7 story. So I think those Our two side quest and I think those are some of the funnest Parts is stumbling upon characters that you may or may not find otherwise. Yeah, which I always really enjoyed. Yeah, like yuffie right finding her in the forest. Yeah, because I remember playing that part of the game not having a guide in coming across that going. Oh, whoa, that's kind of a cool way to meet a new team member or enemy. I guess it wasn't guaranteed either. I mean you'd have to answer the series of questions correctly or whereever. I heard. What Wade actually go along with the side quest? Yeah, I mean you Fe the like you said you had to do that in a certain order really and kind of like scooter and I were talking about in our last episode of the you should play this, you know, this was a time. The PlayStation era especially was a time where you really were relying on Prima game guides and that was something like you kind of had to have and some of these Quest for really kind of like those game guys were vital or else you were just going to be, you know, taking stabs in the dark for a lot of stuff that was going to be really frustrating. So, you know, this is kind of a time that are aware. It's like those those game guys were really necessary and I think that look no further than the side quest with yuffie when you have to answer those, you know series of questions. In the exact right answer and there was a few of them. There's like four or five or six questions that you had to nail. Yeah, now know it was it was you know, it was a good good Quest because it was a useful character to at times but I'm just trying to think of other big ones in that. I know that the bone Village and like exploding minds or digging or something in that one. Right? I mean there is a lot of like little I guess sometimes I conflate what I believe are minigames and what are Religious I'd ask you then. Yeah, it's like lines are blurred. Yeah, I mean 7 has a lot of like mini games and stuff. I think I definitely take like a me and Ruby as more of a side quest and like the Coca but she's me the Chocobo breeding is like a mix of minigame and a little bit of side quest. But yeah, there's think there's a lot of like kind of sidequest minigame esque, you know stuff going on in that in seven in particular, but I don't think it has like many questioning like I excuse me side questioning like if you were to take a look at what they do and like 11 and 14 and what they did in 15 for sure that I would agree with that. Yeah. No. Yeah. No, I mean it does tie a bit more into the story that way but Yeah, I'm just trying to you know, rack my brain for other stuff and seven. Well gosh, you can like the mix between minigames and side quests. I mean the tower defense is a perfect example that because I mean greater the first time you play is just a minigame, but then later on the game find out. Oh, I can actually get to summon from this it turns into a side quest. Yeah, I remember, you know, it's one of the many games / Sy question you're getting Phoenix as a summon you to do that. Our defense. Oh, right. Yeah and and that area but there there there wasn't a whole lot of like real deviation from the storyline. I felt like and that's kind of where I think I draw the line most between side quests that I see in games like Skyrim and you know side question like in 15 and other games where I really like Emmy and Ruby Were you know, their ultimate weapons, you know, they had to do kind of with with the main cannon with that kind of main story chocobos as well. It wasn't like fetch questi. Like I'm just doing this for experience, you know our goal sure or whatever. Yeah, yeah, I guess yeah, I'd agree with that. So what would you so would you consider like a side quest because I think this is where we're going to get with the Final Fantasy 7 remake a side quest that feels kind of I mean, you're just you're going out doing some errands Etc kills bad. He's not necessarily tied directly to the story line. But say I think in seven it's going to get you different types of Area may be different weapons may be different equipment that will help you along the way in the main story. Is that what do you still constitute as like a more of a mini game type of thing or more of a fetch Quest type of thing or is it true? Is it an actual impactful side quest Yeah, I mean, I guess it kind of depends on the length. And also what are you doing? Like in order to get Omni? / you have to sit in the battle arena for sixty four thousand points. So the length of that is going to be dramatic, but really what you're doing is no more than just, you know repetitious stuff now, yeah, I think that you know doing the the legwork to get you know set weapons is that's all like, I'm I'm fine. That I like that. I think that that's fun in that appeals to my you know inner super nerd where it's like. Oh man. Well, I have to get this I want to see what it's like to have that I definitely have a lot less of that as an adult because sometimes I find myself at the end when I'm getting towed towards the end of the games like I just want to see how this thing ends rather than having a having a Max this thing out like, you know, twelve-year-old 13 year old 14 year old me was all about no hundred percent in the game and getting every single weapon but like in 10, it's like I don't really feel the need to get all of that now because like wall just I can just win anyway. Yeah, so yeah, it was a different game for sure. Yeah, so it's I felt I felt like seven had more minigames stuff. Some of the side questing was relevant more relevant to the story. I felt but I also felt like they were able to incorporate more that side questing stuff because they didn't have like a hundred fifty sidequest didn't have everybody asking you to go find you know three, you know, Chocobo. Others in you know, this like desert way off or whatever, you know, I'd I didn't feel like that's the stuff that annoys me that I really don't like is just well, here's just your something to just go do it like just go do this and it is clear that it's like, okay. Well, it's a nice experience game. It's a nice gold game, but I really I mean, what is it? What does it bring to the story has really bring anything? Sure. You're just doing something for somebody and it's just a way for Hours to get dropped into a game. Yeah, just fetch quests. Yeah, so I mean, so I guess I go back and forth a little bit. So I'm right there with you guys. I can only had take so much of fetch quests, but then so so we use Skyrim is one example another example that we I mean, I've not ever use this to compare Final Fantasy too, but I think I like Grand Theft Auto where you get more character development in the side characters of maybe aren't crucial the actual story, but you learn more about the character these characters that you do care about this. There's not as integral to the main story as say a cloud would be in Final Fantasy 7. I think there's potential for that and the Final Fantasy 7 remake, especially that we have new characters like this Chadley kid that we see with the side quests screenshot, but also I'm blanking on the name the mini antagonist that we see in this last trailer of the Remake itself So I think I think that part could be interesting. I'm curious to see if they do something like that rather than just the traditional get boring really quick fetch Quest type of sidequest deal. Yeah. I'm hoping that they don't just do that kind of like job dumped in in seven. Just you know quest to get you know, like I hope it's not like oh there's, you know, five bombs. Kids at the local playground we need you to go. Check it out. It's like yeah, like that's that's lame. I don't like that. But I ate was very similar. I felt like to 7 in the sense that I know scooter. You were looking at some like kind of nuanced things about that game. I remember, you know, ultimate weapons. I remember there were a lot of summons that you could find and that was a lot of fun, you know. Ember going to the giant cacti are and remember sitting in my, you know baseball uniform before a game you have like 250,000 HP and I'm like, uh got to beat him before I go play gotta go beat him before the game as you were grinding on that thing and he's at ten thousand needles. Oh goodness, but she's you know, I think that those sidequest, you know, we're more like Having to do with Final Fantasy the game rather than having to do with just like oh, well, you know go and do this little small thing. Oh, yeah, like I mean even Tom Berry or even Brothers when you unlock brothers and disc one at the yeah. I completely agree. Definitely more Final Fantasy than just your traditional fetch Quest go guys. Sorry. I can't hear Ross still but for eight yeah, it was more about going and getting the GFS. There was a few tiny like side quest he stuff szell's love quests with that girl with the pigtail one. There was the deep sea Research Center, but I think that was to get Bahamut or something to and then the one that I don't remember doing though. I might have done it but the old Bell Lake or obal lake. Jake is I'm reading it here. Now. It's a Hidden Lake or something player may attempt to Solve the Riddle to win a few special items such as the luck scroll in three stars, which are pretty good items if I'm not mistaken, so yeah, I mean in an obviously the big one and that was the card game. So yeah. Yeah, and that's certainly under that like, I guess you could make a side quest out of it, you know finding all of all of the, you know cards just like in nine. Where you know it wasn't like you could have an infinite amount of cards. It was you had to have a I think it was a hundred and it was like one of each and you know, like goal to find each one which was kind of question itself with you know, but within the Mini-Game, right? Yeah and you know Blitzball hunts, you know, we all see those as you know, there's a lot of minigame stuff in early final fantasies where where the big shift is and I don't think that it's any mystery of the what a-what a side quest looks like in Final Fantasy 15 comparative to kind of what we're talking about in these earlier Final Fantasy games in 15. It's a lot of fetch Quest stuff. It's a lot of going, you know, this, you know monsters harassing so-and-so at this area go find you know this and that and go kill this monster and that's that's the stuff. I think that while I like Ross said in Skyrim, you know in Skyrim. I think it works. I think it's great. But one of the problems I have with Skyrim also was I would get so bogged down into sidequest. It's like well, where am I in the story? I am giving you have 200 hours of side quests. yeah, so yeah, just two mothers are so just so deep into it that it's like yeah, I've heard from several people. They didn't finish 15 for that exact reason and it can I mean it's it can be a detriment to the game. I guess, you know is where you just start to lose the focus to finish it. But yeah, I guess it's just a different way of instead of mini games and that you know, you got a ton of side quests. Yeah and kind of what you were saying about the losing focus, I guess losing even desire is that You know, even in 12, I remember, you know, picking up 12 couple of times and just playing it super hard like going hard and doing all the hunt you oh man hunt hunt hunt you're doing and then you just kind of get like a burnout like it's like okay why you know, I've played the game like so much that regardless what I do next. It's going to kind of be the same thing, which is I think something that you got to be careful about when you do too many side quest at as not only Player, but as a programmer to because of ultimately it's the same engine you're doing the same thing. And if you just pump somebody with too many side quests it get it comes to a point where it's like, okay. Well, I mean sidequest remain story. It's going to be it's just going to be a little bit different content. Yeah, I would agree with you there. I think it's hard to find a fine line. But apparently it seems for for quite a few people 15 had too many so Russ would you think about 15 and I'll sidequest it's kind of I was definitely along the same lines is what scooter is saying like those people that just were got stuck on the side quest and didn't finish. I didn't finish 15, but it was more than just the side quest for me. Honestly. The characters didn't really excite me that much but this side question help either that I completely agree. They'll more like fetch quests and then really add a lot to the game. My opinion and even the ones that did somewhat just it still is like compared to lead to its predecessors Final Fantasy 15. Just I didn't think did as good of a job. And I mean we could gush we go down a bunny trail here that might have been just because they're trying to go a little bit of a safer route after what I would consider one of the worst final fantasies Final Fantasy XIII. But yeah, that's all I'll leave it there that just might a quick two cents I think that Todd I got your point in 15 and it was in part because of the side quest where it was like I'm not going to finish this game if I just don't go now like yeah, I just need to just need to do it in Final Fantasy 15 was funny because it was like for the first six or seven chapters or whatever. It was like open-world open-world open world and then it was you'd like go to get to a point where it's like it just Railroads you so all of the sudden it's like all gasp. No brakes. You're going to finish this game and you're going to be true. So yeah, I 15 was it just you know, you can have too much of a good thing Having side quest is awesome for you know, getting weapons and for advancing lore and for advancing the story, but if you just do it like gratuitously just side quest for the sake of Of having side quest that's when it becomes for me an issue of like, okay, we're taking away from the story and now we're just like throwing out bogus content just it's I don't know it can seem cheap if you do it the wrong way. Yeah, Dan scooter. I'll give you I'll give you the floor. I don't want to but I don't have something to chime in with after you're done. I heard I heard my name but twice ago, he's a go ahead and talk about oh, I mean in 15, I mean, yeah, I know. I mostly agree with you guys Sarah. It seems like the team was trying to lead the game in a New Direction. But yeah, apparently it's not not as well received. So we shall see if they continue to flood us with them. And the Remake? Yeah, and you know what we've talked about kind of maybe ad nauseam maybe to this point. Is that Cutting Room floor stuff. They have a great opportunity to really Advance a lot of that lore and put into the game maybe stuff that they would want to put in but couldn't maybe necessarily find where the you know, where to fit in at sciquest. He does you gives you You that Avenue and provides that medium for you if you choose to take it. So that's one thing that I know. I'm hoping that they that they do and then like I said don't just do the gratuitous, you know side quest for side quests sake where it's just like go do this useless thing that really doesn't, you know, maybe I'm just being picky and wanting at all, but that's kind of how I feel. No II agree that I think like in gosh. I feel like I'm just picking on Final Fantasy 15 years. I'm sure there is instances of this and other final fantasies, but like so even like the fetch Quest e type of missions with or side quest with other final fantasies. It's still like included things I cared about so like if there was a fetch Quest I had to do something around the equipment or like Materia and Final Fantasy 7 or weapons. Even though if it's fets quite questi fetch questi. Pardon me. It's still like I still find measly enjoyment out of it because I get something that I want in the end but like in 15 like the cooking for example, like I guess I in my mind that counts as a side quest that I didn't I couldn't care less about the cooking. I did not find that ball in play until didn't tell you get a couple of good recipes and cooking is what I heard. Yeah. It doesn't matter too much but there are some rest. He said change the game for sure you become Unstoppable if you eat a certain meal basically and I just I just couldn't get there. I just dislike. That was an okay. I will defile say 15s defenses. They became a lot better for what you're saying as far as beneficial to the party at the end of the game if you beat the game and then you started doing like gosh it wasn't Relic. Weapons I forget what they called them in this game, but it was sure it wasn't like it relics or something but it's not the ones in the story. It's beyond that it's like the ultimate weapons for each weapon category and I came you could get you had a quest each one to get one, but man they were worth it. And then there was the legendary fishing. If you did that then you can make those less true musician was fishing was good. I mean, yeah. So that it all kind of related that way and then there was one other thing. I'm forgetting that you quested equipment wise. Oh the the black robe. That's right. That was my favorite part of the game for sure. But that was at the very end. You had to beat everything and then you can go get it. Well, it's like yeah at the very at the very end. Like what's the point? I want to become Orlando before the end of the game not after they get yeah well and it will here's another thing is that a lot of people didn't even know the car flies in that camera. Which opens up so much more. So yeah, I think that kind of what Ross was saying and I agree with and you know, it's like if I beat the game and then it's like, oh well go and do all this stuff afterwards. Now it opens up these side quest for being able to do this after the facts like well, I've already beat the game like the main evil has been driven out. What what do I save the world to do? Yeah, what do I need to do? Like Why do I need to do that? Like I like I don't like post game like go and get this after the fact because I really feel like it's disingenuine because it's like well, why do I even need this like I couldn't get it beforehand. Why am I getting it afternoon just to go and harass like these, you know magitek soldiers and you know, let him know. Hey you thought I was strong before Look At Me Now. Yeah, like I'm Not Who Am I impressing? Well, I agree. I mean, I think it was a interesting way to kind of present the game but they could have done better. Yeah it I guess it just didn't flow. Well as far as the pacing of the side quests and that one. Yeah. Yeah. It just seemed like it was it was a lot and especially for the first time it was presented by a final fantasy. I think that I mean serious like Real Deals Skyrim World of Warcraft Level side questing like everybody's got a side quest for you. And I guess that I expected more than Square Enix gave us I expected it to be more tied to like specific lore and more about the game rather than like that fetch Quest he stuff like, you know Ross and you know, we've been talking about but it just kind of was like, well, you know, I mean I had some cool stuff. Tough for sure. I was safe. This is a safe bet it was just kind of okay at best. I felt like you We're kind of I'm going to rain this in here a little bit. We've been talking about 15 for far too long. If I'm not mistaken. We have a remake to talk about nauseam until it actually releases in the April or whenever. Yeah, that's that's the rumor now, I guess if you know, what do we want side questing to entail in Final Fantasy 7 remake. I know I talked about a little bit but what is it that you guys want from? Mama this side questing like reward material story. Like what is it? That's the most important thing for you guys to get out of this adds an easy answer hats. What is it hats? How hats every time? Yeah. That's the answer just go. Yeah, just a fun hat. That's why I sidequest. You know, what can I answer now, I guess. Yes, it's a quote the great Freddie Mercury. I Want It All I Want It All I want the Materia. I want the equipment. I want the weapons but also also along with all those things. I want there to be added lower. I think again like we've talked about in previous episodes about this remake all these characters are beloved. It's not just Cloud Strife, it's Tifa, it's Barrett. It's thread 39. It's Vincent all those characters. I want to know more. About them and dive into their lore and the world that surrounds them. So I think I think these sidequest can easily do that. They don't just have to be fetch Quest E. I think this is a very strong cast of characters and among the strong. I think I mean, we're not saying anything that's mean groundbreaking here. We know this is one of the best casts any Final Fantasy game. So why not use that to your advantage and really doubled down on each of their lore Yeah, I mean I would eat I like that. I think that you know reaching into the you know bag of tricks. That is the lure is a safe way to go. It'll be curious to see what they do because you know, what? Can you do are they going to introduce new weapons? You know, do they have a are they how true are they going to stay to? I guess the original because it's like are they going to add in like new accessories a new? Ooh armor any any of the stuff that I've seen so far as far as Weaponry goes for a cloud in particular. It's like okay, I recognize that sword. I recognize that sword. There's the nail bat but there's never been a the you know, like something that I haven't recognized which makes me think like well is the is the side quest going to have to do with like yours is some material or here's some weapon or hear Is it going to require me to do the side quests in order to get these new weapons? I just curious to see how it's going to play out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean part of me hopes that it is kind of a seamless transition. I mean, but then again the whole idea of a side quest, you know, yeah, I don't I don't know do we prefer the old you know on the rails kind of game like you're saying or do you want just the Skyrim style? It's yeah, right. I don't know. It would be tough. I think for you to take Final Fantasy 7 and even in 2020 say I'm not like I I'm okay with them putting it on the rails more so than like in staying true not getting to you know, I don't want to do like 60 hours in you know, Sector 9 or whatever, you know doing all of these quests like I just Just I would rather it be you know, a few sidequest. I think that's cool. Get some like legit stuff. Get some some good Lords get some good like information that it's relevant to the game. Maybe it's relevant to Shinra. Maybe it's relevant to midgard in the slums or or you know arathor, you know, Tifa or Barrett or whatever something where it's like, oh snap like that's pretty cool. I didn't know that now that I'm glad that Did the side quest now I can talk to my friends about how you know Barrett, you know used to you know, play point guard and bass you don't basketball in high school or whatever, you know, some some dumb thing like that when he had two hands. Yeah when he well when he had two hands that's true. So like that kind of stuff I think is certainly worth it. But another thing that I kind of Dov I'm curious about is you know, lots of side questing is kind of an experience grind. You know, how do you mean well it's like you do side questing and how often is it? Like you're going to get rewarded with experience in conjunction with the experience that you're going to gain doing God knows what beating, you know, whatever enemies, you know, a lot of those sidequest earn experience grind. And so you're going to probably level a lot, right? Yeah. Yeah, so it kind of brings me back to the how is this game going to address leveling over in episodic release? Is it going to surpass the level 99 barrier? Is it going to be like I am on disc three and I'm level 240 and it's all scaled appropriately very well. Could I mean, you know, I think it was what? Oblivion Ross that did that in Skyrim to wear it scales no matter what level you are. Yeah. No, I mean they can do that. It's just math formulas, but I have no idea how it will across episodic content. Like you're saying my guess would be that it's going to be like it was back in the day you pop in a new disk and your you go same thing. Yeah. I hope yeah, that's what I'm hoping to and I Man that is going to be when it gets into the open world in particular just like thinking of all of the different things that you could do. It's like man, they have a lot of opportunity for just big-time side questing in every town. Okay, but I have a real question for you guys. Do you think they're going to release seven and an open world? I am not so confident that they will but I could be wrong. Maybe it's already been proven at it is I haven't looked like I said, so well, I mean the original Seven is like we've talked about it's kind of that photo open world where it's like you have the it's like you can go other places but you but you can't all the same like if you want to get to the next area when you leave midgard then you go to calm. Once you after you go to calm then you have to go to Jin and I think and then from there we have two, you know, so it's kind of like well, you know, you could wander all over the map if you want, but realistically you're not moving to the next destination until you get now. Yeah. Sorry, I guess my point was do you think there's actually going to be a world map or are they going to do the midgard thing where they give us these slices of little story towns things, you know, like like will calm even be in this year. Aries you know what? I mean? It's an insignificant location will be in the series. Yeah, I think it will be will be in the first episode. I don't know. I'm probably not. Yeah, it's all happening within midgar, but I don't think that they would just chop out an entire town and calm was relatively insignificant in the scheme of things, but I don't know. Yeah, I know. Yeah, it'll be it'll be fun to see what they do. Yeah, it will be so it's just going to be interesting. See if they ba get down with side quests because I mean yeah, I don't know. It's I guess the question is going to be how how true they going to say to the original story. How much are they going to add to the original story? And then how much are they going to supplement the entire game with side quest and what I really hope they do is I hope they add to the story keep sidequest at not a minimum, but at an appropriate level where it's like not every time that I come back to town. Down there six sidequest waiting for me. Like I want them to be relevant. I want them to be specific. I just I don't want to get burned out doing 30 hours of fetch questing so I can get the, you know, final heaven or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, so I hear ya Ross. Will you think completely agree? No, I think I mean everything that you just said. Honestly wouldn't add much to it. I'd like I can I can think back to certain final his games where it's like you come back to town. There's like there's like it's almost like you just sigh just when you see there's six to ten new side quest in the board and it's like I don't want to do them, but the fact it's like reading your email almost. It's like I don't want to read through my email but it's gonna bug me that they're sitting in there if I don't read them. So yeah, I'm gonna go do them and then it's like it again and again and again and just It becomes like a chore to do the things I don't want to feel like a chore. I want to look forward to uncovering more facts about the Final Fantasy 7 World by doing these Quest. So yeah. Yeah, and I wonder how they look when they looked at Final Fantasy 7. I wonder how they looked at it when they looked at side questing and they said well, you know, we could just, you know have all of this, you know stuff get dumped into here, but It would I don't know. I am not a game developer either. So me as a fan who says it just is kind of cheap to do that may not be the feeling in the industry. It may be what we feel like this really adds value and playability to our games. But I just wonder how they took a look at it and said, well we'll just do the story and then just like give it a bunch of side quest and We'll be happy but it just doesn't really that's not that's not the vibe that I'm getting from everything that I'm seeing about this game. It really seems like they everything that they release you just go. Wow. Holy smokes. That is that is so cool. What a great idea man. How neat is that? There's not a whole lot of things that I've seen where I'm like questionable. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm just going to say you were the one that bought it heck. Yeah. That's right. You know what when Comes out I'm gonna be playing it like crazy. I hope you guys come up love a slumber party. Well by it too just in about a month. Yeah, maybe it's all sold out. Maybe I got the last one. I'm sure they're happy to make money off of me. Maybe I'll just go down to scooters and I'll like bring everything and we'll make a pillow fort with are you going key and she loves those that's you might that bring bring fake monkey into it. She hates that she hates picnic. So yeah, I guess kind of to kind of loop this all back start closing it up. And it sounds like we were all a little disenchanted with Final Fantasy 15 like the side question. I mean, but it got to a point where it was like, okay. Yeah, I will agree. It was it did drag up but I will say that if You got to the end. There was some really cool stuff there. But yeah, not always worth it to just mindlessly grind, you know it in that being said open world. It kind of depends. Also, if you're like getting railroaded kind of like you do in Final Fantasy, you know, seven eight nine ten twelve. That's a lot different. It's a lot different to have side quests in those to the magnitude that you do. Do in an open world and open world idea facilitates a lot does a lot better job than silicate that it does but to its detriment as well, you know, yes. Oh, so I guess what it comes down to is is Final Fantasy 7 likes it going to be an open world or is it going to be more railroad? He you know, go to point A to point B to point C and that's how you advance the game rather than well. You can go screw around for however long And and do this that and the other thing and you know, white 60,000 CAC tours before you know, okay, so, you know on this point real quick, I will say I think what will change that if they keep it the same as 15 and just and make a remake of seven like it was what will change that fact why I don't think a lot of us will get sidetracked this time is because the story matters so much more in this game than 15. Yeah. In story did not hook any of us. I think we all agreed that point is that it just fell flat and we all are invested in seven one way or another because we're Fanboys or whatever and we played it before and we loved it. But because of that fact we're going to play all the way through I bet so we won't get sidetracked nearly as easy. If it is an open-world seven Ross agreed. I think like even like even like stuff that's like insignificant really to the Like I'm thinking the cross-dressing seen in seven. It's like I look forward to that interaction. It's like I'm looking forward to it and seven. Now. They've really like we talked about in the previous episode how they've taken a whole new spin on it. Like I'm excited to see that so even though it's not really all that big of deal to the main plot of seven. Like I want to experience that and so to get there like I know that I need to progress through to a certain sport point and keep moving forward. word in the story to get there Yeah, and I think that's a great point that you and Scoot actually bring up that I hadn't really thought about is one. Like you said scooter that the story in Final Fantasy 7 is just so much more gripping and such a better story even in its infancy like right away. You're like, wow, this is like at the beach at him ya know the opening chapter. I think that's why they wanted to do it is because it is so I mean, it's it's great. Yeah. I think it's just a good movie. And it's a good game is going to you're going to want to progress the story and not be you know, the side quests are just that they're sidequest there something to do on the side, but you want to play the main story and Ross. I think like what you're saying there knowing what's ahead it's like man. I want to get to that scene. I don't want to get bogged down doing all this nonsense on the side. It's kind of like when I the first time I played The Last of Us you guys play Add that mmm. Yeah, and so I mean I got to a point where I was like, I like I have to know how this game is going to end. This is such an awesome game that I was just like blowing through levels. Like I don't care about that. I don't care about that. I'm not checking that room. I don't care and that was such an intense and such a great story that it was like I just want to know what happens. But yeah, but that's a good point. It's like that's why you wanted to finish the game is yeah. So yeah, I think that will save this one. If they do flood it, but we'll see ya. It's going to be interesting because like you like you and Ross just I think you just made great points about Final Fantasy 7 stories going to carry is going to carry the player through the main content and and hopefully not get sidetracked with some other, you know content or get too bogged down by it and the anticipation like Ross said the anticipation of you know, like I know the scenes coming up and I really want to see what this scene is. And so I you know, I got to hustle to get there and I really hope that you know, I feel that I really hope that I get pulled. I hope it's not like oh this is this is kind of weak and not really it does the whole UNIF real thing and 15 real like why do I care about you? Yeah. Yeah, and I think that that also goes back to the oh World thing where it's like, you know, I'm sitting in the open World grinding on these for so many hours on the side quests that it's like oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I gotta go. Yeah to this. Oh, yeah, I forgot about that and what am I doing? Like what's exactly what's going on the story again? Like, you know, it kind of gets hazy. It kind of gets a little fuzzy. You're just like, yeah. I kind of remember what's going on. Yeah, so, yep. Yeah, but what I will see we'll see how it goes. I hope I yeah, I think the story hopefully will carry it. But I just hope that they don't do like Ross says going into a town. You got a bunch of stuff and it's like well jeez, I don't want to do this but like unread emails like I got it. I just got to clear them out. Like I just got to get it done. Take care of. My area. All right. So before we do Wrap, let me just ask you guys both this your most memorable sidequest from the series Rosco had not from the suit like any final fantasies. Any Final Fantasy. Geez, man. We gotta open with that. That's a that's a big question. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but did any just like spring to your mind that you remember? My mind automatically goes to minigames and we're not going to include many games in this so far enough all the vertical and I would say the biggest one was Emmy and that was in part because I remember you only had 20 minutes to beat her if you didn't have the cash. What was the that Jewel that you had to have he'll get what it was but you had to like go and morph one. The one of the bad guys he did like st. Elmo's Fire whatever his I forget what his name was but I remember cash. I can't remember exactly what it was. But you had to morph him. He turned into like a book or something. Then you had to trade that for this. I don't know exactly what it was. I wish I would research this beforehand, but then it allowed you to breathe underwater and then once you were able to breathe underwater then then it was you know, you don't have that 20 minute time limit to try and beat Emmy and you know, you were so reliant on Knights of the Round to do it a nice the realm such a long summon, you know, you knew Knights of the Round you had to and then you and my miss my man my man and then it's like, you know, you just you couldn't do it in time because you know, 20 minutes wasn't long enough in conjunction with trying to make sure everybody stayed alive, but I The gratification that I got after doing all of that to be able to get to fight an enemy and then beat at me that the the satisfaction of beating Emerald weapon. I would say surpassed the what you got from it, which I think you got the three Master materias something like that because I think you be gave you that I think Ruby gave you the the gold chocobo or it's the other way around but I just remember the satisfaction of being Emerald weapon. I just I felt like a rock star. It's like I might as well just show up to middle school that day and was like, what's up like bow to me you peasants bring it up bring it on. Yeah Ross you want to take another stab at it now that I've given you a little bit of fodder. Yeah. I'm thinking about it. I'm trying to think, you know, this the one that comes to mind, which I think it's just a little low. Cluster but you know it's more than just a logic than anything. So as you as everyone knows not just as you to know Final Fantasy Tactics is my favorite Final Fantasy. Yeah, and I love those sidequest. I mean going into taverns like that's so Dungeons and Dragons that just like it feels right that's weird side quests are supposed to be born out of but the side quest that gets you both Beowulf and Reese. I love that side quest for some reason. I don't know why it might be because Bill wolf is my favorite character in the game. I just yeah, I don't know. Honestly, I think that psychic was is relatively maybe it wasn't that short. Maybe it was like five battles or something which five battles and Final Fantasy Tactics is like not a long time something breaks out of your life. But yeah, I don't know for some reason dragons. Yeah, no kidding, but it added to the story you get two characters out of it. It's born of a Tavern the way side quest should be as one of the things it's kind of random the the side quests in tactics feel very random and not fetch Quest e but like they don't matter a whole lot of first and then you end up finding these characters along the way like the olefin and re so yeah I just yeah I know that one for some reasons always stuck with me yeah that is good Final Fantasy Tactics does have a lot of good ones what about you scoot I mean the Classics for me that instantly always stand out or getting the gold chocobo in seven and then the other one and I think we've decided this might be a game but it is a quest it the one that always stands out that I just hate and love so much is that Thunder planes and Kendall trying to get Lulu's also sure favorite school I can't I can't tell you how many times I came so close and then you just like throw the control after Chasm yeah I love hit that's my favorite oh Ma'am yeah there's there's definitely some memorable quests and their side question there are certainly some that just like yours like I never need to do that again yeah but yeah I think that I think that's seven will do it'll do a good job I hopefully does a good job I'm excited to see where it takes us I'm excited to see what it does I mean Lord knows that I'll be like looking for that lure in those side quests so yeah it's gonna be good I mean hopefully they'll be good you bought it right baby you'll try so from Carl's now that it is I'm gonna just say it's good yep just so I don't have to eat crow just just convince yourself yeah well if it's if you know whatever I don't even care it's very cold It's gonna be awesome. No worried about it. But oh, yeah, it's good stuff. Good deal. Hmm. All right. Well, I think we got something to look forward to as far as those sidequest go Final Fantasy 7 remake is coming up in just a little less than probably six weeks were probably at the six week Mark. So yeah. Yeah, we're we're rapidly approaching I can't believe how quickly it's how quickly it's coming. It's wild. I know that there were a lot of people who thought well no, it's going to get delayed and delayed and delayed until 2023 which we've had one delay, but month delay doesn't really seem you know, kind of seems like that might just be tidying up the last, you know, tying the last strings together rather than we haven't finished this whole chapter and now we need to Yeah, wild anything else boys. Nope. The thing is that time broth think it's that time. Hey, if you are listening and you have some input and what you think about this side questing business hit us up on at Canary podcast that is on Twitter at Canary podcast follow us leave us a comment, you know interact with us. We like to interact. I'm with people do my best to interact with everybody sometimes I'm do better than others depending on the content that's posted if I didn't relate to it but yeah I would love hearing from you and tell all your friends tell the world tell the world tell the world tell the world until outer space till all the underdeveloped planets and develop planets and Star Ocean yeah make it happen so is that all she wrote boys I all right well it's been real it's been fun it's been real fun