And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became And and then they wasn't really a team for us to play on so we meeting a great too and he being great three join the great 16 and we were lucky enough. That's kind of where it all began. And then as We Grew Older we Jackson was a big bull Dan and Jackson. They recruit a lot of guys from Tony Adams Elementary School, which was great and then my dad kind of picked up a couple kids here and there and then we formed a team and we weren't really great at the beginning but we the cool thing with our team was at like week. We stuck together and like as we got older we Sy like people started to come to us, like keep people from can't fill and people from Smith Falls and we started adding pieces to the team that we've been building and yeah, it was honestly really special run. We had like me and Jackson and everyone on that team like we were always together we're reminiscing about those memories and how you know, like so many so many good times together. And yeah, that's kind of where it all began and and then a now now here we are. So yeah, awesome anything to add Jackson know that that's what I mean. Yeah, that was an unreal team and it's fun thing. I've been looking back on all those memories. I'm sure hopefully some of us laugh some good men's league tournaments together coming up in the middle in the future for sure Jackson John just talk about what it was like not just playing with Connor growing up but like also competing and you're both so driven to be like the best versions of yourself. Yeah, for sure. I mean, it's just having guys like that. On the team. I think we had a bunch of people on the team who just wanted to be the best. They could be a basketball and a lot of us knew that it just like it's not it's not going to last forever and we especially in our last year. I think realize that we did we only had so many runs at it. And we all just kind of stepped it up. And I mean the way that we work together our chemistry and just having played with each and every one of them for so long. You didn't build this kind of bond on the court where you close your eyes, you know where everyone is and everyone knows where you are and is it was a it was an The if it's an experience that I think we were really lucky to have and not many people get to have playing with people like that for so long for sure. So now everybody listening at home Connor Kelley is playing for the Bishops Gators men's basketball program who just won the Quebec division, so they are seq championships last weekend. So Jackson you are so I can tell you want to tell us a little bit about the ups and downs your teams have this season and that final moment of Triumph that came in the last one second of the fourth quarter. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no for sure. So like it definitely wasn't easy this season for anyone that doesn't know like we actually in the regular season we finished up eight eight. So it's not like, you know, we were dominating the icq. We had a lot of tough battles and almost every game came down to the wire and we buy the other season. We just started clicking. So we're actually we were five and eight and then we won the last three games and those last three games like the thing started click in like the we had a week the last week of regular season we Thursday and Saturday game and we played really like that week was a great week. We started to come together started click, which was great. Comment came to the playoffs and had to go on the road and be Concordia where we lost last year. So that was very motivating for us and we came out and and upset Concordia, which was great and then how it worked out we were the three seed so and you can was the four seed so we be upset Concordia new cam upset McGill. So we end up getting to actually the host the final which started in itself was just a crazy crazy experience and you spoke that into existence Connor. You said you said this on my podcast? Yeah months ago. You said we want to be in a situation where we're packing Mitchell gym, and they have to come to us and that is exactly what you did a hundred percent. It was so cool. Not like at six six o'clock. You do your shoot like I'm out there shooting and I'm seeing a line like up up top is a line my They got there around 6:15 and they're waiting in line for like 20 25 minutes. It's like and it was even crazy about that is that it's reading week here at Bishop. So that's not even most like that's all just people in the area and alumni is coming back to what like there wasn't there wasn't many students even here to like anyways, like it was crazy crazy environment. I think it was full capacity. So they're putting people aside like they can't could let people in. So anyway, so that was insane and then yeah, we it was a game that came down. Of the wire back and forth back and forth. And yeah, yeah, we could last 30 or actually maybe a bit of luck. Like I you can kind of say it was a bit of luck. We're down by three with 15 ish seconds, and I went up to the line and hit my first one then I actually miss the second one, but we got the rebound and we had possession the possession arrow. So we got the ball back on the inbounds and then a little scrambled play and we end up getting to one of our best Shooters in the corner. And he knocked it down and it was the gym. I've like I've never been in an attic environment like that. Like everyone just going crazy and I was such a cool such a cool moment for Bishops and for myself and yeah, it was yeah, I saw some photos of you looked pretty excited. Yeah, and then yeah one thing I want to actually say about that last play that's obviously going a little bit viral on the internet was that last pass that one extra pass that just goes to show one the level of intelligence your team has and in the concept of teamwork like at that point in the game with two seconds on the clock. Nobody would have judged that guy for taking that shot. But that extra pass that is so much maturity. So I don't know who that was. You make sure I eat tell him I said photos. Yeah for sure in the guy shot through the ball to I'll give him a little Shadow Joanna. He like it couldn't happen to a better better guy like, he's a guy he's a Forester guy. I'm like, I'm a second-year guy. So he's a great shooter. I look up to him and he's on the workaholic like he's always Is in the gym working working and it was really a cool moment for him and obviously for the team to so it was yeah, it was pretty special right here at Bishop. So very cool and Jackson so everybody at home Jackson plays for Calgary and they have you guys one can West correct? No, it didn't win Catalyst, but you still get the bid to Nationals. Yeah, we got the wild card. So why don't you tell us a little bit about the emotions that you guys are going through right now then so I mean start of this I mean basically up until Our last two games the regular season we were on a bit of a hot streak worth 18 and know going into it and ride the big win streak throughout the last couple of years and then we dropped one on the road to Alberto drop one at home to Alberta and that just kind of kind of took this a back like we just we haven't lost a game yet and it just kind of like we had to recover after that. And so then going into the playoffs we weren't ranked as higher as we wanted to be and we won the quarter-final Animals against us vs University of Fraser Valley and then we lost in the semis to UBC who ended up winning can West and so the last week. We just kind of leave instead. We are we've obviously been practicing. We've been scouting for Carlton and prepping as if we were gonna make it but we weren't sure I mean our fake kind of lied and other teams hands and and it's bit of a weird feeling. I think it's like it kind of a no man's land almost it's tough to stay focused and to stay like Like just ready and stay motivated, but we all I mean we thought we had a good week of practice last week. And today we had a good day of filming practice. And so I think we're pretty excited. We got a good shot at Carlton here. And I mean we obviously would have loved when can West but I think we like our spot and we like our chances against Carlton and the wind the wind the ship. Absolutely. So what is the this the team Dynamic? What's the sense going around the locker room right now heading into heading into Carlton's home, hometown. Such a big big tournament. I think we're all pretty Sykes. I think we're all I mean, this is a chance to take Carlton down in the first round in there like at home or at their home and I think that this having these two weeks to prep and having these two weeks like we just feel really ready for it. I think that how we played this past weekend's obviously when we cool the wind can West but I just don't think we would be as physically ready and as as mentally prepared and Like just almost motivated and like right in the palace. Like we haven't played a basketball game in two weeks now. So we're we're going to be pretty psyched to come out and hopefully give them a run for their money. That's an awesome perspective to have and I mean at this point, it's the only perspective to have you got to go in and you got to you got to be dogs in that game. Sure so Connor, why don't you talk just a little bit about how you guys are feeling you guys are heading to play UBC. Correct? Yes. Yeah, and that's Friday night at 6 p.m. I will be there. My tickets are purchased I guess, you know. Wait, yeah, thank you. So, yeah, so I did this to talk about we both died. So we yeah, we we just started getting like, you know watching film and getting ready for them today what we saw like, they definitely have some Talent like they got some some quote unquote like some big names right some some D1 transfers. They have some big bigger names are teams were more underdogs like right like I think just all their school and then we don't have any He big big recruits but I think we take pride in that and we were feeling we're feeling a lot like Jackson steamer feeling like confident, right? We won the last five games. We just won the icq championship. Like we're obviously UBC is they just one can West so they're going to be feeling pretty good. They have a lot of talents but you know, we're gonna have we're ready to have a good week of practice and and just enjoy the big stage and try to surprise some people too because I think the RC Q is is often lusts kind of you know, like I don't know if they down upon but now there's all I respect for the icq. I don't think so. I think if we go in there and we're going to try to you know, turn some heads and show there's some really good teams here in Quebec to so yeah, we're excited for the challenge and Jackson. Do you have any any little tips for Connor while we're doing this because considering you've played UBC course, we actually called the other night and again this can replace. All right. So you've already done that will keep it there. Leave it alone. Beautiful. This is what sports is all about. So we'll leave that there Connor. Why don't you just tell us a little bit? What does it mean for you specifically because I know I mean you and you and I have spent some time talking about our Journeys individually. So what does this National strip your first Nationals bid mean to you honestly Zog like so many emotions Came Upon me when like we won when I was like, it's something that no nothing. No one can take it away. From me now, right? Like you're a champion champ, right I get night. I feeling like I have my family in the crowd. Like I just I broke down and emotions like I in high school. I really I worked I thought I really worked hard and I thought I was going to be part of that first day Mary's team to make it to offset and I lost in the finals twice and I just I was heartbroken both times and coming to University. I just I really know I didn't you know in for some tough times here right like you get to this season's long you go through some tough games some tough stretches. And it honestly made it all worth it all the early mornings all the weight rooms. All the individual workouts. Like will not bother sounded weird Champs like that. It was it was so so made it all worth. It was really really special moment and something I'll remember for the rest of my life. So yeah, it was it was awesome and Jackson same question for you. I'm pretty psyched. I got to go as a redshirt last year and watch and just kind of like taking the whole experience and to get to I mean After losing that game the feeling of not maybe not getting to go to Nationals. The one year that will be in Ottowa during my University career. I was pretty down but you know thankful for a second chance and I'm ready to hopefully upset Carlton. It's like is my dream game and this is what I'll as a kid. I wanted to be Carlton and Ottawa when I was going to watch the sea is finally long time ago. So I'm pretty I'm pretty excited for sure. And obviously we don't want to look too far ahead you guys both Of monstrous first round opponents to get through but in theory how cool would it be for the two of you to you know, link up and have to play each other get minutes guard each other on these days come true man, if he crazy that I could even put that into words. Please act like that that that is that would be the ultimate like like moment like that would be that all like give me like, you know, me and Jackson and been at this together for forever now like this is this is something what we dreamed about and I like I'm so proud of him. I can't like I couldn't I couldn't imagine us having to check up like stage right on the biggest stage. We've been doing that since at st. Lawrence College, you know, like we have be crazy crazy to do that. Yeah, and how would you guys detach other up just not let each other shoot? That yellow Jackson you only go for I can't love my secrets out man. I'm not worried. They'll let me just say that it's all good. It's all love. That's what what are some of your like. What do you guys hope to get out of Nationals Jackson? I'll ask you first like what do you hope to get out of this experience regardless of the wins and losses and whatnot. But is there anything is there anything next level that you're trying to get out of this first NASA was experience. Yeah, I think win or lose for our In our goal really was to get to Nationals this year, obviously our end goal is to win it, but I think that having a team where everybody returns ensuring that we all I mean, hopefully we all get minutes. Hopefully we all get to just kind of experience what it's like to be out on that floor so that if the time comes next year where were even more prepared and we're even more ready and so I think it's a obviously we're here to win and we I'm really excited to get to play Carlton. I think this couldn't be set up in a better way for us to actually get to that final game. Game, but I think that overall our whole team really can benefit from this experience and dust from getting the feel of what it's like to be at the national championship and moving forward know what that's like encounter anything from you. Yeah, I think for myself like Bo Jackson hit on it earlier like you never know if we got this opportunity again. So for myself, like it being an Ottawa and for you know, one of my best friend's to be playing in the tournament as well. I just really like I just hope I soak it all in, you know, like just having people, you know, all my phone was blowing up people are telling me they already booked in their tickets, like it's, you know, getting to play in front of friends and family getting a no watch one of my best friends who grew up playing against play like just just trying to soak it all in and and realize that this has been something I've been dreaming about and now it's it's happening right? So I'm just you know, just yeah soak everything in is the biggest thing for me. What what does this mean for your families? Because I know that they've both I've been so engaged and so involved throughout your entire 10 years as basketball players. You go Connor? Okay. Yeah for me it was it was everything like they taste like I did after the game. Like I had a really nice moment with my dad and my mom and my sister was there too, but it's like but especially my parents like they've been there since like my dad, you know being a coach of mine like he just, you know getting my rebounds do he's been you know, get me into Jim's get helping me grow as a person and player and my mom just kind of being like the rock they know driving up to 2 tournament. Being my you know my support system. Like they've been through all the ups and downs with me and then to you know to finally be able to say I'm a champion and for them to be there and share that moment and now for them to be able to come to Nationals and and watch it was it's very it's everything. It's very special to me. So yeah, that's amazing Jackson. Yeah, I think I mean, I don't my dad text me after my game congrat. I mean, obviously we lost but he's texting me after the Dalhousie game congratulated me on getting the Go but I think he was even more excited when he saw like Connor got to go because it's just it's it's crazy that both of us are going to the same spot at the same time and for our dads who worked so hard with both of us and with blazers of the whole to get to see I think one of us going is it's pretty special but having the two of us go it's a whole other it's a whole nother thing and it's something that you're not sure it will ever happen again. And so just I think everyone is appreciating that and we're all by think. Both families are just very excited for truth to get to go and watch together. I get to the support. Yeah. Yeah exactly. Yeah, my yeah, my dad texted me the got sleeves together. He's been a huge part of my life vice versa with my dad and Jackson but like Dan's been following me this whole season and you know texting me like after games and just being like very supportive which is so cool. And like Dan has been a big part of my my journey to because like what people don't always know is like like my My Dad and Dan were coaching us for the Blazers, but they're also Vice like President and Vice President and of the Blazers. So like they had our coaching duties and they also had like to run like not oversee like all the teams right and have meetings and and try to help, you know, get everyone in any like what I'm trying to say that the sacrifices and the things that they did for me and Jackson like it's it's pretty special and I'm really happy that you know, like all the hard work they put Helping me in Jackson get to where we are. Like it's that it's all paying off for them to like it. Yeah, it's pretty special. Yeah, this is big. This is big for for our community for your families for you to for your for your school's it's just is a big it's a big thing you Sports Nationals the best State basketball teams of the country going head-to-head to find out who's Top Dog. You can't write this stuff. It's awesome. Cool. Very cool. So Jackson, what's your what are your final? No thoughts heading into Nationals. I mean, I think that first and foremost we got we want to deal with Carlton right away. You have to they're not, you know Carlton for you at home. They're they're too good of a team to lose later in the rounds, you know, once they taste blood it's over. So yeah, and I'll be honest really got to come in and punch him in the mouth. That's another reason that I like and the play them in the quarterfinals. But I think that they're I mean, they're just a different beast in the finals they step it up and they I mean they're always fantastic, but I think that Getting to play them early on and getting to play them before they get the feel of Nationals and everything. It's a it's a really cool opportunity for us to get to go to the next round. I mean we gotta we got to rebound the ball. We gotta keep them keep them off the Baseline and hopefully it'd be pretty pretty pretty cool to get to take them out at home in the first round. It's something that I've dreamed. I mean like I said before I've dreamed about beating Carlton at home in the in the what they used to be. The sea is finally like since I was a little kid shooting in the like tyke baskets and so this is something that this is like almost a dream come true for me and to win would really be what what icing on the cake one thing. I want to say right there before we go on to Connors final thoughts though is that you know what Jackson you have to you have to think that way like all the young kids. Are listening to this. I hope that you're inspiring them to have this big lofty dream because if you didn't have that you're not here right now. And if you aren't pushed that way maybe Connors not there right now either like this is this is very very cool. This is very full circle. Yeah. I'm sure you got to think it into existence and put in the work and it's it'll pay off. You just got to work hard 100% and Connor. What about your what's your final final message before heading to Nationals this weekend? Yeah. I like just I've I just want to live in the moment really like I think this is such a cool experience that you know all about to take place in than and and hopefully contribute with my team having some success and I'm just looking forward to it. Like I like to like my last kind of thoughts out just think like yourself like, you know everyone from Brockville who you know, like I was such a cool moment. So many people that has helped me get to where I am like just texting me after the game and like I so many people were part of I don't like speaking for Jackson. You were part of us getting to where we are now and like it's I hope as many people as they can can beat their and share this experience because you know, you never know like obviously me and Jackson and both hope will be back and I you know, I think it's a good possibility, but you just never know right? And it's it's the last one inaudible man. We got it brothels got a show out. Yeah, exactly. So you're like Yeah final thoughts just live in the moment. I'm looking forward to seeing some like brought so many people from Rockville and then In the stands and you know, hopefully me and Jackson will end up playing it seeing each other on Sunday as those are my those are my final thoughts. Yeah, seeing each other on Sunday would be the ultimate dream. So just really quickly Jackson. When is your first game? What time is it at we're Friday. We have one p.m. Connor eastern time. Do you know your 3 and 3 p.m. Eastern time? Yeah. Alright. So the captain Gary the Calgary dinos and the Carlton Ravens big game Friday night 3 p.m. Connor Kelley. I believe the bishopsgate. Is in the UBC Thunderbirds Are 6 p.m. Because I will be there. That's awesome. Yeah, so you guys have anything else to add before you punch off here? CK you got anything for me? I just like maybe thank you Zach for having like me and Jackson on like it. You know, it's really cool. Like, you know, I'm looking forward to it may be just a Jackson looking forward to see you brother. Oh, man. I can't wait to share this with you man. Like but yeah, I'm just ready to go out and compete on my can't wait Friday can't come soon enough and Jackson final words. Yes Angeles. Thanks for having me on and thanks for having Connor on and I'm looking forward to An CK at the at the TD place and if you're calm brothel and you're willing to come out and support us, I mean, we're gonna need as many fans as we can get so please show up. I yeah, I appreciate you know having both of you on your time is obviously really busy week for you. It's 10:30 p.m. It's time for you athletes to get some rest set the exact set the example for the young kids. This was episode 17 of athletic insights, and it's a little little preview of the you Esports final 8 men's basketball tournament Jackson Connor Thank you so much for your time. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Yep, and we're out.