All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right?Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running and it's everything. You need to make in a podcast in one place, and I'm sorry that I just had to do that ad and let's get to the podcast. It's Brad Marchand and you're listening to breaking the ice with Josh Dolan. I don't think you would ever let a pizza get out the door before he buried the whole thing. So he likes to eat that kids. Can we discuss the conditions of the equipment? Last time Josh forgot to bring the equipment I didn't forget. I brought it didn't work. He's a real radio man that Josh stolen. Oh, yeah, not an engineer. Thanks for having us in your house. Yeah. Well, you know, I don't have to do anything. And as you can see, I'm just in my underwear. Oh, wait, hold on. I found your daughter's other sock. Oh, thanks first when I first walked in there, but we are plugging all the stuff in my keys like Jesus Christ. There's my daughter saw he goes. I live with two teenage women. I I do are you one of them's you know my age, but she basically has the mind of a 16 year old and then I live with an actual 15 year old and they're you know, it's supposed to be the other way around, isn't it? Yeah. I mean, I know we're supposed to talk about radio here because we will finish for a second about yes. That's what this is. We're breaking the ice. Okay. Well, let's let me break the ice. Here we go. I'm supposed to be the slob right? I'm the guy I'm the Neanderthal on the big dumb man. I'm not radio guy not woke, you know. You know go make me a sandwich but yet I'm the one who's like picking up stuff. You know, they just throw garbage on the ground. Like it's a TV station in here for crying. His daughter sock was behind the bureau over there is takes off and she's like my wife does the same thing they take off their shoes and socks and just throw them and I'm not saying you have to put them down. I'm not like a neat Freak No, but you know when I'm coming down here in the middle of the night to get a snack and I trip over somebody's sneaker. That's just flung into the middle of the room. That's I'm old enough or if I fall. I might not get up - hey, right and then have to get a Clapper or something. That's my issue is is when I twist an ankle on an Ugg in the dark, right? That's when I have an issue, right? Yeah or somebody's bra. Seriously. Let me tell you something that bras everywhere. Okay, when I move the pillow to sit on this couch was there a bra? No, that's always the sauce is that match the one that was behind the bureau know? Okay, so we found that I was a separate time. Yeah, I mean it's real if you look at any corner of this. You'll find any clothing except for mine. All right, thank you for letting me do that. Is that the end of the podcast? This is it? Thank you for listening to the bitchy husband podcast tune in next week. We'll talk about dishes. Seriously. Sorry. No, but you know know that guys want Bloody Mary I would love to talk about dishes right now. It's all really yeah. We should do a podcast about just for the downtrodden husband's right? Yeah, you know the ones he just got into the arena by the way. He just I know you're also What are you two years? No mistake. My wife takes care of me. Right clearly issues are the only thing where I'm like, can we? Oh she doesn't want to start Josh but you have several bizarre. I would call medical issues. Yeah that need to be addressed by professional and I never notice them until we started doing radio can't even imagine what it's like with dirty dishes with you because you can't even say treat with this guy and let's see look at look. Look, he's angry. Why? What is the word treat dude? Let me tell you something about Retreat would jot. See he's hating this information. It's such a positive word, isn't it? Oh it is a dog sees a treat right and it's a cool thing right or it's like oh doing this podcast is a real tree. This has been a treat Mike. Thank you. Yeah, right, but that's cool. Or you know what he hates the most when someone says my treat yeah, I was just going to say what is negative about that someone else paying for your lunch explain. What else is paying for your drink? It turns my skin Inside Out by makes my insides want to be on my own. Why I don't know because he was no, you know, why sexual abuse from the Amish cult. He used to be part of you know guys with no buttons on their code. You make a hell of a countering his ass or a bureau the Amish fingers you talking about? It's right in the Raise This Barn while you're doing that. I'm gonna examine your prostate English. We have a couple of things we can call this podcast. It can be the bitchy husband syndrome or Josh's treat dude, don't we can do Whole like 20 part NPR style podcast on the issues Josh has with just normal things his hold on the radio. It started it started with the fluffernutter, which there was no visceral vein popping reaction, you know, it was like it was like, oh, what was the other one? Oh hot cup of tea. Yeah. I don't say you can say cup of tea. Just don't be over. Deceived wait wait, he got raped by an Amish person while drinking hot tea and he said like my treat bitch. There's the PST. Yeah, that's probably a hard time following the arm Amish, but I can't even say it. My brain is still it long before radio Mike Josh when I met him years ago when I first started today and he's been fucked up. I'm fucked up. Don't get me wrong. Yes, sir. Well, that's another level but the anxiety is so fucking real with Josh. It's insane. Yeah, right you get wigged-out just even coming here. You were like, I have to stop at Guitar Center. I have to do all this shit. I'm like, well I had to stop at Guitar Center because I didn't trust the other two microphones that we had if they don't work. I didn't have time to do a sound check because people that listen to the first podcast know you can't figure out how to bring the right God damn equipment. Yeah was the writing so let me get this straight. You can produce a podcast but you don't have the equipment to do that to thing. I do I do have the equipment to do it, but Sat in my attic for about 8 months because you distracted him with that afternoon Drive think they have so he put it all away and put all my energy and fucking went radio and other people's likes and that ended well, oh, yeah that integrate. We really killed it literally killed it. I mean murdered it it's dead. So you'll pull ship went down. Yeah, it's disemboweled laying in the middle of the road. Maybe you broke AF. Hey, if I could break a good on me because you know, that's you're killing the biggest bowl of PBR there. Oh my God, a lot of time a lot of people want to know what the fuck happened. It's pretty simple. It's it's business. It's a business the company that owned us entercom was made an offer by the company EMF who runs a bunch of stations across the United States that do educational or Christian programming can of right and they made them an offer and an intercom. Thought that would be a good deal and they found us on the clearance rack by the way. Yeah, they did all big time. Yeah, we were on the clearance table like at the supermarket with the bent cans of soup and the half opened his rights that we were sold for. I was like, I know a few people that have that on them. Yeah, like what you got to realize though a guy who owns a company like intercom has an opportunity to sell multiple rock stations. This isn't a what he might hit it right on the head. This is a fucking business. Yeah. It's a we were a tally mark on Sunday. It's computer screen right when I hate to I hate to put it in such cold turns because I know like myself there are a lot of people who loved Waf still do right? Yeah, and it was a rock station for 50 years and how can you do that to a legacy, you know and a tradition and and to the people that work there but at the end of the day radio commercial radio is a business, right? Yeah things get bought and sold things change to help that company be oil and that's basically what happened with intercom. I've gone through it before I worked at a radio station in Richmond, Virginia are when we started it was a great thing because we were brand new. There's there never been a radio station like it and that market we were alternative station. It was mid 90s. So things were good. The climate was good. Is that when you broke Dave Matthews? No, that was the AAA station. Oh, okay. That's why I worked at before you want to talk about I can get talking about Dave. Every Wednesday night Dave Matthews playing for free at the flood zone and Richmond tied to drive the van down put up the banners. I was hanging with the band. They had a great piano player. Then I think he went to dental school though. He quit the band went to dental school, you know, he saw the writing on the wall. So he be a dentist either way there. I know he's really doesn't want to play jams. To be a dentist. That's that that's an excellent. Dave Matthews impression right there. He sounds exactly lot of Elf Foreman the 90s were the 90s were a sick decade for radio. I'm sure 80s and 70s were even better. But but but we're a 90s were a lot of fun a lot of fun. But also in the 90s you had the deregulation which came which you know, open the door for things like what just happened to Waf but same thing happened there we were doing well. We're up against the big Heritage rock station that have been there for like 20 Mears every ratings book we kept getting better and better ratings, but the company and we had been bought and sold I think a total of three times before we finally got blown out. It was like the first was this independent company, I think was called American radio. Something was run by this guy Ken Brown great guy. He was like the fezziwig of radio general managers. Love to have a party like staff meetings were basically parties. They were at a pool hall or a barbecue. You place, you know, and then he comes to us when niggas I'm selling the company because I just started a management company in the first band we signed is this little band called Hanson. Oh my God, right and we that's exactly the same exact reaction in the conference room. Everybody went. Oh my god, really because so I'm leaving the radio business and I'm moving to Fiji. So he's you know, he wants Fiji now is a great guy great guy. So then this other company came in it was like cap star and then AM/FM. Oh, yeah, and then you know, Whatever it was and then finally this company came in and said we're gonna we think it's going to be more profitable if we fire all you guys and change you into a satellite oldies station. What year was that? Probably 96 97 98, right 90. That was 98, right? That was right around the same time. I was why was with that conglomerate it was in Portsmouth New Hampshire and I quality stations that became cap star AM/FM Jake or was in there. Ultimately became Clear Channel, and and I remember the first time I was doing morning drive at a Ation, and I pre-recorded a weekend shift and I'm sitting at home listening to myself and in the same second of going. Oh, that's cool. I'm thinking oh it's fucking over because it took me 45 minutes to pre-record. And for those of you who don't know out there a lot of radio is pre-recorded shit that you know, you know when they're not talking about what's happening outside. The window went on the cover is Hey. Listen, I request Lynyrd Skynyrd. No, can I just say in those last those those last few weeks we were taking Yeah, yeah and people loved it. Yeah. Oh I had some Liberties on amount of people that like just messaged and they were like, this is what I was radio was all the time every day. I was yeah, that should have been my confession when I went in with you to drop the stupid. I was nude in the magic Studio I couldn't come up with I just wanted to say goodbye to you and Carrie crying but the point was the confession that the confession was. I took some Liberties those last few weekends. I was playing the shit that I wanted to play I didn't get back to because I think people just knew at the end working at AF something was up. Something was up. The sales were down. People have been fired. It was you and Carrie left full-time Josh. You were part time. I was part-time and that that in business is just like you said you're on the discount rack something was going to happen. We all thought maybe it would get sold to a local group like humulus or a Town Square Media and fucking bam. Well known Jesus. Here's 11 million. The only reason those are all red flags. You're absolutely right, but the only reason Carrie and I fought to the very end was because The guy who they hired to come in after program director, Ron Valeri retired joke Alghero said, you know what? I want to make a if the the radio station that breaks bands again, right just like they we did with Godsmack and stained and Sevendust and Disturbed we want to be that radio station were new bands come and we form a relationship and we help you develop it. We help nurture them in this region. We all radio station again, right? Well local radio. We were getting there. I know. Just over the last six months. It was like all the new rock and all the shows that were advertising We As radio and we as Waf hadn't done that in at least a decade. Yeah and a long time I started selling for in 10 2010 and it was a shadow of its old self then I mean we're playing fucking Bob Seger. I was like, whoa, what just happened right? We were trying to be more more mainstream classic hits more Mass Appeal. I guess you could say, you know, the only problem is there's there's several other radio stations doing that same thing and Doing it. Well, you know like I remember there was a time where I was driving into work from Worcester to Boston and I was listening. I forget it was three it was it was zlx. It was 92 9 and us so Carrie started playing Civil War. I believe from Guns and Roses not my favorite Guns and Roses song, right? But so popular one. No, no, it's popular not yeah people love that tune. So I'm not going to you know my rule on Guns and Roses anything by guns. Roses over seven minutes sucks. My rule is don't well, that's because you like Twenty One Pilots so different podcast, so I'm like well, okay. I'm not crazy about this tune. So like any by listen to radio like everybody does I don't like a song or a commercial comes on. I change the station. Yeah, I change over to zlx. They're playing a Guns and Roses song like, oh boy, not the same one. So I go to 92 9. They're playing a Guns and Roses song So if you tuned in HJY. Probably two of us. Yeah, right and even even classic hits May throw in Sweet Child of Mine or something like that. So, you know, we were trying to create our own lane, right? You know, we're trying to not just go back to what we used to do. Zlx wasn't going to play dinosaur pile up, right? No, no. No, there's no radio station. That's playing any new rock right. Now. You have good classic rock stations. You have been to many of his station two men and they do their jobs very well, but there are no unfortunately no radio stations that are playing In New Rock from bands that are out there trying to make it happen right now, like dinosaur pile up and dirty honey bands that we were really fully on behind. But if you want to hear Led Zeppelin AC/DC, they got you. Yeah and the same and I love that songs to those. Stop it like it's not going to kill anybody to play like Squealer from AC/DC. No one's going to die. If they hear cause you know who it is. Unmistakable. Once it comes on. I don't my might not know this song but I know for fuck sure that's fucking Bon Scott right fucking Brian Jordan. Yeah Jim Breuer right exactly. What could be Jim Breuer right? But still you're right Isaiah. That's something I always wish that a lot of radio stations would do was just not go so deep now, but just go to that next track like Pearl Jam, right? You could play daughter sure great song, but how about playing in difference? Right? Yeah, you know, that wasn't a Hit but it's from an album that sold a million in its first week, you know, so it's you know like that like anything off of Appetite for Destruction from Guns and Roses. Sure Sweet Child of Mine is a great song You Know? Mr. Brown Stone Way. Mr. Brown snow Little More Night Train, you know or get an edit of crazy, you know, something like that. There's a space for we were talking about this before we started this when Josh was trying to figure out where the fuck your house was. Welcome to Worcester and I kept locking my doors. Yeah, welcome to what you drive up Channel Street there. Yeah, somebody knock on your door. Hey, man. Yeah, but was like doesn't anybody have jobs or are these this many people walking around? You know know there's that many people walking around that's Chandler Street my friend. Let's Chandler Street South Park Ave. We were talking about this before we got here about there is absolutely a space for the new music thing. There always has been right now in the city of Boston and let's even say the city of Worcester. Nobody is appealing to that audience. I mean Something look at how easy this is I show up here with a computer and a board you show up with microphones and we're talking where this gets distributed turns out, you know, it's cross Mike's social media yours mine. That's that's a lot of people there's got to be something that we can do at some point where the music is the focus again. I know there's fees and there's all that horseshit but there has to be something because you for example are your music knowledge is ridiculous and it is ridiculous because that brain space could be used for other things like fixing my refrigerator. A generator and you know if your wife's all right. Yeah, I'm telling my wife to pick up her bra for crying out loud, but there's something there and I don't this day and age in 2020. It's so mobile to do this content. We're not at a radio station where no Mike shoes living room see how my couch I wish I could do the show like this. Oh my God, can you leave it on some Josh you hang out and well, we can't don't know right now. That's the thing because it and it just it takes the right people to monetize it and it takes the right people like us and a few others that state. Focus and say fuck it. You know what this is where we're going to feature new music like where does based aatrox go now. I know just go that's a goddamn shame because that show's been on for more than 30 years. Carmelita dedicated a lot of time. She told the story on the air that you know, what every program director that rolled through that radio station gave her the freedom to do whatever she wanted and she took that freedom and she just dedicated it to promoting local artists right and local events and And damn it. Where does that go? Now? You know that she had does she have the social media and the web site backing? I don't know this ya think guard outfit. I don't know what she does have a website but I don't know if it's maintained as well as it should be and people crave that shit. See that's that's another loss because is there another local music show now like that or like even a radio station that will have in-studio performance right from local band aside. I'm College stations because there are college stations that do all those are even selling brown brown University's Steve. Are you okay love that's a damn shame. That's a college station. That was a great little radio station. You know, there's no I listened to forever to answer the question. I mean think about if you just go through the Rolodex of stations that are rock stations. Most of them are pre-recorded from seven o'clock 7 p.m. On most of them are pre-recorded. We were blessed to have live live shows on the weekend. I mean people like myself are hired to do live most of them. Because of the business bullshit are pre-recorded, but that's where those live music shows used to live and they used to thrive like Saturday morning. Somebody would get up and do a blues show. Somebody would wake up and do a like, you know, it's your Sunday morning your metal show back it up Harder Faster, you know, that was shit. That was a lot of fun and it got a really loyal passionate following because and I because there wasn't a show like that on any other radio station, right and the people luckily, they found it and promoters found it and said of please we're going to buy advertising on your show because they're not going to run commercials for you know Suffocation coming to town or Nile or you know, or Napalm death or stuff like that producing all the show all bands that I learned over the past eight my professor of medical conditions all the all the shows that you produced at AFI mean in the last 6 months how much new music exposure was was there so many of these promoters were like, oh shit AF is back to playing the new rock. I mean every other commercial was like, you know, hell yeah is coming back alive. This one's coming back that shit, doesn't it? They're not hell. Yeah is not advertising on zlx know hell, yeah is not advertising on 92.9 great radio stations, but the next generation of classic rock. Okay, where's the new shit? Where's the new shit? It's a serious issue light ones you Ozzy stuff. Yeah. We were four five minutes years ago. You know before corporate got ahold of radio. I think Carter Allen was doing some you know future Classics and you could play a song from The Black Crowes and say this will be a future classic because the Robinsons are just fucking all different thing, right but that's even gone. So, where is it? That's why I'm saying a platform like this this breaking the ice thing and the names already there breaking the ice works with music the conversation. That's why I named it breaking the ice because I was like obviously hockey is going to come up because hockey comes up. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We're going to talk about hockey we can Do but breaking the ice works as in a conversation will be a flight will be fine. It's in a conversate. He broke the ice on the pots not his fault the Avalanche suck. Hey, I know you know, so don't blame him. Yeah first in our division just like the Bruins. So let's meet in the final. So there's there's still a team. Hey, I'll cut ya the quarterback nordiques go back. All right. Oh boy. That's right. Redbox a traitor wow traitor He left awkward silence. That was I would know. I was waiting for the blow Serena remember that's a glass table. So don't I will choke you with his wife's bra. Yeah, he could choke and suffocate you with that bra but the point is breaking. The ice is such a good platform for anything. We want to break the ice with music. We want to break the ice with guests. We want to break the ice and say, okay let Mike Schuh tell you what he thinks happened today F that can work for music to some house. Where we're going to figure that out you have to and you're a great person to be involved. If you want o because Jesus you you Adore we all adore music, but you have a whole different that's it's not healthy. I start talking about it with my friends and they're like, oh he's gone. He's gonna starts off talk about that for a second. That was a pretty emotional day over the past six months. When when we lost Neil from Russia and you are hands down the largest Rush fan I've ever met. How was that for you that? It was it was similar to what I'm going through now not as strong because of my connection with Waf but it hit me pretty hard because the their music has been with me pretty much my whole life. Like I started listening to them when I was in sixth grade, and I've just loved them just as intensely even through the album's I didn't think we're that great. But I've gone to see the I didn't miss I got seen every tour since signals, you know, that was like 82 83. I think I can't remember so much weed. So but that was that was tough because You know when you're emotionally connected to something whether it's music or sports or a politics or yeah radio station or authors whatever it is and all of a sudden that's gone forever and then granted they had retired there was there were never going to come back, you know and Neil had arthritis and obviously he had other medical issues but it was a shock I think because it was the shock that really hit me hard because I didn't know he was sick and he's such an ass. A very private person. He didn't want anyone to know that he had brain cancer. Yeah, and so we got the news three days after he actually passed away. That's when the world found out that was hard. But I was listening back to those broadcast the broadcast and Josh brought up a great point. I think you were the one who brought it up saying on the air saying, you know, it's good that you're working here. Yeah, that's I mean it was definitely a tough day for you and it was definitely like we weren't in as good of a mood as we started out we had. Yeah, it was one of those shows where we had everything planned out and then 45 minutes in that's when Harry came in and we got so yeah. Yeah that's similar feel like it was definitely tough. But I was thinking about it the other day where I was like that was probably one of my favorite shows just because I got to see you paid tribute to Neil Peart on the Are and do it the way you would do it sounded hateable paid tribute by playing whatever song you wanted. You took any call that was about Neil Peart and sharing memories and playing interviews by its Payard. That is one thing that really pronounced that Man's last name it spirit. Is that how he says it? Yes Kurt. I don't you know peer pert. I'm not I'm a whore I'm a rush hard. Oh But I'm not going to like, you know going it's pure but you just normally like no I made it as a joke from I do that. I love him and I'm like, it's okay get it right announce the name, but it's kind of weird that in, you know over all the years of radio think about significant times Eric Clapton son falling out the window Stevie Ray Vaughan dying 911 moments like that. It is it is a blessing to be working at a radio station because Or the fucking Communicator you're sitting there going. I need to push through this emotion and talk to you and Neil for him and rush for him. I mean, I thought of you the very first person I thought obviously I thought of Neil and his family and wish them the best but I'm like, holy shit how shoe gonna deal with this and you turned on Waf and that's how he was able to deal with it because we had the program director and the right people that said must have walked in and just said Mike fuck it go because I'll tell you the way I would have dealt with it if I couldn't Go with it. That way would have been in my car crying listening to Rush everything, you know from the band but I was so, you know to Josh's point. I was so fortunate to be where I was when that news broke because if I was working at any other radio station, I wouldn't have been able to do that. I wouldn't and you're exactly right Isaiah. That's what joke Alghero came in first thing. He said to you. Okay, and he he loves Neil PR2 because he's a drummer. So he's not a huge Rush fan, but he loves Neil as a drummer respect him. First thing. He said is asses are you? Okay? I said, yeah, I'm all right, and he goes whatever you need. You just let me know the radio stations yours. That's so awesome. That's unheard of Josh. You saw that I did. Yeah, and you you were kind of like well is it though like, where's no no, you can have the whole thing, right? You were like, I'm still still happy. TSD all right, but he's just he was just yeah, he was like do what you gotta do and he goes you need help pull an audio and stuff like that and and Josh was on that and he just gave me the reins and see that's what's that shit is what died when Waf died because there aren't stations now just walk in and say take it and it's a real said that and then you said go downstairs get every single Rush CD. I don't care. There's everything get everything that says rush on it and fucking bring it up here right now. Josh came up with a giant stack of CDs 32. So, you know, and then he went on I was telling them where to look for audio and stuff and I found some great audio people were calling in it was just it was a really great celebration of his life and the band's music from everybody not just from the radio station and the bosses and Josh but everybody who called in to share the first time I saw them or you know, when I first heard them and maybe want to pick up some drumsticks or even first time I heard him. I wanted to play the guitar and inspired me to make music right the first time I heard them, you know, and for me it was like at the time I first started listening to them it really hit home because I was a teenager in Natick Massachusetts. Suburb Central. It's not like Natick was Natick Now is really super nice because a little No, it wasn't no back then. That was my friend. He was a little more like you were wedged in between Wellesley Weiland and dover-sherborn wait one does not was like I know and it was like, you know, Natick was not yeah, it is now. Yeah, but like the lyrics from that signals album were all about that. It was almost like It was it was released at that time. I was feeling those same feelings and it was what do you call that is that synchronicity could was that Serendipity serendipity's a happy thing I think and it wasn't necessarily a happy thing because I was just I felt like I was an outsider in this place that I thought was boring and all people cared about that time was football because of the whole Flutie thing and when you connect his with the leaves you connected with it you write it and the lyrics that Neil wrote. I was feeling it was so weird. And that's that instant connection. So when he you know, when I heard he died it was like this guy I never met but somehow knew what I was feeling or was able to let me know that you know, when I went to see that show at least I wasn't alone and feeling those things right, you know, and that was that's a serious emotional connection. How old were you in that came out signals? Yeah. Yeah, that was that 8282. So I was 12. I was 14. I think or 13. I think I said this on the air like there's something about that age. I think that when you connect with the band you can act with it for life. Yeah, absolutely old I was when Stadium Arcadian came out and I fell in love with the Chili Peppers. I don't know what they were saying. So it's not the same thing. I have no idea what they were talking about. It's all gibberish you connected with the time. But yeah, it's that's why he talks in gibberish. No Shady Mark a DMC. That's why you can't look at a person to touch their tongue with a napkin who or say the word treat. So yeah, the napkin think that's probably the key thing is is the thing that's what is take a napkin and you hold it into inside your mouth. I had a piece of chicken in my teeth. One day. We all wings up in the studio. You guys got close and and so as piece of chicken in my tooth. I took a napkin. Kind of try to pull it out of there. He's Josh saw me lost it like bent over like someone kicked him in the nuts. It's brought me to my knees again his face got all red veins napkin out mouth and you got angry. Why like when you say treat he got really angry. I don't know why Josh tell us can you explain again? I don't like being like this. It's just he can't explain. That's the word thing Isaiah is it's like there's this one thing you told me you just don't what was the thing about the Dunkin Donuts in the Key and a hug I'm not getting into that. Okay. So so every that that hasn't exactly has an origin though. This is different. What the hell is wrong with you used to go to Dunkin Donuts with his parents, right? And yeah, they used to get you like a chocolate chip cookie and whatever their chocolate milk was scared. There's the brand name was chug. And then one time I got it right a cookie. It tasted like body odor and I was like this is this cows tasted like a boss and sweat, right? Yeah. It's so you couldn't hear that right? You can't hear that without out feeling that feeling. Yeah. Okay. So that makes sense. Okay, write the word treat and hot cup of tea. It's just and touching the punching the inside of your mouth with a napkin is those have no explanation whatsoever. Now, there's an explanation Jim or Sandy or somebody did this to you. That's Mom Dad or potentially your sister just saying wouldn't do when you're trying to be now. Jimmy the fans we've done that. Yeah, Jimmy Donuts tortured me. Did you know that his mom drove him to work one day. I was cute. I don't want to have to know don't get any of this. No editing. I'm just saying it was cute that your mom drop your mother. I do like that sound effect, you know that you're making and it sounds like a that it's like a balloon like a little bit of air escaping. It takes a little bit of information is squeaking out of the balloon. So we might have to squeak that he's so nervous another series of podcasts. It is it set up with some kind of psychologist. That would be I know NPR would buy that wait. Am I I know a girl this hold on. Hold on. Shut up for a second lesson - I'll turn his mic down. I friend of mine. Her name is Lucia much like my wife. She's a psychologist though. Okay, and she always said she's like hey when you get on a if your other hey, would you ever have a string on him? Like again? No corporate radios not gonna let me do much outside of hey, here's a CD is a great idea because thinking about at the AF listeners, we all need some fucking help a psychologist would Have a like four or five different books written about our list in the first week, right so we could get her I could I could reach out to achieve what we do is we could get her to psychoanalyze. He write that would be a ten-part all podcast. You know, someone like gbh would be all people would pay for that, you know, and then they'd look into your fucking Dome. No, no, no. Of Keith Moon. You couldn't afford me baby. No inside. Mike shoes. That is just a vinyl store. That's right. It's a record store with a crates with a pupu platter buffet in the back and go-go dancers. I called him a couple of weekends ago. So after the whole everybody a couple weekend's well, let's call them and then you say hold on. Hold on hold I'm finishing an email with me. I'm doing business stop it, but it was after AF went down the whole stupid bullshit. I was in Concord New Hampshire and I Passed by this place called Pitchfork records and I was like, oh, yeah, you're telling me about though. I gotta go up there. It was it was another Mike Schuh moment of my cat. First of all, I haven't been in a record store since Stairway to Heaven that wasn't a record store though. True true. That was a pay had everything but records right? That was a memorabilia place Yen's t-shirts posters. It reminded me of this but this place had just cassettes and records and and and all sorts of shit. And that's when I was like, I gotta call Shoe because this is I know he wants to open a pupu platter / Store. Yeah, this fucking guy's been up there for decades. It's called Pitchfork records in Concord, New Hampshire. We have to go there he was and he was a trip to talk to me in that guy's been there forever and you can get anything and they're making money now because the hipsters brought back vinyl. Yeah. It's amazing. Vinyl has become what they call I guess a boutique item. No shit. So used to be a yard sale. They used to be used to be trash right used to be trash. But now it's gold. You know, why because People miss that experience. You want to kind of bring it back to radio here. They miss the experience of Getting the record taking it home and putting it on your turntable. Which gave you what 20 minutes right aside and average 20 to 22 minutes aside sitting down with the with the packaging reading everything about it that you could unless you're friggin Led Zeppelin. I put anything on the friggin parishad and they just want you to just just about the music. It's like I just want it over. The engineer was Alice Cooper gave me panties. Yeah. Yeah. That's right housekeeper. Give your panties for crying out loud. Why can't you do that? And then yeah exploring the packaging listening to the music. Looking at the album cover and listening to the music or reading along to the lyrics if they were, you know, kind enough to put the lyrics in with the packaging flipping the record over experiencing side too. Now these days or even you could go to CDs the affordance of not getting it open before digital, right? Yeah, you don't you don't really see these you had a little bit of that. Yeah with streaming and iTunes and files. You don't have any of that now you just pack it and get back in your bed. You put it up nowadays. It seems like you put it on if you're listening at home, you put it on and you do something else, right? Yeah, you're cleaning you're doing whatever in the house. Laundry. You're picking up your goddamn wife's bright and and the music again. Like I had a coming in I was playing music, right? Yeah. It was I was like picking up and stuff I was playing but with an album, you're kind of like you only have that 20 minutes and you got to flip it over and you've got something to hold onto. And I think that experience is something people want. Yes. Yes. It's like sitting and enjoying a cigar right? You don't want to like Mo believe some people do this but like light up a cigar and mow the lawn. No, she won't enjoy it. Whatever relax enjoy that cigar very much like an album or reading a book or something like that anymore though like that. I feel like that's what people should be doing. Everyone's so interested in the instant instant bad. Like I need like and that's why it's coming back rights. It does still and listen to some it's a respite from getting a now getting it out getting it now to this moment where it's almost like meditation. Yeah, you know, you're listening to whatever the vinyl is you're listening to A copy of In Utero from Nirvana, right and it's on vinyl and it doesn't sound like a file. It sounds better. You still doesn't sound like a CD. It sounds warmer. You're getting that that low frequency that comes with vinyl and it's comforting if you're wearing headphones. You can hear that. It's an experience and I think people like that and even the hipsters who are buying it just to say, oh I got this copy of whatever that you know has the misprint on it or something. If that's the only reason they're getting it then they're missing the reason why vinyl exists. Yeah, and I think people want those moments now whether it's vinyl or reading a book or write actually holding a book not a Kindle reading an actual book turning a page or cooking something, right? Yeah the time to like cook something follow a recipe or something like that and acting with something real again, right? Not just your phone. Yeah, you know not just like you're looking up your social media your watching that Barstool video of that guy getting kicked in the nuts, which is great on Loop. Yeah on Loop, right? But you know, there are those times. We just want to disconnect from everything right and you know, that kind of activity does you should do that disconnect yourself the turntable. Oh man, you know what I love and I used to hate as someone who grew up with vinyl after a while the the pops and the hissing and the clicks because you played it so much and goes there's you know, there's no way of not worrying about it got warmer time you put that You up and down here trying to find the one song. You want to listen to yourself. You're gonna you're gonna put Nick's in the vinyl and stuff that's going to come up. I was in This Record Store and I'm kicking myself for forgetting the name. It's down in Putnam, Connecticut. And they were playing this copy of this old Savoy Brown album, and I'm listening to it and I'm here in the clicks and the crackles and I was the only guy in the place. And it for a moment it was like I was on the moon that's awesome those clicks and the pops and the warmth of the vinyl of the sound. I was like, this is beautiful. This is a beautiful moment. Nobody goes that slow right now though that yeah, right. That's nobody takes people second people need and you don't have to take a long time like 5 Seconds right to take 20 minutes, even if you like walking around the block. Yeah, you know except here in Worcester. But even if you're like walking around the block, well not at night but during the day it's pretty good, right? You know just like it's that so I think that's why vinyl is coming back. Yeah, you know, unfortunately when I was buying records, I don't know about you Isaiah, but they were 699 right now, you're paying little lechmere you go to lechmere you could buy them all day. I swear to God lechmere the lechmere at the Framingham Mall in the 80s. I don't know who is running the music department there. They were spot-on love it. They had like a whole side. They had the place was a whole separate section was designed the Music was loud. They had like lights in there and neon lights and posters and they got all the best records that import stuff. That was tough to find I was in there all the time. We made it a party which was great because my parents are going we gotta get vacuum bags going to be here. And I'm not you go. Have fun with that. I'm going to be in here looking at the you know, the import for Elvis Costello's whatever but vinyl vinyl made such a difference and that if this all ties back into radio, how radio is getting all fucked up. Now and it's gone, but that moment of radio where you connect with it. I don't have a radio in my house. You have a rate. I mean there's there's a Bose over there, but it's like it's it's starting to become a serious Lost Art. I remember in 1982 give or take a year when my friend gave me the For Those About to Rock album by a CD. So and I put that fuck her up on the thing and I had to reach up and I grab the needle and the first sounds of that DDT. I was like mock me I'm in I don't know if I yelled. Fuck me at 12, but I was like Like oh my God, but it's stuck with me and it was like oh and but then you sat through that 20 minutes radio. Is this whole you sit through an experience and fucking everybody selling radio stations now and shot in the things off going out. This is fine. We'll put Ryan Seacrest everywhere. We'll put this program everywhere and that's not where this industry needs to be going. It's just it's not I'm sorry. I don't give a fuck about what you're taking it back because everybody's jumping on breaking the ice has a Lifeboat so that they can hear us and people are going out and buying buying all this is the Lifeboat. Yeah, we'll work. Then him first damn it, once the supplies run out. Wow, so there's really not much there. It's Josh our treat. Yes, Josh, you know, you're eating like a hot cup of tea. I'm going to put a napkin in your mile sacrify. I know what else was he put a napkin in your mouth. Let's do it. Let's get an Apple II you die. I go in a coma. Yeah, so doesn't matter if it's I go back in time is what this is there like doesn't matter if it's paper or cloth. Y'know like oh, My work throwing fuzzy walk through it. Thank you a couple days ago. I was getting out of the shower and I was wiping my face with this hell and it's the inside of my lip and I was punching the air for like 40 minutes. It was so I couldn't get it as I do that when I'm peeling a carrot and I Nic my finger. But or when someone drags a metal chair across a Florida, right? Yeah, you know Nails on a chalkboard. That's what all this stuff is like to me. Okay worse and there's no reason for it timeout. We got to get this therapist. Seriously. I'll call this is it easily 10 10 12 episode podcast. So it's like break any ice with Josh. What are you thinking babies are going to be back because I'm sitting on a large investment. Don't try to change the subject. Don't you dare? Try to I was almost Diana Beanie Baby now, I was almost Hooked, but I still want to know what's going on in your head. I don't know. I'm trying to figure it out God my Visions getting blurry. I need to disconnect and listen to a vinyl right? That's right. You gotta sit down with the Robin Trower record and put some headphones on just I've always said to the kid needs to smoke some weed ever done that maybe I should try don't smoke some weed. Let's do it. I don't usually smoke this earlier with their day to start I got stuff to do I can smoke like I used to you accidentally smoke one one time. I never even We smoked anything and while I'm in in your like I haven't slept for two days. I accidentally smoked like the weed version of Adderall or whatever. Oh, wow, like built the car. You're good. All right. Yeah, I smoke this sativa friend of mine gave me it was called like dog pound or something crazy wasn't weird name like that and it hit me like I was hyper aware of everything and I it was like a cup of coffee. It was unbelievable a stiff one. Yeah, it was that's probably what it was called have some of the stiff one. Also. Can we talk about at like station events and stuff the amount of people that I would witness come up to you and just be like, hey I got weed for you. Love it. Love it. Let me just take a minute right now. Mike just set up. I'm just taking this is fucking serious. I'm just gonna shut it. Just give me this minute. Yep. I want to truly from the bottom of my heart. Thank every single person who has given me weed. Over the 20 years. I worked at WAAF such kind and generous people. All sorts of great weed joints Edibles saying hey, let's step out into the alley. Let's smoke this fucking joint. You people are amazing my Local 420 brothers and sisters right there the union members. I want to thank you so much for all that weed if I could put that all in a pile in the middle of my liver, you know that scene in Breaking Bad where they have the money or storage space status on a pallet. It's a pallet of cash. It would be a couple pallets of just Piles of weed that people have given me over the years and thank you so much. I know I know who you are. I'll remember. Well. No, I won't remember you because the weed was fucking amazing over but you know to that to Randy and his wife smoking in his car outside the lucky dog to that dude who gave me weed who knew my buddy Cameron and college to you know, everybody at Hempfest. Holy frickin Jesus. Walking through Hempfest on the common. I was like my I thank God I had cargo shorts. What was the group that we worked with in Worcester? The Jeremy in them. They gave the Harvest cup the Harvest come you think you were a judge and they the Harvest the first of all two years ago is like dude. I have more weed than I know it's of the Harvest cup one is an amazing event that I never thought in my lifetime. I would see happen in the state of Massachusetts fucking dmu Centre an arena filled with people who know how to Great, we'd know how to turn it into Edibles know how to grow it and you're going there to learn all that stuff. That's a shout out to Worcester because Worcester allowed that at the DCU writer and they even allowed a fucking smoking cessation outside. Yes the scientist. Yeah, it was good. So that first year of harvest cup. They asked me to be a judge. Oh, man, so I go and they give me like I have to go to a place in Milford that Was a because the laws in Massachusetts a you got to test everything at a lab, you know, that's certified to do this and there was a lab in Milford. So I had to go down there and pick up my samples every week and they could be anything. They were like flower. They were Edibles. They were dabs whatever and I'd walk in there and the guy would hand me this like foil bag likes of mylar kind of bad like medical bag right just filled with stuff because there you go. This is this week. Just got to sign for him like okay and I'll be walking out the door like hiding it under my jacket. And I get in the car Billy. Where do I put this and I've been like I'm thinking Jesus Christ. I'm gonna get fucking busted my car race and then I think oh, wait a minute. It's legal, right? Yeah. Let's go put that right in the passenger seat. That's right motherfucker. And then the the next year I did it. They must have given me. It had to be like I don't know. It seemed like a couple of pounds of samples. I was just doing flower at that point. He had a game and try each one a they gave me less than those those plastic, you know, storage bins filled with little separate jars and bags of different kinds of we that people had grown and so you have to smoke it and judge it on, you know taste and the buzz and the way it looks and the smells and you know, the way it's cured and cut and everything like That is a wine tasting. It is a very much the same thing. He was four months. It was he was high for months. So they get and I there was no other you know, I'm looking in the thing. I'm like dude. I can't I can't do this up until the deadline. He's like just do as much as you can. Okay, I have a kid job, you know, like now I have a job. I can easily like sample everything all day Don, but that was though. That was an amazing. The experience and the Harvest Cup itself is such a great event and I'm so glad it's happened. In my lifetime. I've gone from running into the woods being chased by cops in Natick to an organized event is that is another thing the New England Institute Northeast Northeast Institute of cannabis rera Joe good people about great people Natick. They're one of the first the open up a weed School tell you how to do everything cool the history. It was awesome and Teachers there with experts great great place Great learn about this shit learn. You don't learn it. Learn it and I learned so much there the great thing about that place. It was in Natick. It was located in an office Park in a neighborhood. I used to live in where we would go to smoke weed nayad. And then more than once Holly come rolling through just patrolling the area and we there were Woods right next door and we'd run the building that school was in was in its next to the woods. We'd run. In into to hide from the cops because we were smoking weed. Oh my God, and I was just like, this is so weird. Now. I'm going to school if her we do you think that PTSD will ever wear off though? Because remember when we were at the the Robinson Brothers concert, yeah somebody that we were with pulled out. Yes, like stuff in their pocket and bartender went what's that and he like shoved it back in his pocket. He's like no, I want to see what kind did it right and they were just passing it back and forth over the bar and I was like, it's legal. I yeah long as you got less than an ounce man, which is Insane because we would we would go to jail and high school for a fucking dime bag and I'll my god Ra was announced for a half a roach. Well, it would just you get two years in jail for a couple of joints in your pack of cigarette was given enough. We'd buy those Harvest cup guys when you put it in your when you put it in the passenger seat, it's like no I put on the seat belt put on the seat belt. This is great. I put in my trunk and I'm pretty sure I had I hope they don't get in trouble pretty sure I had way more than an ounce. Yeah, but that was you know, that's what they had to give that to me. So I put it in my trunk it was Exactly an ounce. Yes. It was exactly enough. I put in my trunk my Corolla which has holes all over it smelt the thing smells like, you know, someone hit a skunk thing smells like a greenhouse inside. I remember driving out of Kelly Square where I picked it up and going through past the Worcester library and somebody was filming a movie at that time. And I remember turning them into that street and there's a line of cops, of course right there. And the first thing I thought of was I'm dead. No, they're gonna smell this outside the car. I bet you I'm going to jail. Oh way. Oh, well, they were like direct. You can't go down the street. You gotta take you take a right here. Take a right here. And I'm just like, you know big smile on my face like shit. I'm so fucked my God that smells like this. It's I didn't know that was there. But yeah, that's always going to be there that goes this sort of surround the you wanted to give the shout out to all the fort while right? That's right. Thank you for giving me all that weed over the years. I know I can't marry very nice for all like the 20 years or what just the tool concert alone was I was like person to come up to him and be like, hey, you want to go smoke? That's you know, what just take a sec Oh, I thought the one I got thrown out of nice. Yeah, they had signs everywhere that says you can't I wish you can't take pictures know Isaiah. He goes that doesn't apply to me though. No stories. It didn't necessarily make it a pictures when they said. Yeah, I was shit-faced. Sorry. They were even on the seats. I wish it back there are notices on your seats and shit. You can't take pictures hippo. So when you get shit-faced you can't read that particular time and really know I could I did. The first hour because I was mesmerized at the show, but I pulled the camera up and started the video and they were like gestapo you're out of there fuck whatever but you know what? Yes thanks to all the people who gave me weed. But in these last those last couple days people were dropping stuff off at the station. Wow, mostly booze. Good. I saw that on Friday night and it was it was so much we had did you find the book and we were like a like we had a liquor store going. Oh my God. There's that one guy who came by and just dumped he just dropped off a case of Bud and a pint of jmo. I saw that and it just said to Mike and carry on the box and just left it in front of the building and drove away and people huge bottles of Seagram's and Crown Royal like someone died like they didn't want to talk to anyone. They were just dropping stuff off. It was it was a funeral. It was people I got it. Also if you're listening to this and you sent me a message on Instagram or my Facebook page or Twitter and I haven't responded to you. I will eventually so many really great messages from people. Yeah people that were overwhelmingly sad and disappointed just like, you know, we were at the station got shut down saying that they've been listening to it their whole lives that the station was playing during some great times and during some really bad times and I just want to let you know I appreciate reciate you sending me those messages and I intend to respond to every single one of them. It's just that and for real I start doing it and after a few I get really sad, even though they're really great messages. There's a lot of love in these messages. Yeah, and I appreciate that but You know, I'm still kind of like it fries your brain to it does it's when you're responding to someone saying like I like you got me through the times where like, yeah, like my I had like maybe four people reach out to me and be like Waf was like their last connection to like a parent or something, right? They used to listen with their parents all the time right now. They feel like that connection is going away because they felt at home listening to a f very very similar what we're talking about what I was talking about before with Rush, right? So not leadership all connection, but you know, I'd gone to the majority of those Rush shows with the same people right onto of those people are gone, you know and the brought that back I Rush was playing, you know, when I had some really great times and some really bad times and same thing with the station and I know that I know that feeling too because I grew up listening to Waf to yeah, and it was it was also the soundtrack of my life and that's what makes radio so good if it's done the right way and the very first question that we asked Mike was What happened and the answer is business and business has to happen. But this isn't a fucking car dealership. Okay radio and this is a personal connection. He can tell you where he was in 1986. I can tell you where I was in 1982. You shared the story with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. I mean the first time you or your wife became Bruins fans, let's say it's because of an emotional something happened and you went. Yep. I relate to that what they mean. I'm not going to say what can we relate to now, but the messages that are coming out us these days are fast and yes and they're so quick whether it's Barstool for a hot second it's literally a hot second it's just and I want it I want it will happen at some point I still want to be around when it happens some of these larger companies will sell off a bunch of their stations to some local people again and they'll be a day where sitting somewhere maybe it's not a station will use breaking the ice as it for now but where we can just sit there and play the tunes we want to play and say the shit we want to play and connect with the because that's lovely all this happen like at this this point in time where we don't really need the station to reach the people truly need is some microphones and Wi-Fi connection right rats why that's what Joe Rogan's the number one he he beat out CNN Fox News NBC all those on Election night they're all fighting who is watching who more and he was like actually have more than all of you combined and he's gotta set up just like this just like this on a platform now so it's the wild west right now but I mean That's why I don't get how we need to do more of that. We need to like, you know, eat some kind of cannabis supplement. Yes show videos of spiders that lay eggs in your eyeballs and just record it. Yeah just for two orders are fucked up because it's too close in on this. It's a scorpion spider. It comes out of the sand and it attaches itself to your toe. And then it's that show he's grown another head on your knee is not fucked up that's fucked up. Maybe Google that Jamie get closing on that jet that's fucked up. here take some of these you'll feel better what was that shit I'll take nine that's right you'll be fine I took nine what was it Mystery Science Theater 3000 or whatever that was a fucking great show yeah that's you know those guys still tore through they yeah they sit in the if you've never seen it that it's it's old weird movies but it's it was two robots Silhouettes and basically to voiceover pie-yah that used to come on after as this mystery weird movies no Josh it's it never came on after Sesame that was Reading Rainbow you actually came on after that 140 from Star Trek not mystery thought Science Theater okay I understand is you just totally run that just trying to relay Josh basically it was a show about what we did in the studio while watching the TV yes remember how I play we used to just I remember the Silhouettes but I never liked heard the show does this actually podcast could be over he just fucked the whole thing just your boy man I'm done you guys want a drink or a bagel or something a bagel Some weed. Oh my god. Did it turn on this is it turn up?