Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place.Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to you. Maybe not. I don't know tonight. We kind of got some special guests with us. We got a couple ladies here who put up with a lot of it. We were going to have a third one, but she's studying and that is what is more important. For now for now, it's right. Can you to Berg if you're listening to this? I think that you hate us? And you want nothing to do with us and you don't want to hang out with us. So tag along sometime. Otherwise, it's never gonna change my idea. Anyways, before we get to that though. We'll do a quick little recap anybody. Have a good week and one have a good week good week. Well, I was in class all week. So it's a little it's a little different than what I'm used to but it was good a past which is good considering It's always nerve-wracking when the bank is paying for something for you to go to the you should pass. So it was a stressful week, but it was supposed to pass them things when they send you they pay you to go there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you come back probably doesn't look too good. If you don't pass. Yeah, that's very there's a fun week altogether. I learned a ton and met a lot of great people from different banks all through Iowa and it was just great networking event. And yeah Mariott and anthoni post a Conference and had a great time. Did you just shout out a small hotel in Ankeny? It was a big hotel in Ankeny. Now, I feel Marriott sponsoring this video. Yeah, you can if you're listening I guess but no they really did. I mean it was a great time. That's awesome. But Chase week. Yeah pass both my test this week. So my haste 1/3 plus on the other so hey, wow. That's right. Mom did you have any tests this week? Yeah. I had one this morning at 8 a.m. Did you pass? I don't know. it was Sid how was your week work taking care of dogs and cleaning house in babysitting me taking care of Logan. Yeah, we should install them. All right, but here we'll get let's let's introduce. These gals will start with Lindsay. We're going to make her talk. Okay. I'm currently a senior at probably never heard of it. The cornfields of Indiana. Um, I'm an elementary Ed. Hopefully going to be a teacher next year if I can pass my test and I am engaged to Tanner. Yeah getting married. It's so bad for you. Yep. Looking forward to it. Well should be a new experience early for the boy. Yeah, I guess that's one way to look at it. I'm gonna have somebody to take care of me again. Yeah. Okay. Well you can't live on Jack's Pizza for the rest of you in pretty poor job at it right now. So hey, no, you're a great gerbil parent. Yeah. I am. I do have a pet hamster shout them out. I'm sure wow. Yeah, his name's Ace. He's he was a biter when he first came into the family and now tripping ask my younger brothers. They got him. They got him pretty trained up they play with him a lot and I'm Before the old steady you stayed only does. Yeah, he bit.trip the other day and trip was pretty upset about it. But he's still I get home. He's probably still thinking about it right now. Honestly, probably like I got home from preschool today and he had I had about five letters in my room and I huge box like obstacle course that trip had made so I'm sure Ace had a really good week without me there and when I move out I'm afraid the ace is going to stay there and my dad might not be too happy about that. But well don't lose this one run around the house, but I'm now I'm going to introduce my better half definitely definite definite better half Sydney introduce yourself Sydney. Unfortunately, I'm engaged to Logan. We get married in about six months. Unfortunately, I don't do a whole lot. I work at the sheriff's office when I sit on my butt all day, but you were I she just works a lot. Yeah. She does. I always try and keep busy. We got a house. We got dogs. There's a lot to do in Logans a lot to take care of him and he expects a lot. We just got into it this week about how he expects supper on the table every night when he comes home. Not that this is a conversation that he's Beyond but I go out hunting with these guys. Yeah this year I decided if you can't beat them join them. I was tired of fighting about how much Logan wasn't around during hunting season. It was my getaway. We like it's no longer. It's no longer my getaway. I like having seen the blind. Why because I'm not as talkative. Yeah, I mean, I just I just yeah out there having fun. You don't see I mean like we mentioned in previous podcast the hunting the hunting family as a whole is kind of shrinking every year and the one one thing I think that you know, everybody should jump on board with is getting more women involved and there's there's already a big a big family of women involved in the outdoors and hunting But I think it's just kind of been something that hasn't, you know, societal views hasn't really been the norm. But Lindsay do you think you could get a deer she um, you think you can get your hands in there and pull the guts of a deer? I don't know about your experience this year. So I went out to help Tyler check his there and it was all fun and games until it stunk so bad and like poop was coming out of it was Rocky. I was rotten silence we Tyler when he shot his dear we went out and tracked it and then was home so she came with us and she you guys didn't think Caleb and I found it that one when we found it there, huh? There it is. And you're like don't mess with us. I'm like no I'm standing right on top of it. She ripped her pants hopping over the barbed wire fence and it caught me hotter ripped her open. But yeah, and yeah, she was doing good and everything was going good and dead deer dead animals. I don't think really affect her. But then when the yeah, when the rotten silence came out of the nose that was that was a lot for a lot of all of us. It's not bad. That was a different breed. I smell but the reason we have the ladies on the podcast tonight is because As we are going to do something a little different and we're going to look at it kind of from their point of view of how much they hate our annoying obsessions. So I don't care whose answers this question first, but I'm going to ask get anyways. What do you guys think about how often were gone and what we how often we obsess about what we're whatever season it is. It's all here about when it's waterfowl season. That's all I hear about all the time when you're gone. I'm okay with it. As long as you like to skip out on one house things need to be done when I have projects for you you like that's the best time to go out hunting. Yes. I have a date with a blind. Yeah, but we have a date with our home in projects. This will expand. It looks almost for you like to kind of skip out on obligations. I should make it nice sound like Ebenezer Scrooge. I really like just like let's go honey. I should say before we get into the hole. The whole QA thing with the with the girls this year is definitely going to be a change for me and Lindsey personally because she hasn't been around. She's been in Indiana. So as far as the hunting, you know, this year's definitely gonna be an eye-opener because I think we're going to butt heads a little more about it this year than we ever have in the past because she hasn't been around so during hunting season. It's always you know, where we going. I don't have to worry about what I'm going to be back. I really don't have any other obligations besides work. I To worry about you trying to talk me into staying to go hunting any longer because that's a conversation. I don't need to have any more have to eat your guys's food every Friday night and well in the spare room, you're always welcome to do that. But that was one heck of a transition right there. Yeah. Might as well. I'm just I just wanted to clear that up because it definitely is going to be different this year for us to personally because we're going to I mean we're going to have that. So instead of that question since obviously she was around that all the last year two years now. How are you? How do you think you're going to handle it? Let's ask that. I think I will love him hunting Saturday mornings. I can so you don't have to get up. Yeah, I can sleep in I can go. Go to my mom or my sisters awesome. She she will sleep in till I will see them till if you love then. The farmers market will be over. I made like 10 like sleep in till on weeknights. I don't know if I'll be so fond of it. Yeah, it's coming home coming home from work and then me being gone. Yeah him being gone. I gotta pick the dog on a walk our future dog. I don't know. I'm just saying we're gonna go we have two dogs and Logan comes home and he sees me and their mom walks them Logan doesn't turn it on the walk. So one time we made them go on a three mile walk in. He hated every second of it and then well I hated every second of it because you guys just I was walking behind two people and two dogs. Oh goodnight much of a walker. That's not much of a runner either. He said he's like, how long do you guys go on I said, Go like three miles. I think I can do about one mile. I said you can walk for one mile and walk your cell phone my go hunting. It's not in season Logan will complain about walking three miles. But then when we show up to public land and have to walk eight hundred nine hundred yards into the Timber and strap him up with seven almost four times a year. I get to kill something in the you know, what? I don't think the city event would be too fond of me walking on the shotgun. So any board incentive. Yeah Chaser tell us about Katie what she think what do you think her answer would be to this? Well, I asked her this morning if because we had the old day of last night or this morning about having the women on the podcast and she I was like, what would you say she couldn't because she's dying and she's like, well, it didn't take her long. She's she actually started right to it. What is your right to it? Because I took a punting just within the past couple years and she commented on how she didn't get to know me or her words fall in love with me on the whole hunting thing. She was I was more of like the athletic guy doing a bunch of sports and all that and then the hunting world but he's never been exposed to it and taking her along the way of like me just rambling on about stuff that I've learned or experiences that I've had. She doesn't quite have the whole in sight. To it, but she's definitely are you saying there? She would not like the idea of pooping in the woods. Yeah. No, she wouldn't say that that crap is literally no, but she's fond of it. She's excited for this offseason. I told her our goal is to get the ladies out there on a hunt probably early in the season when it's not so cold. Yep least for her. There's not as many birds. Birds yeah, exactly, but no she's pumped. She's like, well, you better you got to give me the gear so yeah, I got a budget for that here pretty soon and Drake Waterfowl head up the old sale rack on drink water fowl and see what we can do. But now she's excited. She's she's along for the ride. She doesn't really have an option anymore. So now I think it's definitely one thing to that. You know, they the girls are going to complain a lot and we're going to get a lot of backlash because we are gone a lot during hunting season, but I think at the end of the day it really is they they see how much we enjoy it and how much it's a passion of our so it evens itself out and like I said The more we can get them involved and show them, you know, you don't necessarily have to be shooting something out there. You know, we've always talked about in the past episodes. It's not all about killing something but just experiencing The Great Outdoors and having a good time. We're out there. So for sure, I don't shoot. Yeah, you should have camera she tried we tried to shoot dad that coop. Like seven times it was a cute. So it's this cute basically swam up to the shore literally and she went through all the shells were in her gun. And then she grabbed my gun and shot two more times only shot four times at it. I think you should know so she shot like seven times, okay. And anything that wasn't the coup was hit in my defense. Nobody has seen if that gun is actually accurate No, they haven't pattern it. Yeah. So what? It's actually one more thing I get to do instead of going on a walk. So there you go. Get it out there pattern. No, no just me. No, I just said out there more so I have my gun just in case but I shoot my camera. That's what I shoot. She's not too bad at it. So on the contrary, what is the best part about hunting season for you guys? I mean, there's obviously the worst in the things you guys don't like but what is the best part about it? I think for me having this then the first year getting out there with you guys. It's just the environment that you guys make it and stuff like that like Just seeing your guys's camaraderie and seeing what makes you guys liked it so much. I mean it's beautiful out there and just that's I mean, that's definitely one of the biggest things for me to is, you know, just the experiences you get to share with your friends and family and being out there and just enjoying your time together because you're not here for a long time but here for a good time. Yeah. I just think it's interesting having gone from being with Logan for two. Seasons and not joining and just being annoyed at home and not understanding why I mean I couldn't imagine doing it when it's bitter cold out, but that's the best part getting out and seeing a little bit of why was really interesting this season and I think that was like my favorite part. Yeah, that's one thing. I'm really looking forward to for Lindsay to be able to experience this year two is to get out and you can show her how to run the camera a little bit and one little side Note 2 if you guys hear any barking in the background We have an Australian Shepherd who does not like his kennel, especially when he knows we're in the house. So now on to our next question. Oh, I'm so sorry. I ignored the farmers market. I feel like that was the answer. I think it's really cool that he has a passion. I wish I had something that I was at passion about like a hobby or something and I love to be outside and it's just you're looking forward to it. I am would be home or two. Be home during hunting season. I'm kind of experience that with everybody. I mean some of the sun rises you see when you're sunrises and sunsets. You see when you're hunting is I mean, that's my favorite you'll never I mean you'll never see ones like that. Sometimes just the water the whole scenery to setting the Earth, you know, don't need a beach to see, you know, so the fort before shooting time and the Ducks are pouring in and starting to fly and mean I'll never forget Chase's first experience this early season teal when it was 10 minutes. Before shooting light and wood ducks are almost smacking you in the face and Taylor buzzing by your face and just getting this, you know getting to see his reaction to it because it really is it is beautiful and like I said, you don't you don't have to necessarily even take a gun out there. If you have for public land that you know about get yourself up at six in the morning and go on a hike get out there and just sit by the water and watch because I promise you won't be disappointed you get to watch the sunrise in front of you and if you pan to your left, you'll see Logan with a half. Ripped off shirt don't stress struggling with his waiters on. Anyways chase you got any questions. I mean, I'm sure can you come in Katie's party? I know this is how Katie feels but her biggest pet peeve, especially this season was when we would get up so early we'd be out till 10:00 11:00 o'clock and then we'd want to go goose hunting in the afternoon we go goose hunting. I'd come home and I'd want to sleep right away and she'd be like, well, there's no even spending time with me, which I totally understand so But anyway, yeah, honey my sleep, but she knows it's that's her biggest thing was the less time. I'm spending with me and she really loves you mine. Don't even like to hang out on me. That's where my Park was without bounds. Only be around during hunting season is we get home from those long all day Hans and stuff. I was just sleeping at five o'clock till the next morning when I go to work. So that's deaf and I need my I'm like that it needs my sleep. But at the same time she doesn't make me feel guilty about it. Yeah, I think she yeah she knows that's she sees how happy I am other stuff. So perspective wise I can totally understand why Sydney gets frustrated. She does with me, especially when you got you know, we're hunting goes both ways though, right Push Pull. Yeah, you want the worst experience I think so far though that me and said you've ever had honey wise was when we were in Iowa City hunting and I was supposed to be home at 3:00. I got in trouble that day to I was supposed to be home at three but the duck started flying through the hey, we piled up those geese and Ducks. We had a massive pile of birds for four guys. We were one short of a goose and I think we were we limited on ducks on Mallards. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah imminent. I'm Alex. Yeah, so we limited on Mallory's and we were one short on Geese. Yeah. I tried to be understanding that. She was not understood. They did know you pushed it originally back to like five. I'll be home by 5:00 and I'm like, alright cool. Whatever I like when they make sure you get home. Yeah. Yeah. I was like just make sure you get home by five. We have a list of things. We need to get done then it turned to I'm not coming home until after Sunset. That's when then I was like, Off I try to be understanding the first time and I let you push your back, but I showed you the picture of all the birds. That was when the horns came out. Oh, she was so mad. I was I was nervous that was going to be the end of our relationship that day honestly, cuz that was that was probably a top-tier the worst thing we've I've accepted experience and that goes no, I'm sure she's had to experience. Yeah that goes to show though. I mean if you're a hunter or fisherman you can abide by this that if you're out there and you have something a commitment, I mean unless somebody's dying or it's a bad emergency. The birds start flying or the fish start biting. I'm not going anywhere. So that's why I'm that's why I'm really want is the one more Factor. Just one more. Yeah, one more just one more one more cat. I'm just really planning on Bible. We have kids. It's going to be in the summer. I'll have a bunch of summertime kid birthdays and I'll have my baby out there in a backpack. Oh, so let not like you're covered back, but she won't let me I told her within the first two months. I think our kid would be pleased to have them up with a pair of head easier. Backpacks with the big bubble. He'll be out there kid shotgun going off right my kids for a while, but I'm definitely excited to get my kids in hunting. That's one thing. I look forward to every day and you look back and how young me and Logan were able to get into it because of our dad and you know him Him and Grandpa showing us that Outdoors at such a young age and it develops a different kind of respect for it. And definitely I feel like with the way that technology is going these days and I'm not a I'm not a hater of Technology, but it's not going anywhere, but I definitely think that there should be a happy medium of kids still getting time outdoors and experiencing the you know, you don't have to be on a cell phone to enjoy your time you can get outside and that's one thing Lindsay and enjoy doing is just hiking and enjoying the outdoors and next question say there's someone that listens to this whose girlfriend is or significant other wife whatever you want to call them is not a huge fan of auditing. They don't like that at all. Yeah that like that. They go hunting doesn't like that they're gone. But this is something the person passion about if you could give advice to this woman on what to expect and how to go about expecting or how to go about preparing yourself for this. What would you say? I mean, there's got to be something question. It's very loaded. But at the same time it's a nice here. You're not going to win you can fight them so they can I mean, I remember when I used to I'm pretty sure it happened the first time on that hunt on Thanksgiving when I got mad at Logan and he told me he said if you think you're ever going to get me to stop by our relationships over right now, and I know that that's exactly how he said it too. That's exactly how he said it. If you think yep, so I don't think you'll ever get him to stop and I think like I preached by now is I think you have to give it the opportunity because there's I mean I'm not going to go out there when it's negative 20 degree weather and you guys are hunting I'm not going to see me out there. You're not going to send out there when it's pouring rain because the main thing I do is I shoot with my camera and I'm not gonna be out there in the pouring rain with it, but I think you can't knock it until you try it. Definitely you just have to be able to experience. Ian sit and try to understand where they're coming from because you can fight until you're blue in the face and you're not going to win. Yeah, I would say the same thing just embrace it just if you like be outside go outside with them feel like cook bring a meal like or Casey's Pizza said delivered a lot of cases Pizza to the blind bless your heart. I think it's also one thing to that they can look at as and I mean there's a lot of other things that us us. Men can be oh, yeah putting our time towards it aren't did our lot worse and hunting. I literally never have any money to do anything. Well that story's investigation stupid stuff and hunting. So again, I'll sit there and be like, what are you doing on your phone? I'll be looking at something dealing with honey. And he's like I could be texting other girls or I could be texting my friends about honey. So what Logan about on the market, I mean there's a he's a sergeant think and I think like if you're not willing to get out there and try it with him or anything like that. You just kind of have to embrace Is that it's an opportunity for you to find something that you want to do and it gives you time that you go do what you want and let them go hunting and then make time for we did you swinging back on the corner and that be making me money though not spend a lot less clutter in the house. What do you guys think about are you excited to embrace the whole cooking wild game all of that? Because that's what I'm excited. Yeah, because I know she likes to try new stuff cooking. I have not taken the opportunity to do it. I think I would be willing to I know the only time that I have ever tried anything game. I mean, I didn't grow up with Hunter like my step dad's a hunter and stuff like that, but my mom's not a big meat eater. So we didn't eat anything that he hunted but Logan when we first started dating the first fall that we were dating literally his roommates pinned me down to the couch and shove the piece. Covid of in my mouth. All Connor did do that. I like would it no, I couldn't taste it because it was super salty all I taste a bit of salt. And so that was all I got and then one time Logan tried to do was it I'm a goose breast in there crackpot. It was actually really good. You didn't like it you threw it out after like to let it sit for like two days. I thought it was. All right, you thought about taking it to family Christmas so that other people would eat it. You're running them. Stop of game. This is really okay. So maybe that story was not how I thought it was going to be ya know you were literally like should we take it to Christmas this afternoon and see if someone else will eat it and I'm like you are not traumatizing your family with that. It's your right. You'll run into that with Wild game. Yeah, it was bad, but that goose turkey and duck turkey. Yeah, that's good. I ate it all little tip. I mean when it comes to venison is in my opinion one of the best meets you can have just by itself. But I enjoy the taste of venison, but when it comes to duck and goose and those two types of meat are pretty dark and can you know, you're going to run into a lot of bad recipes before you run into a good one. Yeah, so it's a good it's only going to be good one time and then you had to figure out what you did just accept jerky it. I mean if you jerky it it's going to be good and who doesn't like your key. I mean, it's so expensive it is I mean beef jerky runs you $15 for a little pack of it. So I mean, could you tell the difference between beef jerky and that goose or duck turkey mean? I taste wise you can but it all depends on season good. Yeah, I don't know duck. I've tried to I mean, I've tried everything poppers grilling it. I haven't tried cock crock pot yet but next year. Yeah for sure. Oh, yeah, big thing is marinating it. I mean that's pretty much that you guys soaking in buttermilk for a couple hours to get all that blood out put the breast in a crock pot with some cream of mushroom. I tried Very vinaigrette and did that and some salt on it's like gossamer healthiest meal. I think I've ever heard someone say, oh it's called family. But anyways, so to Wild it but I over grilled it and if you over cook duck top it's tough and it's I would compare it to liver. But if you do it good to where it's not to done and not under done I could Be pretty good. Now. Do you have any questions for them? Let's see dude. You got another question for him. Let's chase thinking of one. Like awesome chases question. I mean, I'm just that's one thing. I'm looking forward to the most is having like I said having Lindsay around and living together and being able to because I'm a big advocate of eating, you know what you know, and just it's exciting for me because one you're not its money saved. You're not spending money at the store on food and it's natural. It's what God's you know, it's what God put on the Earth and You know to provide and we're not out there, you know, we've said it I'm going to refer back to it again. I probably sound like a broken record, but we're not out there just to kill kill things and kill limits and it's fun. It's a good time when you do it. It's a successful hunt. But the main thing is just being able to put meat on the table and and provide for yourself and know that you know, if something ever happens and the apocalypse could yeah the zombie read up. I mean, it's just it's Comfort level to knowing that, you know, you can go out there and it's The ultimate, you know, the ultimate man, you know being the old being a predator like that in a way of you know being able to because I've never really thought about me Predator if yeah, it really is and you're being you're able to top of the food chain type of thing you're able to provide for yourself and it's a cool feeling. It's a different day. It's a yeah, it's a you know, it makes you feel pretty cool and successful. Do you guys have any question late? ladies You have anything you'd like to add? Let's go with that. Let's start with that. You have anything you'd like to add? How do you girls feel about us deciding to do this podcasting and deciding to you know so much Sydney that's one of our comfort zones and kind of I know you guys are probably a little out of your comfort zones right now, too. But like we like we said it's something we've been talking about and what about you guys doing? Yeah, just about you know about us deciding to do a podcast and just share our experiences and Sydney's dreaded every Friday for the past six weeks. No, I do have to say it's hard. It's hard like and I understand why it comes onto us like we have a house right here and stuff like that. But that's even during hunting season. It's like everybody herds to her house and there's a love-hate relationship with it because I love it and I love having everybody here and I love being sociable and all that. But I also like currently my days off are I'm off from Wednesday morning until Friday third shift and so my cleaning days I deep Clean Thursdays and Fridays. So today I was on my hands and knees scrubbing the floor and then I have all these people coming in. Yeah, and then I'm cleaning again after up after people and stuff like that. And then it's like during hunting season. I was working second shift most of the time. So it was like I was coming in at midnight stalking around the house, you know, because there's all these guys and it's I mean, it's I mean it's interesting and I love it and like tonight like making supper for people when they come over and stuff like that. I love that part of it. I love hosting but there's like a love-hate relationship always been posting and you're always in Psych every week. I'm just lected of you though because you're the you're the first lady of the group. I give you. I'm president a high level of respect just after last. I mean just after last the whole last season in when I was like coming home. Yeah. There's so many people in our living room. In our little rental house, the entire living room is full there wasn't a seat left to sit in, you know, we're putting kitchen table chairs in the living room, which isn't very big to begin with with our giant couch and well the other for you guys, that's why we bought a big house before you guys moved into a mansion. Yeah, we're living in a pretty small I live there with them for a short time and and I do give her a high level of respect because if it was it was small kit smaller kitchen just tight spaces and adult and you know a nude. Dog in the house and just kind of very hectic and it really, you know, I'm trying to picture Lindsay putting up with something like that and it's hard it's hard because in like I said, I do give you a level respect and I think that anybody who is listening that has a hunting, you know group of Hunting Buddies or a group of friends. It's the same way, you know, yes stay up late on the night before shooting the crap and having some drinks and stuff and it's you get loud and like I said, She was cooking for everybody. They were you know providing somewhere to stay for everybody. It was also a rental house in so they were taking on a risk a little bit by yeah allowing that many people in their place, but well that and the foundation of that house was not that's all that's a lot of weight in one room house leaned a little bit but it was a little lean but it worked and it was fun. I enjoyed it. That was my that's why I kept I mean, yeah, it's a sleepover at the Davis house and tries to went back to my brother's last week. And I have a level of Shame when we go like around them in their dogs because they're so perfect and like my dogs are litter. I call them crackheads all the time there. Running around so it's like I get so like flustered because I want them to be good and when there's a lot of people around they get really excited and the little one just started excited peeing. It's just like, oh my God tonight went Erin Lindsay guy here or when she's done with the bathroom. That's true. I mean you can there's going to be a part of that or a point of that with animals that you can avoid. I mean animals are lovers and so when there's more people around there just going to be more high-strung and energetic but I know I've told Logan multiple times that I wait till you guys move into town because then some of the obligation like some nights it can be like, yeah. You know on Saturday mornings and I get up and there's piles of clothes everywhere as everyone's aren't their bags and they're changing and then they come in with muddy boots and I'm sweeping six times during the weekend. Connor left doors open O'Connor. I would wake up Bodie hours after they left in a my front door would be wide open like thank God we had another door that when we had when we had Maverick and he was a puppy that there wasn't he couldn't just run right out. But yeah Connor I wake up and it'd be freezing them house and got a chicken fries. Door wide open. I'm like, thanks. I'd like text little going to be like I figured it out eventually, but first it was like who did not shut the door and he's like Connor was last one out. I'm like, yeah, I should have guessed that. I will say that's fine. Directly down there. Yeah, you want to just take your boots off outside and go down just really trying to figure out a way to get a staircase from your garage straight down. Yeah, you just need to give them find all the free couches. You can on like Facebook and stuff like that from the base. I feel like all right. You cannot you all threw it out there. That's where you sleep. Well / hot for couches and throwing down there. Yeah. That's all I get. No be dirty old couches of all my floors. Blanket when he's like, I'll maybe turn the furnace on now. I like the hos. Those well, that's just do it. Yeah. Well, that's good. I finally got somewhere that I can be. Yeah, I can be there bedroom Psychopathic you did for me. I'm gonna go I'll probably just go home. And so it's only a couple blocks away. Well, I mean sometimes I know sometimes truly an option. Well can't wait. I'm gonna kick him out. I try and kick them out to your mom and dad's house all the time. He won't go All right. Well, I think that's kind of it for questions. Thanks for answering those. I'm sure bringing up some of the past situations is gonna probably fire was real like rekindle that but no sweet. Anyway, that's right. Anyways, I mean obviously anything in here after this you guys are always more than welcome to tune in or tune in chime in too. Just because it's mean you're here. So why not? Right. Well do a little bit of a transition here something that we decided tonight that we kind of wanted to do. Anyways, sorry something written on the paper all that Tanner kind of talked about this. This was kind of his brainchild and I think that it's actually a good idea. So we'll go ahead and yeah, so, um as we said and you know previous episodes, we've had a ton of support from people thus far and just doing these podcasts and you know, a lot of people enjoying it and we want to we wanted to come up with a way to let the audience kind of be more Rated and you don't think them do. Yeah and have some fun with it. And you know, we're willing to do a lot of things to incorporate the audience with you know, so that they have incentive and they you know, they're getting something out of listening to it besides just listening to us ramble and especially with it not being actual hunting season right now. It's been kind of slow as far as you know, it's just starting to warm up. So we haven't had the opportunity to really dive into any you know stories. From that morning of hunting or you know in season stories are giving you guys in season. You know what we like to do and you know what the weather patterns are and that's something that I know. We're all looking forward to being able to do once two seasons here. So we kind of started the podcast at a weird time as far as you know in between hunting seasons and in the winter, and one thing we wanted to do was have a chance for anybody listening to do a little giveaway. Yeah 2 To gain something to win something. So in previous in a previous episode we were talking about turkey hunting with turkey hunting coming up. I think that like I said, we're all me and Chase. I know our our turkey hunting. I'm excited. I am going to try it. Yep. Logan's gonna try to be really fun season and we're looking forward to getting a lot of content out to you guys. We want to videotape every Everybody Wants a videotape their hunt this year and put that on our social media. Through discussion in one of the previous episodes Chase had mentioned how long the beard on his Tom was that he shot last year, and if anybody listening can get that answer right how long the beard on his turkey was will enter your name into more than one person if there's if there's more than one person if there's only one person you can see the window, but if there's more than one person hopefully there is will enter your name into a random name generator. Or will draw from a hat. I don't care how we do it. It'll be random but we'll go live on Instagram and we'll post the same video after we went live on Facebook and we'll do this random generator. And what we'll do is whoever can guess it will give you until I believe it's April 20th, right? Yes till 5 p.m. On April 20th. So 5 p.m. Two weeks from today post it comment it show our famous 20 March. What I say April? Oh, that sounds like Mars long time. Holy cow. I apologize March 20th Ave. You can and will put up a post to so that way you can comment underneath it Facebook Instagram. You can message us you can post or you can comment. Whatever you feel you can if you have my number you can text me. I don't care. Yeah, well we'll do is you have until then and if you win. After we draw these name guess the length if you guess it length correctly will draw and if you win we're giving away a Yeti Tumblr customized with our hot guy Outdoors new Hawkeye Outdoors logo. Yeah, that's one thing too that we're looking forward to because we haven't announced this yet. But like Logan said at the beginning of the podcast we recently changed from Hawkeye waterfowl to Hawk Outdoors Logan hit it right on the head with just we thought that hot guy waterfowl. Kind of tunnel this in One Direction. Yeah led us to you know, kind of having parameters about where about what we you know, what we think we can talk about our kind of our content parameters. So we change the hawk Outdoors. My stepmom is very good at graphic design very good on the computer. So she's in the process of creating us a new logo. Shut up Maria shout-out Maria and we got a little bit of samples from it this week and she's making some changes looks amazing. Oh, so as chasing Logan both said if you guys can guess the answer going to a random name generator March 20th 5 p.m. March 20th, Yep, March 20th, 5 p.m. Will announce the winner and you will get a customized Haka Outdoors Yeti Tumblr. I don't even have one laser engraved like yep. Yeah, we none of us have one. I mean it's which also means that I got to go buy a Tumblr now and it's a great. It's a great. It's a it's a hive out. I mean, it's a pretty high value. Give away so and that's not the only thing to give away wise. Our Instagram page were reaching a thousand followers. Obviously, we want more and more every day as many as we can get honestly, so we'll do a 1500 follower giveaway and that will be announced probably tomorrow, which is Saturday the 7th of March. Right. Okay, that's right. We'll probably announce that tomorrow. This isn't going to be our first giveaway on the podcast or this isn't gonna be our last giveaway on the podcast. I apologize and this isn't our first giveaway and this isn't our first giveaway. Yeah, we did a duck call giveaway for anyone I stuck all those nice duck all that was for 500 followers. Yep, and gentlemen, I can't remember where he's at. He's a college football player at some college and south or north. And he loves it. He has sent me multiple videos of him blowing the duck call and he's had some success with it. So the next one. Who knows it might be another duck call might be a bunch of stuff. Stay tuned. We're going to will make you stay tuned for that one. I should put to thank you guys for all the support on Facebook. I know we recently just became a lot more active with our Facebook page. We noticed that you know, we are having starting to get a decent amount of people that want to get involved and want to want to listen and want to follow and we started putting stuff on our Facebook and that's we're trying to Everyday be more active on. Can be active on social media and so I know last week alone. We probably gained a hundred fifty followers on Facebook or pretty cool bikes. And so that's it's awesome. Keep doing that. Keep telling your friends about it keep sharing it. You know, you're not you're not hurting you not hurt anything by letting somebody know about us and it's really nothing there Direction. So kind of transition into kind of are you know, one of our final things any funny Snippets from the week anybody witness anything funny anybody? Well, I'll cool thing. I saw this week. I was cruising around Waterloo along this River and I was looking at geese and I was looking for bands with my old binoculars because I had time in between classes kind of six. Exciting that's pretty awesome. So hopefully can squeeze up there actually this year. I won't leave early from a hunt and then you get a Snapchat from all of you guys that you shot bands and I can actually be part of that this year. So well, maybe if you weren't a loser and tired all the time, maybe you should get some sleep if we want to say funny last weekend Logan and I went up to Backbone State Park and good went no walk and they are still covered in snow because it's in the middle of the woods and we were walking our dogs and Logan proceeded to fall once and kicked our five four month old puppy to and he hated Logan after that and then spat was already once great, but I'll Rush the walk though every time I was walking a time it was somewhat select this dog stops and like looked at me. Like are you sure this is where your fat ass wants to walk then you almost fell a second time and then a third time we were out on the concrete and I was walking in front of and I heard room and I turned around to watch him Biff it and I couldn't breathe I was laughing so hard and he was so mad I wasn't hurt he was her and then Jack's the little dog was looking at me and pulling his leash the rest of the way looking at me like are you going to take me because I don't want to walk with this man anymore and I had to switch him dogs because he was literally terrified that he was going to get punted through the woods again and now I died I mean it was the best thing to watch Ever hearing him make a noise and then just smack the ground I couldn't help it and I felt so anything else you want to rag on Logan about tonight let's go let's let's let's go into that one I'm ready for it Tanner I have a funny story I have a funny story I went to Indiana over the weekend to visit Lindsay and you know I just going to be brutally honest I hate that drive that yeah it's a baby about seven and a half hours of just flat I mean you don't even get to look at Timber it's just flat dude I drove to Missouri to Kansas City that was four hours down from the drive from Interstate 80 I think it's 35 South you don't even realize you're on 30 you don't realize you're driving South until he like you see the Missouri line I honestly thought I was still driving West the restaurant yeah I guess visit yeah go ahead I'm sorry I should have corrupted finished no I just I hate that drive it's awesome when you get there we had a great weekend I always like going up there Lindsay's friends are amazing you're listening to this that's awesome if not you need to because I just shouted you how we went to Dave and Busters and it wasn't Lindsey and I tore it up there yeah we did yeah couple spent more money than I was probably supposed to when we were there but any time I go to an arcade it's what songs Dave & Buster's like I've never been on me it's the dream the only thing bad about it is and the weekends they're very very crowded crazy kids all around what would you do there what games what games did you play we played this really fun game where you like throw ping-pongs and you try to hit all these little dots to play beer pong no no different you just throw them yeah there's off the walls and they kind of Ricochet stuff and you have to get you up to once they're caught one of the Gods turned blue yeah and then we won that won a couple times and her one of her friends and roommates Aaron she hit the jackpot on one of those ones where it spins around and you have to like hit the button stop it on the thousand and it was on our card so so we got the Thousand tickets shout out to Aaron but no one on that Anon I mean as far as just a story this isn't funny at all but it was actually scary on my way home right as I got into when I was crossing into Illinois there was a semi ahead of me and it was it was pretty windy that day and so I don't know if he was looking at his phone whatever started kind of going off the road on the interstate and it was probably eight or nine cars up so I wasn't really in any danger but trailer started swinging like really bad it watched you drive your always and doing any kind of couldn't get it back and ended up trailer ended up swinging all the way around and he hit a guardrail and the whole front end of the semi like exploded like just pieces like flying up in the air and his trailer swung around and hit a car most of the cars braked like we're slowing down and one of the cars you always have that guy that tried to go by and the trailer swung around and hit the car and just launched it straight into like Bridge pillars and it looked really bad yeah I didn't I mean the Troopers an ambulance everybody was there pretty quick and they kind of detour This off an exit and had to go through a small town and everything. And like I said, I wasn't too mad about it because it's like the most dark know it was scary finish. Yeah, you know, it was sort of funny story yesterday. I would I substitute teach every Thursday in an inner city in Indiana and I had this fourth grade boy yesterday come up to me and he was like acting like he was cracking its back and like he made a sound with his mouth and he looks at me and he goes those he came up my back just cracked and then he like stretched and put his arm around. Haha. I was like and he like that mean God. Okay, you're not feeling it and you're in fourth grade. Hey shooter shoot man. I got a decently funny story which goes to the Don't hold your crap. Yeah today at work. I was in a crate. We were working up with a crane basket and we were all the way up in this basket and we had no intentions of getting down anytime soon and naturally. The morning hit and I your morning monster the two monsters that you drink the morning energy. Drink it. You know how terrible it is to be suspended up in the air by a crane and not really you're trying to focus on working. But you're also trying to focus on you know, keeping some elasticity down there and holding everything in and it just it's just bring your dad. Basically I speed waddle. As best as I could what sir is that? I didn't really wait too long. As soon as that basket was on the ground. I was out and gone in terms of the old Adam row, you know falls from the sky bird shit an idiot and follow this guy, but oh man that was Pretty rustling just don't I it was that's an experience. I don't ever want to have to have you can tell you that right now because that was I envy you because I have a nice toilet to always go to the bathroom and and the thing that just always blows my mind for trade workers and I have a porta potty is like a crapping in a porta potty on a 95 degree humid, Iowa day and your butt cheeks are sliding around because he's sweating and you got someone else was sweating. You got a nice draft coming straight up through the porta potty and yeah, I just smoked guys. Are you guys are a different breed man. I mean seriously, you think that's bad. Who knows when they had that. Polar vortex two years ago. Guess what? He's a porta potty then to also in your throat. Basically it was that was that was bad. It was one of the ones where I was so scared to stand up because I could feel part of my body freeze to this quality. It was not cool. No, it's tradeworks different. It's definitely something that it's not for the faint of heart and it's definitely not for sensitive people because I've heard and probably said plenty of things. Things that if you were in an office, you would get new a lot of trouble. Yeah, but no filter. No absolutely not. You can't have a filter it you never know what's going to happen. So, you know, yeah something can happen at work and next thing, you know, I mean, I look at it in a kind of a morbid way. If something ever happens at work, it's not it's suddenly not going to be my problem anymore. So, you know, that's one way to look at it. Right? Is that bad? Sydney gets a nice little life insurance payout with all that we'll call it good so as we wrap things up like we said just want to hit on it again giveaway giveaway March 20th by five o'clock 5 p.m. we're going to post something tomorrow for you guys to comment on so comment on it Facebook Instagram send us a text send us a direct message carrier pigeon I don't care yep it's going to go and do it we're going to mix hopefully have more Then one person you guys have to do a little investigating yourselves figure that answer out girls. You guys want to close it down? Well, I'll tell you one story. I didn't get that Focus say this earlier. Why not? Like heck? No, it's not a like bad. It's from a while ago. Tanner had said something about you guys making this podcast and kind of a good note to end it off on. I'd never got the opportunity to even tell you but your mom and I walk every day we walk the dogs and we have the route that we go and I you would I don't know anybody in this town. I'm not from here or anything like that but something positive for you guys is there is one gentleman. I don't know who he is your mom would no obviously he stopped and he wanted to see our dogs his little girl wanted to see him and stuff like that and he is someone who listens to you guys as podcast and he gave you guys a really great compliment I said that he really enjoyed it and I thought that it was really cool that you guys did it and that it's nice that even if people don't listen to it and it's not super popular that it's something that you guys have so it was a compliment to you guys and it's great so I thank you for that that means actually a lot because it you'll have to ask your mom who it was but it's it's tough because you know sometimes you're sitting there and you're like man shoot for the stars you're going to have who knows however many views followers this that and sometimes it's not what you think it is but you know and sometimes it is and but we really appreciate that and we've got some other big stuff in the works that were hoping it's going to you know kind of come on a book launch assist launch of steps further but yeah that's kind of for a later date so on that note when I asked to close it down I wasn't talking about another Remember to hear that was that's really nice. They're always looking for support especially from the community first. I mean that's you know, we're all born and raised here. So it's just grew up around almost everybody here. It's a blast zone. We are looking at get like we stated before getting a few high high quality individuals on here that no, no a lot have a lot of stories to share and I think you guys are really really enjoy future episodes and hopefully you've been enjoying it so far. Far so stay tuned for episode 6 it so anything to add Chase. Thanks for listening to in social media. Yep. You ready for this giveaway? Sounds good. Yeti Tumblr Hawkeye Outdoors. All right on that note. Thank you for tuning in. You guys have a wonderful Friday night if you're listening right now, if you're not have a wonderful weekend. I'm a beautiful and we will talk to you all next week. See ya.