Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time.Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows spring forward, right? So it's going to be 11 o'clock instead of 10 o'clock and it's still going to be 5 o'clock 5 p.m. And Isabel and hopefully you will not regret that lost our sleep too much because you will arrive to our CM on time. We look forward to learning with you then. Then okay now my second chapter 9 here the same type of the we keep that were in I keep saying that it keeps her getting back on the same themes and ideas that are present in the rest of the of the tractate and one project that I would really love to do. And I don't know if I will ever get to it but I throw it at them for anybody else to do is to trace these the contents points and how they are such a tremendous feat of composition that they are. Wherever wherever they fall right in throughout the my second and then here in chapter 9 the again come up and I don't know if they're if there's a Rhyme or Reason or order to what degree this is systematized, but I'm quite certain that it is no accident that there are so many returning points topics ideas that come up here. What I want to do. Your data has a that you have a large topic to address. I want to just be We went through a whole bunch of very nice. I would call them pit gummy more these wise sayings little pieces of gemara, you know attributed to each representing them and their we could you know direction that we can explicate them till the cows come home or we can just you know, I'm gonna read them and let them lie and and take from them what you will because I do think that there is wisdom in them. Okay first we have - bye Capra now the bar Capra it happens to be this is this is a unifying theme of a couple of these statements. Anyway, he said these things and therefore they are lumped together or collected together on this tough Terrace bar Capra, isn't he precious? Perfect. Sorry a so he Project Ara Chicago fatal wrecks William Barber is there what is the the one brief passage that the entirety of all of the fundamental principles of the Torah depends on that? Is there any such thing? What could it be? Right he he's not asking it as a question. He asks his question, but he means it to introduce the statement that he wants to say and he quotes a person. Can Miss Lee the whole dress ever behold refa. They whoo. Whoo. Whoo. Yeah share our hotel. Tessa right in all your ways acknowledge Him meaning in all your human being ways acknowledge Him God and he God will direct your paths. Yeah sure. He was the English translation is his direct I would say he will straighten your path meaning. Yes share. Yes, sir. Right straight. The idea is that if you gear everything that you do towards God God will help you go in a straight path back to him, right? That's the idea. My brother I feel the desire of era rather wait comes and comments on this idea and says, you know what you're doing something wrong, right? You still want to focus yourself? Keep keep God in mind a it might help you from you know too much Faith but also that this is this is your framework that if you are doing the right thing or you are doing the wrong thing it is all in the context of you know serving or perhaps ignoring the proper service of a cottage for a coup the Divine - by cobra. The Alum Eula made Adam at below woman. Ooh tricky Avec Le he again bark addresses a person should teach his children again his or her child a clean. It says a clean and simple craft easy as clean and easy craft Mahi. What what is that? What is a clean and Simple Craft? How do you go about getting this to be your professor profession? I'm rev Krista again this commentary from somebody. Master the tell me Utah refuse to says cut precious stones now, I don't know if that's such an easy task and easy craft. I think it's kind of actually quite challenging maybe nowadays with fancy Machinery, but certainly back then to get the facets of a jewel, you know accurate was certainly a challenge. It's interesting to me. It's very interesting to me that there's that there's such skill in required in what he posits as as an easy craft and also this is good. Sidered clean craft meaning as compared to and we know some of these professions from the time of the glare. This is no tanning went tanning is like the smelliest of all and you know, if your wife doesn't like you too much for your doesn't like the smell too much. It's grounds for divorce. So right there are such professions that we know to be less pleasing, I guess afterwards. I think this is the kind of job that you can leave at your job. Tana Tanya ready home are so this is reputed to have a see the compiler of the mishnah. He says the lamb Your bet a dime right him but off a toe ring in between so because don't have too many friends neighbors gathered in your house at one time snap my each Ray beam literal are the ideas. And if you have too many friends over then you get too close to them. And you end up is this again? It's a parsec from Mitch like that the friends when you have too many then there's greater possibility of strife. There's greater possibility of getting of your have your own self be hurt by this by the by the many of them Tanya and one more I think maybe to with review Tennessee says review revi Omer volume and Adam a petrobras potato potato. He says you should not appoint a guardian and overseer within your own house. She'll know lay low me not poti fire Joseph happy troubles, but all big toe Global Auto driver. So he says you should not have an upper trapezius. Over here an administrator in your house don't appoint such a person because had plenty for only heated this kind of advice. Then you'll save would never have been, you know in the whole interlude and and you know caught in The Wiles of a Chipotle farther away from Posey fire. But again, that whole story is how he gets thrown into jail, which is how he come to the attention of power which is how he has a big in a position to save Egypt from famine, which is how his family comes down to Egypt in a safe from famine and come on, so, I'm not really sure how How bad it is that you'll save was appointed the epitope has and even though of course he ends up in jail and that's not that's not a fun thing. Right? But the idea is that theoretically if you have extra extra people in your home who are integral parts of the household to the extent that they're so comfortable that there may in fact be a risk of sexual impropriety don't do it just don't have enough Metropolis in your house. I think that's where I'm going to stop. There are more other wonderful things here. Of course your data what Interesting about this section that you read is that it's almost like what they're doing is taking a series of Sookie man trying to figure out what's the moral lesson from them, you know, so it would be a puzzle that maybe you would just sort of read over quickly but it's trying to say no each puffs up in its own has like a deep moral lesson for us and I think that's a particular, you know sort of way to read tennis in itself. I want to focus on something different which is this lovely story that's in the middle. That talks a lot of think about the tension between what was happening at the time that the camera was written between Israel and Bob help. I'm a rough stock front Ravi. I've got who have a mysterious arrest Opera said reveal who would tell the following story because she erratic on kanina been a see rubbish. Hola Cola. So when huh Nina the son of review she was brother went to the diaspora, right? He goes to Bubble hayyim a bearish trend in dacovia Kardashian the Hotel Des Arts. He would figure out how to calculate the months, right he would do basically Kiddush hodesh outside of are it's outside of eretz Israel. So this was something that was typically not done as we know the Mitzvah of Kiddush of sanctifying were declaring each new month with a Mitzvah that specifically had to be done in Israel in yerushalayim, right? You would see the new moon you would go up to the best in they had this whole system where after they acknowledge they had enough Witnesses. That the new moon was seen they would you know communicate to other Jewish towns by putting up the putting up the you know, these Flames these torches and those even went into the diaspora that they would see those torches, but I think what's important here is that the ability to calculate months to create time the Holiness of time that we do through Kiddush. Ahora is an activity. That's very focused on are to Cyril. It should come out of are too strong. It's tied to the temple and for all of our holidays. So this cunning of a regular shoe has a brother, right? What happens is takes place after the break open Rebellion things in Israel are not so great at this time. Okay. So we're talking about the times of the tahini. This is not a Mariah. This is the Taniya. Mmm, and you know, he goes to bubble and basically he's like, I'm going to start doing calculating these months, but what that's really saying is he was going to start try to start strengthening. Ethan Judaism in the diaspora what is a law or set of laws that you would do to show that you're strengthening it? It would be doing Kiddush. Aho Desu. She grew a celebration a Tommy Jean-Claude Van You So eventually what happens the sent for him were two Torah Scholars from eretz Israel, right the people in Israel hear what he's doing and they sent to Scholars to me with him wherever he has he been keep our vendor no shows a higher than covid house. So who were these two Scholars were abused even Qatar and the grandson of Harder than go. Tell Kevin server out. I'm I'm Marla hands. So when hanina sees them, he says to them llama bottom. Why did you come aroo go? They said saint who Moto rabbana. We came to learn Torah. He's resell a him. Okay. So what does he do? So he says to them on a shame Hallelujah delay had or Hain vah vote am Shuba beta me - he said these people who are the scholars of Our Generation and their fathers learned in the temple, right? Kill Torres her shiny new. You write as we learned the hard even coup telomere have a problem in Karachi. Lavon Lavon. AB is super dumb. Yeah, right the grandfather of the second student. He would say many times. I read before the Kolkata the kohen gadol. I read the book of Daniel and I'm young con erev. Yom Kippur the ideas being is that what he's acknowledging? His hanina is here. He is. He went to the diaspora to strengthen Torah and now to Scholars very prominent Scholars are coming to actually learn Torah. Then it means that some of the tour that he's doing is taking and is bringing some good into the diaspora. He's feel whom it Tommy Bahama tearing, but what happens when he starts to learn with them, he would say something is tummy and the two students would say, it's tell her who I was serving. Hey Max hearing he would say something was us or they would say it wasn't it was muhtar was permitted his Riesling him. So then he says about them and it seemed Hawlucha so shoving right shove that same word that we saw with when we talked about a prayer. That's like a A worthless prayer. That's the same word, right? He says these are worthless people. She'll tell who him right they are there. Nothing. I'm Ruth. Oh, they said to him convert Bonita via Tahoe least or they said you already built us up. And now you can't demolish. You can't demolish our reputation. Khabar God's art Sevilla. Tell your holy presence, right you already built a fence and you cannot break through it. So you can imagine his frustration. They sort of come they say we want to learn and they contradict everything. He says so now he's like Alright you guys are not Great as I thought you were and they say no no, no, if you initially thought we were great. We still must be great. I'm Marla Hancock. I mean it continues and says me play My name is Jaime of attempt at Irene. I'm your server temperature. And so we asked me says why is it that when I see something's coming you say it stop whore and when I say, it's us or you say it's Ruta Rouleau. They said to him he'd been a shuts him up there shining the covid a single quotes Arts because what because you are calculating the years and establishing months outside of eretz Israel, and you're not supposed to be Doing at and so basically what I think they're saying is that we can't trust your helluva because you're doing something that you know, you're not supposed to be doing. I'm Marla him. He says to them follow a Kiva been you're safe. I am they're very shiny black overcoat - neighborhoods Arts. So now he's talking about a Kiva been yo say, so he says didn't he do this? He also would sometimes calculate the years and established the month outside of are tourist route rule. Oh, okay. They said to him hon off Previa Kiba shallow. He kneeled Camuto Barrett's her child. So he said, Case of rebbi Akiva write V brother you keep a we talked about earlier this week, right? He there was nobody like him and Richard Strauss. So when he left to do this outside of eretz Israel, he was allowed to because there was no greater Sage than him. I'm Marla and he answers back to them at funny low. He nasty kimoto bear to throw. So he says I didn't leave anybody that great in eretz Israel. I'm Rouleau. They say to him kids a ancient astronaut suit ashamed of a lake her name to Haines to go new at Spike. So they said the the kids who you left behind have now grown into goats with horns. Meaning. Yes, maybe when you left because you left at a time when things weren't good, right? It was right after the Broncos by Rebellion things were sort of in a downswing everybody's grown up. We've had time to rebuild and you know what now things are a little bit better and now we we actually we are greater and there are good times are coming in eretz Israel. They'll clean everyone knew right and they sent us to you meaning the tell me Jim Popham of eretz Israel sent us to you whoo-hoo Vee. Low-pitched may know in show me I'm new tab the in lobby. Hey, Benny, Choi said they go tell so and what do they want us to do? This is what they sent us go and tell them in our name if he obeys meaning if he's willing to listen to what the coming of eretz Israel fine. So that's why they were testing them by learning how love with him the fact that canina was never willing to agree with what these tell me they have come and we're saying for merits of Sorel if you'd done that that would have been five but if he doesn't obey Benny do a he will be ostracized. So I'll be put like, you know, like in a firearm being my last name is Rebecca laughs and tell our brothers in the diaspora. Mm. Show me muta the in lab. Yeah, Laila harre. Actually I even let me spare. Huh? Nina Nina game between or these Peru Colombia younger and let him say look real. Okay, sir out and if you don't obey if you don't obey the Torah of eretz Israel to Sage has a very strong-willed fine, but then you should climb a mountain a CEO who was one of the leaders of the community in Vaudeville. He'll Builds an altar meaning what they're saying is by you not obeying. It's like you're making another religion. You're not making another bait timing - so you're doing a vote has our is almost what I think they're saying here. It's like you built an altar. Ananya, right? It's like you who was the lady who he was a lady? So it's like you will play the keenora meaning you're going to act like you're in a separate to me - you're going to do the world's Elite of the levy and all will what these Peru coulomb everybody will be a heretic. Okay, and they will say what that they have no portion in the God of Israel, okay Mia Double Cola on the Vecchia, but I'm Ruth Hospital immediately immediately great the whole nation burst out in tears and they say God forbid class with solemn we do have a portion in in God of Israel now you and then if finally concludes with the following the whole kapalama me Zoom Cinemark key meeting on tato who Devar Hashem you shall I am so the question is why is it that the coming? So strongly that you couldn't have this establishment of this Centre of Torah outside of eretz Israel and they quote this famous poster from Utah who parapet plus a kennel chapter 2 verse 3 right from from out of Zion shall go forth the Torah and the world were detach them from you. Rochelle Line This is a beautiful passage that I think really underscores a lot of the tension that took place between eretz Israel and between Belleville remember what's going to happen later on in this gemara is there's going to be a discussion. About what was all the debris tour that was given when the Han and moved from yerushalayim Teavana. How did they greet that community and how do they praise that Community for basically rebuilding Torah in outside of your Rochelle Ian. And so I think this story comes a little bit ahead okay of it to sort of discuss what some of the tensions were there were going on in the times of the tonight, right? This is just one torch about pack right when or law is becoming established as We know today in the form of the mishnah and we see that air through straw was very concerned about sort of having their you know, that that be mantle of Torah or that the Torah that comes from eretz Israel needs to be kept special and needs to be understood as sort of being the leader of the world that that would be taken away from them by establishing something else outside in bubble. And I think it's very key that the mitzvot that he was Trying to do was the calculations of the month that's sort of like the essential Mitzvah the control over time. Even after the daytime. It just has destroyed is still something that the Jewish people still had the ability to do but it needed to take place in Israel. Kiddush floaters always took place in Israel. And the fact that ananya was trying to do it honey. No was trying to do excuse me outside of eretz Israel. And in Vaudeville was very very disturbing to the rabbi's in eretz. Israel will see this time. Appear in other places this was just I think a beautiful example of it and certainly his intentions were good. He was trying to rebuild something. But ultimately we conclude with community on Tate cetera. Right is VAR Hashem bearish aligned ultimately Totoro. Where does it really come from? It comes from Israel? I would say on a personal note where have I seen that recently and I think that will get to my next little section less and you want to say something first is like I was bleep. I do get I won't loan away. You know by the Hadron see him that Michelle Farber organized to me that was like an example of came to see on tasty Torah like it's bird something. There are so many women. I know now who participate participating and feo meet for the first time and for me. Yes, there are wonderful institutions in America and people are learning but there was something about that that CM took place in Israel. So inspiring for people that I felt like that was like call coming out from Israel. I find it beautiful that a good portion of this stuff of the second operative. Anyway is talking about the beauty of Torah and it goes and you know, if you look through the basic theme here it talks about even met on tour and how it was just such an important wonderful experience made some of these likewise statements that I've picked up on. This is the focus the idea of learning being an essential component that I think that it's again not an accident that this is how Brotherhood is a fabric that is coming to a close because You know, honestly, there are sections of Mustafa bro code that are challenging both philosophically and the language of it and what are the references and things like that but it's a diverse mess ahead and it is it captures the imagination and it's talking about all kinds of things that are you know, kind of part of daily life as Brock hold our right? And I think that the we're about, you know, the mastectomy go in order in to there's a whole other there's all kinds of Amara on no, let me say this better. There's all kinds of mission. I accepted a messiah that follow moussaka broke out in theatres writing but the next bit of Gomorrah and you kind of have to love it to delve into it is much much more. I think I will find out if I'm wrong about this much more challenging in terms of there's a lot more hell a fake debate. There's so in some ways. That's it's a more focused kind of page as opposed to so many different topics where we all want to talk talk about all of them, but It's a different kind of learning and the idea that toll rate is given and tour includes elephant or includes all that is about to come right the entirety of shots that lies before us. I think it's pretty exciting. I do want to just note here that there's this kind of an odd. I don't know interlude between this discussion of how wonderful learning is and how wonderful Torah is it says as follows? I don't have become conical braids would be cih confer asshole ready time from says take - I rated Encore recreates myself a favor. I haven't assumed right here's a person who said who reads catch my both every morning and every night the air of a sudden. Oh, Cory, he misses one night Dome. It can meet shallow corrupt creates not been told them he is liking to someone who has never secretes my ever and if you don't see it every single evening and every single morning of your entire the entirety of your life, then it says if you never say it at all he cannot and and the the commentary or says he cannot compensate he can't make up. Short it's not to say that those other evenings don't really count but you can't make up for something that you miss and II don't really have a good answer to why this is kind of slumped in between discussions of how valuable Torah learning is but I do think that it lights a fire under us to pay attention to what we're doing and make sure that we don't you know that we don't miss out on what we cannot make this bizarre plug for everybody to keep doing Shabbos with us. I'm gonna end with one last thing and it's gonna make me feel close. I already told him this ahead of time. So you guys will excuse me. If I get a little teary the gemara here is reading this is the section right after what an read it's disgusting a positive which is mentioned in the section before and devouring parrot Subs Ian pus of tech right chapter 27 verse 9 has skate sushma Israel how yamas and he ate Roll Em Right keep silent. That's what the word has gate means and here Israel this day you have People good. Maura says has changed as Tookie Tookie Tookie. Scuba Tower, right? What is the word mean here? They're using it as an acronym and they're saying as Sue right form titoki tote for many groups, like using the Hub that's in Husky for many groups be scuba Torah and be busy, you know or choir Tara. The fish ain't had to Ronique Nadel of the Cobra Torah is not required less studied in a group that my tears. Coming there. She goes four people don't know me personally. I cried everything and what we the rest of the section but what it basically is talking about that you basically can't learn Torah unless you do it in a group tomorrow. We're going to finish Krakow and and I took a tremendous gamble by sort of starting this podcast. It's in a way. I keep sending me and it's like narcissistic like you feel like you have something important to say or something to share. The response has just been quite like personally for me. Overwhelming and hearing from so many people the conversation people want to continue learning with us feel that we have something valuable to stay and I think it's really summed up in this line of the Chimera that all we were trying to do here is to recognize Shane had ceramic Nadel Abu kabura. So we just want to thank everybody for creating such a beautiful kabura with us are learning has been enhanced by all of you listening the comments the feedback that you've given us. We are really excited to finish my stuff. I brought hope with you tomorrow and more importantly to start my selfish about with you on Sunday after a virtual see him. I will hand it off with you Anne. Well, I'd like my Twilight my tears of joy and gratitude really Vision has given us the clock to come this far. Oh, I mean I I am I'm not for clamped at the moment, but that doesn't mean I wanted and that I haven't been and that I won't be in that I haven't been and I and I want to Echo what you're saying and thank everybody for for what you are controlling all the listeners here are contributing much more than I think maybe each person has any idea because it is this silver exactly of Learners that that is very exciting for for us. Okay. That's our deaf discussion for the day, you know. Where you can find us, you know, we want to talk to you and thanks again to Michelle Farber for hosting us and had run until tomorrow's deaf go and don't forget to join us.