Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running the whole game around us right now.That's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah, so that's how I do it. It ain't no rushing telling the truth and you know people Asking for videos after videos and stuff that they need to get break down or you don't have to rush it people. You know what I mean? If it's something that needs to get out there to the people. Yeah. I'ma be on it. Yeah, he better know. Yeah, we ain't gonna leave nothing out. Yeah want to truth on the light is in it we gonna go for it. No doubt about it and respect everybody. And now with the bitter truth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we never gonna be gone. And that's why we are in this podcast right here. Are you already know that definitely pissing me off on YouTube? Yeah, you know what? I mean? She is after she is coming at the Mad neck. Yeah. Yeah, of course, you know, why yet? It should hurt think it's a job. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I respect all the people that follow the bitter truth because yes, not anybody can stomach it go get it. Yeah. Yeah, of course the deception is ought to let Go finest in life that they give you in this Matrix, of course a lot of people go keep a hold on it. Yeah, and like I said subject we go this custard a deception of the world. Yes, and we go talk about it all they ever get to run the world or they get to control everything all the so-called resources how they get to control it and use it to control man. How did they do that? Here we go. Get into that and discuss it talk about it. You know what? I mean? Yeah, like I said man this channel right here that I'm putting it right here with this podcast. Yeah. It's very reasonable. You know what I mean? Yeah, and I told you already just my opinion. Yeah the end of the day. Yeah, of course now we go get into it because like I said when we talk about the system and how it was built it was set up from the banking system all the way. You know what? I mean the whole thing that control Life After People you understand everything built around the money you get it. The money system is basically what control human beings that's what they built their life around. You understand the money in the middle and everybody moving around it. You understand. That's what it is people everything in the satanic are out based on money. Yeah. Yeah, and they tell you if you're rich enough, you will live longer you can get the resources it is out there that can make you live longer. That's what they tell you what we already know what they do people. Yeah, they'll eat people feed on the human being blood most young people blood. Yes. They have a whole bunch of styles that they do it in whether they drink it take it into the mouth. Are they basically doing facial with it and everything else but and everything blood transfusion? Yeah, yeah, that's how they do it. So what I'm telling you right now people the money, it means a lot to the devil people and a lot of people saying they're praying to the father for money who you think you're praying to you can never prayed to the Creator this Earth for money the Creator never create money you understand your father off this Earth never create money the devil people who want to take over the people that God that take over God people. You have to use money. Yes money is in biggest distraction of man. And the destruction of man. They'll tell you is the root of all evil. You think they're playing. Okay money let a lot of people even kill a family and friends. You understand. That's just what it is. People saw the whole system built our own money, you know this you can build credit Miss money. What do you think they call credit your credit? Depends on how much money you pay back here you borrow some money and pay it back. That's your credibility right there based on money and finance. You know what I mean? A lot of people nowadays. They got problems their life couples a problem because I want the same Finance, you know, it's something that used to go good start going bad, you know enough money not coming in. All of a sudden is our fight. You know what? I mean? So they set that up right there to fuck with the masses. Are you have to understand that that's what the mass is is after the after that money that cash that riches The American Dream all of that shit is based on money. You can't get none of that done without money cheat. You know what I mean? You want to go to the hospital you want to go to the doctor? That's money. You know what? I mean, you want to drive on the road you want a driver's license you have to have insurance to drive on the road. Everything costs money people everything so they make in the world nowadays. Our Tech. Everything is taken. Everybody's. Oh yeah is technology and yeah, we're moving along and no no what you gotta understand is more technology. They're coming with the more money he go cause the consumer the people gotta go deeper in their pocket support all of these technologies that they have. They want to give you a home security. They want to give you cable internet all that shit what you think It wasn't a dig deeper into your pocket. So they keep coming up with new stuff to basically charge people for it. They tell you about 5G in America. Basically, there's no 5G in America. And if you notice if your cell phone company jack up your bill $5 that they did it to me, you know that mean they put $5 extra my bill. I gotta call him and tell him I don't want it because if I've G don't work different from the dam 4G like I don't say about the damn 3G never change when they brought to the fore is the same thing. So you you click on a YouTube video and you get a little buffing but this shit telling you that you aren't 5G, so I tell them hey, you need to take that off my phone and the 5 G still pop up on it, even though they have to take it off my phone. I told him to take it off down there then give me back my money that you already charged me for it because they don't work. Yeah. So now you understand all that do is give you more technology so-called to dig more in your pocket you So now let that you need to protect you your information. Basically your credit information. They don't want saying that you won't lose your info where somebody could go to the car dealership get a car in your name or get credit cards in your name and your identity. They're gonna steal your identity. So now what they go tell you to do is basically get something like a LifeLock the government and put that together. Where they claim that they're gonna lock your identity and keep it safe. Now what you have to understand all this I upset they give you leading up to that where you need something to lock your account. You need some some some some kind of company to keep your account information. So it won't get out there and make you seem like you're some kind of invalid and you need help every damn time. So that's why they create those stuff and then they tell you that life like that hack. They happen deeply happened already. I'm showing you all the government system. Charlie masses Paul did put it together or they can get to use it against you because most of the people think alike most of the people in life think alike. That's why I said dummies. That's why I use that word a lot. I use the word dummies to to basically addressed it the majority the ones that believed in everything. They just take it and run when you're gonna use your brain. If you take everything they give you and run with it when you go To use your brain. That's why I'm so mad at the people for listen to somebody who believe in the bar Earth. Are you going to listen to Somebody That believe in the baller that mean you don't have known brain? Why would you listen to him? That don't make no sense that show is that you got some low IQ. You can't teach you no more you get what I'm saying? So I'm trying to tell you people know the way they get to run this system and make it successful. They have cons you So they have to know all the people work in order for them to know your work or your brain think that the one who created thinking you want you you want to bet me on it. Then it want to make you think what you think a lot of people looks on different TV shows and you know documentaries or whatever they often those are programming. So you see reality shows there to program a little youngsters are watching it. They're watching The Hip Hop and you know, love and hip hop on it. Is garbage, you know housewife or something or you feel what I'm saying? Some programming got them and believe it or not people some people watching them be like just like you might be addicted to something that you just want at admit it. Are you can admit it to yourself. Are you act like you don't know you feel like you're in control, but you actually getting controlled by that substance that you are addicted to is the same thing with the TV show where you be like no, it's not programming me. I don't watch it. I'm open my eyes and I can watch. You don't know no it got you in getting your subconscious mind is getting to you without even knowing so with those reality shows are you see the base of them is just drama drama drama drama is that nobody is not supposed to sit down comfortable and chat have a conversation are this now that a rule you sit in a restaurant you see them sitting in a restaurant for five and six of them. They're not family about their cell car look up and I'll let them fight and everybody. Hate each other. Why would you have all of these people sitting at a table if they don't like each other or the fuck that get there? That's what I'm trying to tell you. They just basically set that up. So the mass is getting a frame of mind that everything is about fighting and arguing another. You know what I mean? Like you can sit down and talk you have to be down each other told that's what they teach you that teach you that in it in your subconscious mind. That's that's what you're supposed to be. You know, don't ask why everybody's so dramatic nowadays. Everything is just dramatic simple thing. No you break out in a panic mode like you see everybody running right now getting the toilet paper and getting drink and everything because of this whole called coronavirus, huh? I just did a video I'd I'm actually question why you do why are you thinking the toilet paper what you want with a toilet paper? If the dam were gonna hit what you gonna do with Tyler paper if everybody gonna die from that coronavirus, huh? What are you gonna save you from from having this disease? I don't get it people. What's up with the toilet paper? Bounty The Damp paper towel. Wow people just dumb but like I said a program your mind. They tell you all the think and they can't program a smart person and they can't read a smart person. Mine. They can't the dummies is regular the regular people regular people think the same and they can count on it. They can bet their money. They roll the dice every day on it and they come to the winner. You understand because they know for sure. Or all the people going to react when they bring some things to you. That's why I tell you when the pandemic hit that they're putting together anything can pack it up. You can come with anything. You can commit a whole package. You don't understand what happened in people taking of tally paper you be there. What's up with the toilet paper? I can't put my finger on it, but anything can happen in a pandemic people so that I tell you that know how your thing. So they manipulate your brain yanis. and so it goes back from way way way back way way back when As a secret society was created the first secret society that they decide that they can take over man, the weak-minded people. That's what it is people they feel like okay. Well, here we go. We have a we have a thousand people right here in this room and you can have 10 people at thousand people, you know come together and say you know what? Hmm. I sense that these people are you can be Aided you understand under 10 people that so-called come together kind of an idea. How to manipulate people are they see that that that opportunity once they come together and put it together and say yeah, you know what we can really do this and they started out there's no stopping him you understand because what you have to understand that a nine hundred and change people at their 990 those people idea is dumb. That's what they're gonna look at them as because they're not thinking Like that 10 people right there so that nine hundred and change people right? There is all dummies to them so they can play the game on them say, okay. All right, I'm gonna run over here and capture that land over here. I'ma run over you put my name over there. I'm gonna run over there. And then if one of these people out of these 990 people once someone somewhere to live want a piece of property. No, they have to buy it from me now hold those people gonna set it up where you're supposed to buy a land. No, don't worry. They have banking system set up where you can go borrow the money from the bank where you're never gonna see a dollar but you're gonna borrow the money from the bank so called and then you can buy the land you can purchase land with that money order that same 10 people that put it together. You understand a few of them running this bank system right here. He wouldn't run in this land is housing. They take over the whole thing and by numbers that 10 people would have grow into this grown. So strict secret society where you call Illuminati skullenbones Freemasonry is all wrapped up in one. So what you have to understand all of those secret society back in the days, they can never go against each other. They would already fall. All but they take resources from the other all of them use each other we resource which is that's what the human being should have been doing on Earth in the first place. But like I say with that group of people that percentage that one percentage over there and basically, you know manipulate and take over. I know they take over the resource where they have to you have to buy it from them. So therefore you can fly. Airplane you can use okay. I'm a Creator airplane in flight. You know that right? That's why they have the FAA. You can just fly something in the air. There's rules and regulation. If you have a drone you have to license that drone to fly it and you still will get in trouble all depends. You know, you get a boat you cannot jump in the boat and go to see, you know, there's rules and regulation to also to see we already know about the The roads and everything they build roads on this land and then they tell you listen you can drive on this road unless you get this piece of paper. We call a driver's license and this insurance and all of these criterias that we got if you don't follow it you can drive on our roads, but why is it roads did we didn't decide that we need the roads there so we can pay for to drive on it. I'll get these these these these things that it required to drive on it. No, we didn't decide none of that. Well, you just born in this world in this satanic Earth because they created the manipulators do it all people there working for the Devil Himself on this Earth what you think why was that 10% that 10 people from the thousand people come together and decide to do that. Why how Vic diesel Bloodlines after Farland That's what I did the like. I don't tell your people. This is my opinion. Like I don't tell you that there's different kinds of entities human beings, but they attached to some other entity and the only thing you can look at and take it is a fallen angel they do so much to represent themselves and show that that's them right there. That's why you see all presidents all world leaders is all connected by Blood Line dead. One will put them there people. No lie. That's why they can maintain this one world government. They maintained in it how they do it. They have to plant one man over in the East one man over here every country every country gotta be involved in it. Don't tell me all this country. Where is a rubber country and they they find no. No, they all the same. Not what you think he come from to rule that country how they The one who put him in place people all of those so called dictators from back in the days. Daddy one who put him in place the same secret society the 10% that I refer to back in the understand what I mean, that's all they do it people. They're the one who manipulate the whole game and the mass is because you have to live in it your barn in it, but you see the rules you have to buy a piece of land over there SL always jaune Tom on the land. Where did John? I'm get it he bite from Airy, you know, what back and back and back when you go back. They buy it from the government all did the government on that piece of land when we said the government a lot of people don't understand when I say the government the government is the system. You know, it's not necessarily who you can see you understand me because the people that you see where your car government they actually doing the work for the damsel eat. So the Elise use the government as puppet. They're the one who put those government in place use them as poppet. So when I say it's a government system is mean it's run by the government meaning the elites puppets the glitz it minions. Those are the ones who do in the government work. And in keeping you in line giving you laws and put everything in line tell you all we have these Supreme Court people and they're the ones who decide there's no they are all prophets of old geezers they pile up there all people look like they're hundred years old. You think they can remember their damn name Moses to decide shit. I don't think so. But that's how it is people they set everything up in place and it's not hard. It's easy as cheese with dumb people like I don't tell you he said That those programming that's why you see Advanced TV and binge-watching and the more show you binge watch it. I'm sorry the more dhamma you get the most shows you been watch and Netflix and any TV platform. It's a brain wash and it got you brainwashed. That's all it is. They set it up just like that so know when the brain was go to they know when they whip it across. Say for instance. We okay. We have seven and a half billion people in this world when they're with that program across the whole wide world. They know what least six are five and a half billion people gonna suck it up you get what I mean? They don't care about the rest. The rest is us the people that know that something is in place to control us the people with a little wake are fully awake. Those are the people who are going to be the number that didn't get touched because they know what's going hang on like okay, we see that we're not in that number but they don't care about us. They're looking at the there's no way Des Des Des Des two billion left can can can overcome this five and a half billion people. There's no way this 1 billion people can can overcome this six and a half billion people you get what I mean? So they always tell you that majority rules because they're not lying once they program the majority. It's over. The majority rules so the majority gonna so cast and that's why you see so hard to wake up. That's why I tell you don't listen to none true that saying the same thing as a mainstream what the fucking sense are you waking up? Why would you want to be awake when you listen to the people that saying the same thing as a mainstream what I tell you I said everybody in the mainstream sing the same song did not say that everybody in the mainstream sing the same song. So if you see one of them come out and he's singing different you soon change your tune. Just like I tell you what the Kyrie Irving saying the Earth is flat stiff, except Curry saying that the moon landing was a hoax they heartbeat it back because they have to All singing the same song you just playing with you you're gonna end up capturing the people that believe in him and also know that the moon landing is a fake you gonna turn them over to believing that the moon landing Israel now that he pulled the scam on you you understand. So don't listen to what Zachary that tell you that the Earth is around bomb because you can watch NASA for that. Why you call you truth-seeker? Why would you be a truth seeker? And he tell you the same thing as a fucking dumb people that we're trying to hide from and we trying to get away from Why would you teach us about the same thing that NASA ABC CBS all of them give us 4 news. That's what they use to brainwash us. So, why would we listen to this guy? That's feeling the same shit and the masses we shouldn't listen to him. Anybody that's been in the mainstream or you think I'll break down those boys that on YouTube talking that crap or you think I'll break him down because they're singing the same thing as the mainstream media will Eadie Find instant news drop said two men that down the road. He don't do no checking on the oh, yeah, two black men died today. They killed him in the street. Why is your going the same thing as a nose and you telling us that you breaking us truth? Are you telling us to that you're saying the same thing as a Liars? We know the mainstream is lying. We know the news mean. It's a lie. How would you take the same thing from the nose and bring it to us and tell us his truth? Careful who you listen to people. That's why I'm separating the truth from the fakery lot of people. Some are wise you going against these guys? Cuz imma rip him apart. I'm ripping them apart tear them wide open so you can see them. There's no deception in the truth. So once they did a gatekeeping and it messing with the truth, of course, I'm a bearing don't ask don't ask why I'm a go at their neck and get rid of them off YouTube and let people know that they are fake because you can destroy At the truth in me around you understand. I'm not just speaking the truth. I'm also defending the truth. You understand. So the lies Not Gonna Stand of course and that's why we here I like I say people went when the trick start working the trick that they put in place start working everybody fall in Pace everybody. Just take their role play their role fall in place really easy because they know your thing. And like I said the percentage that not thinking that way you call him an idiot because you're not running to go get Tyler. But in a fucking fake shit with a coronavirus almost people you you see running to go get water and toilet paper and all this shit. You think that the smart people gonna do that? No, they're gonna sit back and look at you and be like, look at what we come to how do we get so dumb in this world where they can just hit the panic button that you run your business shut down small business shutting down so that means No movement. Restaurant everything I've seen it myself everything shut down basically people why it coronavirus gonna kill us. Wow. Wow, that's a joke people. We need to wake up man. And if the system never work, they could never pull it off. That's why we go back to the system that they put in place to brainwash the masses. The news would never stop people. They would never stop their In you continue any social media you go and he said coronavirus you can own a virus you can't get away from it because you have to be smart to shake it. What you gonna do everybody. I tell that it's a hoax and they looking like but the people die people died as an almost certain people you give you pick up off the ground that fell on the ground. I how much of them did you take to the hospital? How much of them you Barry? What do you mean you mean that you can't Firm that they actually die. You don't know nobody that I didn't show you nobody that die. Let us tell you all these people are they calling out over 70 years old at that you believe them the program in after work people then know that it's easy to work because the people is dumb they are ready program. And some people will say well there's nobody controllers and nobody doing nothing. Nobody manipulating us. Who is you're paying for stuff. Who is you when you go buy a piece of land who you're buying from? What who hold it? Whoo. Oh gnarly lands who owned every damn thing. You think it's a regular people? I don't think so what you got on the stand doodle and that you bought you bought a piece of land and you still paying tax for that mean you don't Own it when you buy something, you don't still pay for it people. That's what you need to remember anything that you have to still pay. The government far is never yours. It can never be yours. That's why you have to pay yearly yearly after you already so-called body to your body. But no you have to keep paid just so you can maintain it and stay with it so we can stay in your name. You have to keep paying for it. And as soon as I stop paying boom, they take it back. Is that clear? Here's you buy a house in Babylon. You think is yours? No, you still paying tax for that property tax school tax and all of that. What do you think people? Hmm. Are you sitting there looking at all the federal government? They give us cool. They give us oh, they give the kids education. No two people in that area where you see that school. Those are the people paint the school tax. So the people to the kids can have a little you know place to We learned so called what you already know that's a brainwashed box is set up for the people still but what I'm saying, when you look at it, you know, the people can say alright, you know the government then do nothing for us. Because if you paying tax and you paying tax and you paying tax, that's what build that school you didn't fund by no federal government. Why are you charging us our property tax that we already by we already buy the property and we still have to pay tax for that property every year because you don't own it. So you'll never hold. Nothing show you somebody is running the Mind Game. Who is it the secret society? Yes them. They try not to pull. That don't exist. So always running this whole shit. It's them people wake your ass up. There are running the whole game and the mass is they put the trump in character to run America. They put the pluton Toronto Russia and by anyway, your goal it's the same thing. They did want to plant them there. You understand. There's no fighting going on all wars is propaganda. You understand agenda for the dumb people. All wars is fake. They all together. Why would they fight? It's just a hoax people. That's all they do it. Sometimes they will get a lot of people killed in these fake Wars. You understand same people who were killing each other you send people from America. So okay we go send it to Afghanistan. You send them to Afghanistan Afghanistan knowing the leader of Afghanistan knowing that the whole thing is a sham with pile up some soldiers and And them to go fight with those soldiers American sin, so they could all kill each other. You understand just to make it look real. That's a wicked the system is and you think it's not the devil running it you have another thing coming. Yeah, and I'll tell you it's a small truth from the Mad bam and of course sound little mad today, but yes, it's the same pad cast. We were running smooth and nice. You know what? I mean? I like I said it Point go get across the Truth is bitter so don't mind always come out. A lot of people mad so mad you cost too much, but I'm telling you I'm passionate about is truth. And that's how I come out. I don't work with a script, you know, you can tell the people who have a scripture, you know, we're like the cousins so they could cross that out. They can cross it out of there. I can't do it because I don't use script. I'm just flowing Straight From the Heart and that's all it is and I try to tell you people don't be thinking that we just run around mm on this. Earth Everything Is Random you mad if you believe that people that's when you know, you really losing it. It's not in random. Everything is by Design they get to feed you the food that they wanted to heat no light people if you know this you can really grow food and all these oils that you see around you most of it can go shit what you have enough food in the world to sell the People are GMOs. Yes, and you still don't believe that there's a secret society running the whole thing. You better believe it. And this is part one we go do part 2 maybe another day. Here we go get deeper in it. Yeah who's really running the world? Uh-huh. Yeah, of course. Shout out to the people believe in the bitter truth. You know that goal. Yeah much respect. And I got all your messages man. You know what? I mean? You go show them some time. I'm going to check him out. I need you to saw him out. Yeah, some of them. I'm going to share. Yeah, and this show yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I appreciate your love from all of y'all. You know what I mean? I even see some of my people somebody peoples who hate the mag. I don't understand man. It's weird. You know, you can follow somebody around if you hate him. I don't understand. I don't know if he said if it's something that people just do or if it's just in my case. I don't know but you you can't hate somebody and just follow everything that they do and follow them around and this P. You have a reason to be mad at the Maga I what happened? I don't get it because you're mad but you followed the Mac Every Move. I Make huh? Well that Or stay a mystery. Yeah, of course. Yeah, like I say man, it's not about better true, but it's still love for the people. You know what I mean? That's why I do it. All right. Yeah and the Saturday edition of This Bitter truth on the podcast. Yes, you know this you get a longer version. Yeah. Yeah, and I tell the people man stay up keep your brain working don't ever shut it off. Yes and stay awake. Make sure you know what you're doing in the satanic Earth and like I say in this pandemic don't follow the the people with no brain box running around like a loose chicken with her head cut off. You understand don't buy no mass and stay away from them and sanitizer wash your hands with soap and I tell you already if you are going person you need somebody to tell you to wash your hands. You know what it is. I'll be under a better to take it in. I'm pretty sure all the people for listening today man. You already know not respect 100% in.