Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner.Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot Bum, that's the vibe. I'm always going for ya dip your toe into work for like a second back to the pool. Take a nap. I feel like so much of Allah is like networking and meetings that don't have to happen and then most people flake on most of them so they actually don't even happen and I love I love canceled plans to makes me so happy literally. I yeah, it's way better than I like to make a plan just to cancel it because that good high it gets of the candles like yeah and when they text you like actually I had something happen yesterday was like an hour and a half before and she's like no, And it's like the only hi I'm getting in sobriety. However, even so for a little over two years ago for you, then I'm a slut. Oh, yeah, like yeah, that's the to house. I'm getting any who know, I'm so happy to have your egg. I was like you're gonna die too because it's the East Coast thing I can tell you're just that's when he came in. I was like a bit use You're Gonna Want the snacks the candy would like we come in and just a wee Barrel into places and he presents like call me. Hurricane Hannah. Yeah, like what do you have for me? You like can't help but say exactly what's on your mind when you walk into a place. Yeah, the people here it's kind of annoying in New York people. They say people are assholes but it's just because it's such a high volume of people that you can high saturation in a small space that you can't say good morning to everyone and like transactional things. Like it's very like I go to the bodega. Thank you. I don't have to be like smiling making eye contact and here in the morning. They were like, oh my I love your T-shirt and I was like do we really need to do this exchange? You don't have to win me over. I'm not an agent. I'm not like gonna hire you for a film Julie. I don't even like this funny t-shirt is not that good and then I but it's like it's nice, but I'm not used to those like transactional conversations being Pleasant. You know, the you look right now, I'm like I look disgusting. Please don't know you look great. Thank you. She compliment me on my channel. So that's the biggest compliment. You could ever give me. Yeah. I started ranting on something else and like Five minutes later. You were like, wait. Did you say like my tan? I haven't given you a compliment yet, and I'll get back to you. I'm really bad Direction your geographically challenged. It was a nightmare getting you here. Yeah, I had to call you. That means like no, thanks. And you're like first of all when it said Beverly, please I was like fuck she could be in Koreatown for all I know it's literally a block away. No, it's like thank God damn with me to I was like guys it's unheard Beverly, please and then it was a bracha block away and I'm like I was like, Don't know. I don't know how that got switched up in my calendar. I was pretty upset about it. Someone's getting fired. That's all. I know this last someone to your thank you for getting there on time today. I always say that's Tommy's getting real fucking re me out. I'm just like you did amazing. Did you just are we not got it that's what you get for not giving me a compliment. That's true the blouse still that wasn't coming. You think I'm messy story to tell yeah, you know what? I mean by Massey did you listen, you know, if you I know I know I've messy stories but I like so many I'm like, where do I even begin? I have to make a list of mine and I try to check off without sure one too. Yeah. Can you go first? Okay, I'll go first. I mean if I should have no you go first. Okay, so this is messy and like A stupid way and physically I own you know, what we've had all sorts like Alexis Meyers along here if she wins she told story about almost getting sold and like an Arabian fucking prostitution ring and Italy so like know that it's a wide range. Yeah. Dammit Alexis why you got to show me up so high I actually owe practice this because it's one of the stories that I tell when I perform, but I had like The worst date I've ever been in been on I'll tell that story. Look at you looking all scared. It's messy I'm curious it gets real fucking messy. So I love Tom and asked I was like six eight and I was like check and he played for that. I felt like back in the day. So his brain is mush so check I'll be able to manipulate him better and then he had blue eyes. I loved wise check check and my thing with dates as I don't like to call them dates. I like to call him fart holding tests because the whole time I'm just holding my fart and said of seeing the red flags. I'm like just paranoid about if I order the ravioli, it's going to make me bloat. So like I'm missing anything that could potentially murder me. So I decide okay, there's a lot of red flags that happened that I missed. So begins with there was like very small back and forth before he was like, do you want to just meet up right now to Sunday? Let's watch some like football at a bar and I was like sure because he 6 7 I didn't really care to talk more so I get there and the bar is like really Nice and there weren't that many people there and I'm just like assume it's because I'm really hot because I have reverse body dysmorphia. I think everyone wants to fuck me when they don't and I'm like, oh we reserved the buyer for me. Thank you. He's just like of too nice of a bar and I get in and he's sitting there and he was like, he was cute but he was like laughing a little too long, you know, like when two people empathy is like two people laughing at the same time. You have someone who just like keeps laughing and you're like do I start another laughs like what do I do to make Make this not at awkward interaction. So that was weird but he's still hot. So I didn't care then he was bragging about having two Tennis Courts at his parents place in the Hamptons. And I was like that's just weird like who needs two tennis courts, unless you have like a family of 15 people who all want to compete for the tens Olympics really Jill Zarin and she wants I want to play I actually want to play tennis with like Ramona and Jill. And Tinsley it's going to legally. I think that should be a like spin-off I play in a volleyball league here. Let's just it's called Club Walker will move it to New York. Yeah and change it tennis and be amazing the drama in tennis anyone. It doesn't prepare me for reality TV. But um, so this date it's going finally like he asked me if I party And like I didn't know wait. Yeah, like I didn't even know that I'm a fucking idiot. I'm such like I'm actually a prude even though I'm a whore I'm a prude. It's one of those, you know, you know, so I was like, oh like sometimes I I drink but like I don't really do drugs and he's like I used to party a lot but not anymore and I'm like, okay good chat. Glad we had that exchange but he was like it was going well, so when a dates going decently I then bring them to another bar that my friend bar tends to get free drinks, but also I don't like Can decisions for myself so she can decide for me if he's hot or not. So I was like, let's go to another bar and then he was like, okay, let's stop by my apartment next door. I have to charge my Jewel. So that's when you're like, okay classic fuck-boy Behavior. Also, can we stop with the fucking charging the jewels all the time? I went through like a quick six months phase that I don't even smoke cigarettes and it ruined my life was because of my ex and it ruined my life. Yeah, and I'm off of that like my friends who were literally smoking cigarettes to try to quit. It's a schizo. Disgusting. It's actually disgusting like you think in 2020 they'd be flying cars. But instead it's these mango flavored USB drives that are blowing up the lungs of teenager. It actually just the sight of somebody being like it bothers me. Yeah, and if I feel kind of bad, I'm like damn like you think that looks cool right now. I'm like you have fallen dude stop with the drilling. So anyway, I'm I'm like, yes because he's six seven. So I first of all he's right next door. So clearly he does this all the time with girls and Upstairs and that's when I got the inspiration behind my like exposed brick jokes because like this motherfucker had exposed brick when you exposed your break in your apartment. Like I will fuck you. There's like a sexiness to I was an Army money. It does mean money. Yeah University but it's also like I've seen exposed brick like and there's not money but it's like it's a large apartment with exposed brick. There's something like hot and sexy about it. Like it's like a very Brooklyn vibe that I like. It's not very La at all North your Birkin to La is like clean And white and like a plant and like a crystal and a little dog, so he thinks a lot of weight to smoke everywhere. So he basically was like just went in for a kiss like not even eye contact not even a little whatever she's got six seven. So again, whatever and I didn't like love the kiss but then he picked me up and he's like in a cute way for sure the fabric all the way through mythical and I was like, yes. Baby, he chucked me on the couch and like I love a King Kong mom and I love feeling like I'm this like light Airy fairy which I am a dainty Little Flower and then he goes up to me and he pulls my shirt up and he says hold on one second walks away comes back lowers his nose snorts a line of cocaine off my tit. And like this is Sunday at 8 p.m. This is Shark Tank watching time. This is what I want to see Kevin O'Leary shit on a 12 year old girls granola recipe. That's what I want. And so I'm like whoa, like I literally said to him I don't party. So I was like never like stop and then he goes I want to show you something and this is like when it starts getting horror movie I should wear your like why would you follow him? And he's like, I wanna show you something in my closet and I was like, okay he's tall whatever. So he pulls out of box. This is don't resent your pulls out a box with like whips and chains and shit like that. And he's like, I'm just like freaking like I want to dominate you and I was like, okay check, please like I have Go so we walk out and I just I said bye and was one of the things we just hope that he doesn't text you again. You're like I don't want to deal with this shit anymore. Like I'm done. I want to break up with you. He texts me the next morning at 9 a.m. And it's a link to a porn website and I really were not at you weren't I'm at work. No, no website with my pussy, you know, it was just a random LinkedIn for website. I freaked out and even Click it. I deleted it because I'm at work though. He clearly does not know the appropriate time do anything and then 10 minutes later. I don't respond any text me. Sorry wrong person. So that's dating in New York City. It's fucking messy. It's my heart wrong person. Like what the fucking fuck, you know, that sums up my year right now. So what's this Legends name is like Shan Shan something. I forget it. Yeah, you're out. - credit card Ison 6 7 with a big dick. Yeah. Yeah. So that was my messy story. I love it. Thank you. Yeah wide range. I can't so the one reason you like to want me to go first. It's because I can't remember there was one on one to tell I think I told it last time about the guns and the Fairfax apartment and the getting some against the wall. I'm asking listeners as if I'm going to get rid of I don't know. I think I told that one that's pretty messy. That's not the story. I was like no, but the story is PG and we in comparison to last week's gun-wielding story gun to the Head thing. Whatever casual was just another Wednesday. I watch the street cred when you need it. Yeah. So know what this is I had posted about it. I think somebody said like are you a gold star gay and I said, no, I actually lost my virginity to a lesbian named Celia. Oh was she a lesbian at the time? Oh, yeah, there's no denying it. But like was she out. Oh, yeah. Oh my God what you got for the August there's a story. So I think I was 15. She was maybe 19. I was 15. Like I didn't even look 15. I look 13. Hmm that's on her and my parents are out of town. So I remember I snuck out. I had bought a card in my permit and I drove his car in the middle. The lights loud ridiculous car you bought a car but when I was 15 by the time I got my license I had already had like three cars because I just hustled and work that I bought. These and cashed in my parents like we can't say anything. He's buying them. Oh my God, and they were like loud ridiculous souped-up cars. If I don't I'll go to racetrack. That's hot as your I was a bad kid is very true. I was trouble we asked Amanda what she's heard about me. Oh my God. I want to know actually I'll text her and see by the end of the podcast what she says. Yes, I because like we stopped eating again by timers myself, like what? Is Jeff Epstein's reputation? I'm because they didn't hear I didn't hear I went to school at them and Abdullah from Summer House. What is Jeff Epstein's reputation from high school or high school and post high school high school. He says he knows you. Okay. Okay. Fuck hahaha. So I'm in this car drive. There we go to like this field party. I'm for are you familiar with field parties? It's in Brooklyn. We just like had Central Park and we'd stay away from it. Okay. So we go you go in the middle of like just a field and get fucked up fucked up. There's a keg. There's always a keg. There's people getting like stomped out physically there. You're like rolling Jeeps. It's very fun. Just dangerous. It's are dangerous, but fun. Yeah always somebody As the fire so so we're like we're around the field party. I remember like getting pretty slops. And then this girl silly was like no my friend was a silly wants to fucking like seriously the lesbian again, I wasn't even out as gay at the time and like, okay and I wondered up happening is like I think Celia was like physically can't physically picked me up. You got fucked. Yeah, actually, that's hot. She was like carrying me around the morning for a bit like baby like this kid and like just you know, barreling into me. I know and then the last thing I remember was like we went I had parked this like super low to the ground which I'll show you a picture to it's gonna make it better like Mitsubishi Eclipse in the middle of the field and you know, there's bits and pieces that pop in but like I just woken up with Celia I want to stay on top of me. Uh-huh. We're both naked in the feel like and of in the folder in dirt ill and like that. What's up Mike? What's touching? My right arm is like my chrome rims on my Mitsubishi Eclipse. And then like our friend Derek just like walks up as it enters like Jeffy. I'm Celia and I was like see ya Leah, he was like Jeff he had and then I was like Alice opportunity. Oh, yeah. Was it good? I don't remember. I don't remember. Did you have sex with a girl since then? Yeah, then after that there was a few other girls, then you're like then I just rails bitches little bitch is non-stop. They were all older than me. I looked like A child that seems so crazy but they're all girls are older than me. And then I was like guys I'm gay. Do you have tattoos? There's one right in front. Yeah, just one of three. Yeah, I could totally see you being like crazy tattooed. Yeah, because you're naughty you're like a bad boy to say. Oh my God. She goes, haha such a random text to get we went to elementary school together for like two years and then had some classes together. I think she's setting up something and then I think in Like middle school and high school. Okay. She's typing. I'm so nervous. He has a twin brother who I was also in classes with. Okay things I don't care about we give it. We're gonna fuck about Justin. I She's like I literally hated him notion say that the typing wait. What was Amanda like Amanda was so Amanda. I don't know if she's ever told you. I think I'm plasterers blast putting our blast. There's a part of this crew called the nine. Oh, you know her about this. No. Okay. I hope she doesn't hate you. She was a part although high school maybe even The Middle School through this crew called the neither these nine girls. He's like pretty popular girls, huh? And they were the nine and like that was that was like what it was so funny is I went to private school for a second and I like new some girls from like growing up and it was I went to Mills. I was I transferred there for tennis as this place called poly prep only legit did play tennis. Yeah. A lot of people would go in ninth grade, which is like freshman year and it Was like from 6 to high school. So I was the only new person in eighth grade and I had known some people from Brooklyn and it was like our first real field trip in the beginning of the year. And there was a group called The Lucky Seven and I didn't know this and like I knew one of the girls from when I was younger and I was like trying to like hang out and like be cool with her on this trip and some girl pulled me aside and they were like this. It was the Fab Five now, it's Lucky Seven, and and I'm Be on it next so you need to step back like basically like you're not and I was like, I don't even know what you're talking about. And then I realized like because I had this group like I couldn't infiltrate like I'm just one bitch. I'm just myself and I'm not trying to infiltrate anything but it was like and I think Mean Girls came out at the time remember and I think it was like culty to like low-key. It didn't have a good like like that's what Matt started to do day. What caused our school we they had to pull a meeting when I was there to say our greatest to ever like you look like probably have a clear problem and it's so funny because in this season of summer house like we get a she's still typing. I don't like this. I don't know. What about to get bullied by political. She goes we always had fun in the classes we were together, but I've known him since I met you. Reasons and ship pretty sure I went to some of their birthday parties. She won't answer my question. Like what? Yeah. What was he like post high school? I just want to be I was like, what's his reputation? He wants to know what you thought of him really quick. What have you heard about his reputation post-high school. Have you heard about Israel? I was bad. I was bad. They know what the listeners know, I've been very open about I was very bad and apparently that's why you think I have tattoos. I didn't even sleep. I could I know I guess like you're an actual a bad person. He didn't have to like present yourself and oh no my record shows bloody. I got I started being bad in high school because I would have friends that are older than me. She goes now. I'm stuck in his Instagram account that town in, New Jersey. That smallest field parties and they're like, oh gee with Jeff absent as he could. Yeah, they have to know so did was there like a guy group that the nine would hang out with? Yes. There was actually our IP one of them just died two weeks ago. Oh no. Yeah, that's got dark. Oh dark. Well, it happens. We're giving respect. So doing what I can um, yeah, there was like a and they would always hang out. Yeah so funny. Yeah, it was your group like, well, they were all older than me. So we were in and I would just I feel like how old are you? You I'm 28. Okay, me too. Oh, yeah. Yeah, but they were also I think they were all seniors when I was a freshman. So by the time I was a sophomore all my friends with mountain school, so I would just like barely show up to school and just like do what I had. I mean just 28 though. Yeah, and then I would just leave and go do my thing. Yeah, and this was the end. I was like, yeah. I was just like shelves and learns the homeroom straight from party and then I'm like, we're not doing this my brother of like, what are you doing? And I don't know and my mom just didn't care well make sense. So we're going to shift the pocket about me my high school life. I just wish Amanda start bullying the shit out of you two. It's on one of these start crying because I'm like this podcast is turned into about me, but I only because I want to be bullied by Amanda. Yeah, but that's also if you've been listening the Wei East Coast people show affection is by being mean to each other totally. It's true. I call everyone a stupid bitch all the time and people don't get it. I'm we got people call me stupid bitch all the time, but I can't tell if you're joking or you know anything about my comp plan for you is you're not as tan as me. It works for you. Hahaha. Are you watching? Okay? Here's why now, you know, I don't watch because of a man. I cant watch anything where you know, somebody throws it off. Yeah, you know what? I mean? Yeah what you like? No, but then like people interview me and they still watch even after they meet me and they're like cool with me door. Like I would date people or do they were in the industries and I can watch their movies. Like I can't I don't like it throws me off. Mmm. So sorry, I will never be one. That is so mean. No, this is INS really good that like everybody even out Danny especially like yeah Rider our summer house. I here's the thing. I'm also very behind on my Broadway shows in general. Like I can't handle it. So like for example, I'm basically like you're being really you're being a cunt. I met Reza like two weeks ago and press and we like talked and stuff and like that didn't make me be like, oh no, I can't enjoy the show because I know what res is like here's the thing. I actually left us too. But I do like some people like why didn't you go to Bravo condos? Like I want to continue looking at them as characters. I want to like know them like yeah, there were characters are the monsters. I don't want to know them personally, so we got more from Amanda. I wanna know I wanna know why there's no Summer House Love on his account why he isn't following me. Should I be offended? First of all, we were just talking about the no summer house literally fighting about him fighting about it with him now. Don't worry. I got it you like to this fuck him. Don't worry. I'm laying into him. Literally. I thought about this least you fun. I have so many funny memes and shit, but no no problem summer house. Oh, but I was gonna say Like I knew who you were because I loved your Twitter. Oh, yeah. We were like Twitter peeps. We like I remember following you because I just liked your shit. Like I followed my think you would follow my Instagram. Yeah, but here's what you would follow me. And then I realized you follow me but I was like, oh wait, it's that girl that I always see your tweets posted like on somebody else's page. Yeah, and I was like and then I put together that you were also on summer house. Yes, take a so funny if throws people off because I was working at batches and people knew me as like the benches girl for two years and then I got fired. There and then and then I started like my tweets were doing really well and people our families just for the tweets and then I like randomly am like I'm on a TV show people. I couldn't process that and then I had my podcast and it was like hard for people to process bound. Give a fuck. I realized life is like you're not just meant to do one thing. No, I'm the most scatter person. If you even see it my desktop looks like right now you're not seeing what do you do to make money? It's a good girl. Don't know my question to answer. Hasn't been paid and it's March 4th. My car payments a month late my credit cards you saw the use of a phone call before like I'm clearly not moving. You have your account you have your podcast. So I make some money from the account a little bit and like Merchants things like that and what not like this and then I run social media for a skincare company. I'm cool. I'm freelancing Social Media stuff. And then I'm I am a sober Mentor like to do it like a little little bit. I love that. Yeah, so I'm like Mentor people. What what was the worst drugs you were doing? I'm glad I've dated a heroin addict. Oh, no, I feel bad for you. It's the worst it's the worst. However, I'm very proud of you for getting out of it and Q. Yeah, cuz I thought oh God, I couldn't do it. Are you gonna call her after this and be like literally you're one of the least crazy people. I know do you because you know, what industry I'm in know it's also because we're outwardly just that. Also if you own it, I mean if you're self-aware, that's like the best thing you could do as well where I'm like listen, I'm having a mental breakdown right now. We're gonna get through it. Yeah, and it's the people who are like pretending they're okay that are the word. That's what they're saying. Like, oh my God, she has more gossip him and Justin who's Justin my twin brother also used to call me Maisie. We did call her and I hated it but I let it happen because it stopped them from calling me Mandy, which I hated even more weight. You want to know what's so funny. Remember? I told you a story about me telling that little girl Amanda to say fuck you. Yeah. That's where I got the name Maisie from because her name was Amanda. This is wild they called me amazing. We call her and get her on to say hi or know I get caller caller. Okay. She may be working doing lover boy and get in trouble. Kyle's a Nazi. We will get into the all that oh my God. I'm such a nerd with my phone charger. We don't plug we're having too much fun. I just want you to say hi to Jeff Amanda. This podcast is literally turned into like a I don't what is it turned into we're just talking about if I guess it just turned into I was talking about you the whole time but like she's actually just talking about me and she's trying to dig deep on me and I don't know what to say. Yeah. I was like Amanda, she's sweet. She's not gonna throw you under the bus. Amanda what have you heard about me post high school Under speaker in the Muncie to say he was a drug addict. No, I mean what what have you heard? What have you heard? She doesn't give a fuck about you. Okay? Continue. Continue. No, you have no idea no down fucking insulting. Call me a fucking junkie. You don't even follow her on Instagram you cunt. That was rude Amanda. Let's go Amanda. Can we make a pact to follow each? Now I already started to follow I'll fuck them fucking behind. Also use the c word twice this interview. I are you kidding me Ike and I miss you. I have to answer these questions about you all week and I never get to see you Amanda. Are you ever in LA? Maybe you and Paige to do like a prayer. I was going to do it or you at you should do a call-in podcast. Oh my God, that would be so fun. I like I we were talking about how Allah is the best and how I mean it's 75 degrees in here and people are just like walking around drinking a smoothie and do I not have the best pan and this motherfucker is so tan and it's real. It's real it's real time, and I'm at the pool every day. Anyway, I know you're going to get yelled at for. Are you working right now? I told her I was like castles gonna is the work not see well, I love you, and I just it's good to get your feedback on this psycho that I have to do a podcast. But yeah, I know I know well, I'll talk to you later. Good luck. But like it's headed for dinner featuring of English podcast. Now where the fuck is this podcast go there's a real lack of Direction, but it's really fitting and really representative of my life right now. There's a lack of Direction Where scattered but NASA is fucking broken the fucking metaphor. It's sweaty. Yeah always fighting. Okay, let's study. Are you sweating? No, actually, I'm not I actually am. Um-hmm. I think it's because you were getting Sharon spot. Yeah, and I was putting you on the spot. Yeah. Alright, so because of that we're going to lead in summer house. Why are you looking at me like a because you haven't watched it. You could ask me questions about it. I'm fast cuz I'm so no and you have their say that I actually have dipped my toes it. Okay, I do always I always did my toe into something. Yeah, and then I would like to see her and I'll let ya know. It's weird. It's I don't like it but I came in season three four. Yeah this and I do my research because I did I did my toes in the workers Twins were on yes. Did you know them? I didn't know them. I met them. I met Lauren once I like a party after I filmed the first season and she's very nice to me. Also. She just got engaged the work is Which one Lauren is my mom's already married with a baby? So I thought the one who got engaged is marrying Carl's friend's brother in California, Arizona or something. And it kind of just shows one door closes another door opens. I'm pretty sure if he's still on the show. She would not have found a husband. What's more important? How did you get cast I actually what's great about the show is it's not real work. They pick up people who got fired from Beth. Yeah door closes another one opens, but it's not like random people they like if you bring a random person and it's like a real 50-50 shot. They're going to just work and get along because we have such like a deep history with each other and they all have a real I have a deep history. Exactly. You should just be casted on it. Honestly, you'd be great on it. So I think that but you'd have to be in New York, but they have does a very nice anyway. There has so I had and I when I work for vegetal doing video there and I interviewed Carl and Stephen at the time. Okay, it was like making fun of them. I was like, oh, let me have we LED being like how do you do during the winter fuckers? I gotta just shitting on them. And then I literally got a call that was like your name is being thrown around because I kind of like new some of them just from being out not like authentically friends with anyone but like they knew major fraud they knew me. I mean, they might say they were friends with me. But I'm like, so you're a fraud but yeah, they knew my name and like they know I said to them like I want to I'm not you're going to be your hot mess girl. That's what I am. But at the time I was gonna be a hot mess girl. Like if you want to show that women can be strong and like a buttock and funny and like entrepreneurial like I'd love to do the show and they were just like yeah, we're looking for that and I was like, okay, but I feel like I wouldn't have been been able to do the show in my early. Like I didn't know who I was and I feel like I'd gone through ever goes to the heart. I'm closer. I still have no fucking clue but I'm less no fucking clue that makes sense. Like or is--and I used to be like so they were just you're just scared of life when you're younger. And then once you hit like Rock Bottom in certain ways, like you probably know better than anyone. I know really well. I mean class we queued a gun to your head. So once you hit those bottom points then life becomes Um's a little more simple where it's like I just wake up and don't want to be depressed. I just want to wake up and like feel like I'm myself in my own body and people respect me, like that's which they don't but I do but I want to feel like myself and I feel like I got to the point where I was like feeling and alignment with who I was like I was getting into comedy and I was like creative again and when they want to do the show, I was like, let's fucking do it. Like Life's Too Short. Let's go. Send you like then you started and then I did it and then cool. That's the end of it. Thank you for coming literally. I know no I actually do have some pretty legit question. Okay. Yeah, you sent me like a whole it's prepared thing to read them. Yeah, but I don't like I like to answer questions on this meet you that's why I said I usually don't even send stuff cause I'm like, let's just like yeah Channel. I think my manager is doing to be nice and then you didn't I was like a friend. I probably you know, I'm sorry doing us any questions. I'm never going to ask just like copy and Taste the questions from the last guest. What was it like being in Bling Ring? I'm trying to get we've been like getting to coordinate. She's supposed to get me on hers. And she keeps saying my prayers were supposed to be challenging hasn't reached out. Yeah there she was just being New York, but I'm glad she's a lot going on right now. Oh, yeah, I bet it's just so annoying. I've had like two people be like, hey, I'm in New York and I do your pod the one week I go to La suddenly people need me. And that's life. Thanks for being here. Why don't we could be convenient? All right, so that's how you go cast. Um, How difficult is it filming filming is what's up about is like I you want to be on like like you can purchase on your phone the whole fucking time. So it's like and you everything is captured every whisper every little detail because what makes our show kind of cool is that we it's like big brother where we have these hidden cameras. We don't like go somewhere to shoot a scene. And so there's no like place to escape so it's like you're Could these people and our house and even when the big cameras are gone all night, the cameras are on like you're always being watched. I didn't know because again, I've watched enough. Yeah, you know to I'm not impressed but everybody what I'm saying, I'm impressed but it doesn't I think make our show one of the like the realest reality TV shows. No, that's always the feedback that I see is that it's super hero and everyone's like it's authentic and like that's what now Vanderpump Rules is kind of lacking. I was talking with Danny Pellegrino about that. That I feel like we're Vanderpump has to go is almost like okay either get a new cast and try to new thing. But that's hard. It's hard to recreate what would happen exactly. As I was just going to compare. It was lightning in a bottle of that group. Yeah, and now it's not authentic. I think it's more stick with the group. But then break the fourth wall more I bitch have you been listening to me? No, actually. No, you haven't been listening. I pocket now for you. Haven't I said the same thing? I said break the fourth wall just like they did with the Kardashians where you're actually starting to like member of the Kardashians had to start kind of saying like are Aware of like we've now become celebrities from ya know, they need to acknowledge that because they're too big and what has become too. It's become like the hills. Yep where it's so producing fake but like not like it's nitty-gritty so it doesn't give you that aspirational. Yeah. And so you're like, what is this? It's like scheana doesn't work there. Like Ariana doesn't need to go work there to make it better. Like it's all there just I say like keep the original cast maybe even bring some people back from the past. That could be cool. Cool, maybe like Faith the blond girl who had the real Veil may be brutally laura-leigh. I knew I couldn't remember anything. Yeah, and then break the fourth wall. We're like they kind of break it were Brittany's like crying about Trolls but like they don't fully go there. If you don't fully go there. It's just a half-ass bad story line. I swear to God I said that a few podcast episode. Yeah. It's how I feel and how you feel is right because I feel that way so I know right? You're right. You're right. All right. Okay, are we fighting or no word people agree. They're like, yeah. We're checking her fight to agree with that's right. Bitch like that's right bitch and I'm like, right like I'm fucking starving and actually no, it's okay. Thank you. Yes, it was like eating Jelly Bellies people got so mad. They got you. Yeah, I hate people. And I hate but I was like very quietly but you could still I the first time I ever did radio a task own on air and I think they call it just gonna gate like I got like hate messages and now I like it's for this show the Taylor Striker show and now I'm like a regular on it and people will still be like you came so far from scone gate and I'm like, I always hungry bitch and he was dry and I was like, hey, sorry, I'm gonna get hate messages just for that one. So we were talking about Vanderpump. We're going to buy Your show yeah. What were we going to go next? And those are all the colors. Are you close with in real life though? Like now Paige is my like Rider died. So her before then I'd met her like she was freelancing at my company. So she wasn't in the office, but she came in batches. Yeah batches and she came in once and was like waiting and I felt bad for her because she liked the manager was taking forever and I just like popped in because I was interviewing her too. And I was like, I want to make her feel good and I just remember hitting it off with her and then Kind of shy people don't know this about her. She's a little shy so I'd see you around later and she wasn't like, you know those friends. You meet once they like I fucking love you. Like she's not one of those and which is like nice like I don't need that all the time, but I just didn't know if we were cool or not. We're very different like she's so like pretty she presents herself like so perfectly together and feminine and stylish. She's a No-No. So I'm a man and I think together like she makes me feel more put together and I make her feel like a little less perfectionist my friend Michael and I same thing and like with you see us when we're not competitive about anything because we're passionate about different things but we're like, we're both competitive people. So we push each other and we like different tasting guys same taste alcohol. So that's Chad like you're pushing her off the edge and she's actually hard he's wigging me. Push each other is great. I'm also close with Amanda Lindsay and I have like more Not just relationship where either like great or terrible it goes back and forth. And then guys the guys I feel like they're just like my brothers. They know the fuck out of me when I see the most say Kyle. I'm like cause I also you're stuck in these weird positions were like, I have to have opinions on their relationship and I think it causes tension or like I'll witness something that's super triggering in my past that he'll do to Amanda and because it's on camera it's like if you don't react your You're not being authentic to yourself. So I've like we've gotten into it and it's weird to like fight with your friend's boyfriend or fiancé kind of fun though. It is fun. But like when you're in it, like right before or right after like, oh, yeah, but you know like you don't really care if he apologizes are you make up after because you're like, I'm not trying to marry you you're so right. I'm more like will apologize to Amanda Blake. I'm sorry with that super awkward for you and she'll be late. Yeah. I'm like, it's my own issues. Okay. I'm really trying to come up with ha ha. Why did you wear that top? White? What do you do in the offseason or like? What do you all right. So here's the thing. Do you guys all my question was going to be do you guys also actually work, but now that we know that we call them and I'd shoot. Everybody still work. Yeah, like we're not making that much money on the show. The show is gonna bring it depends on what season you're on and we're like only I'm season to their season for I'm familiar with it. And I've also known some of the benefits so I am familiar. Yeah, and we're not gonna end up all those hours. It's not my business. I mean, it's just like I'm not paying rent with I mean I am paying rent with it. You should at least I mean, it's New York City rent. But like I'm like, I'm not you have to do more than just the show your that job will treat I've been hustled scam the bamboo. If your mouth is nothing right with this at least you've been hustle schedule you be spread but I do we need to do other things and also the whole point is like you can't depend on this show that could end tomorrow and then you have nothing it could never eat definitely. Can I tomorrow because you don't watch it and the radios down because of you I'm going to start promoting and that's why even if you hey, I don't listen to it, but you guys know I've said great things. I say guys like I simply can I think you should watch it, too. To make fun of me and then message actually, okay, like if you watch the season this one guy Luke is so hot. That was I so swear to God as my like you should watch just to watch Luke. So I'm going to once again cut you off because the guess that my mom I got to tell you that I had seen him. I think it was here. I was watching it was on the screen because again, I didn't say yeah, it was already. Yeah, can someone change the channel and put it on and I was like who the fuck is a hot guy? And then when I asked my followers to ask you questions a lot of them like details and Luke. Are you hooking up are you dating and I simply said He's a fucking SN ack as exact as iin cynic. No sna sorry. I'm really tired. I have a show tonight. I need to get it together. I brought just need a nap. So yeah Luke is just gorgeous human, but it's like one of those obnoxious gorgeous humans at like when he looks at you you're like, can you put your pretty face like knows he's away he does but he hates being called like he's an actual model like in his he's 36 or something right now in his twenties. He was like the face of like Aeropostale or like Hollister went like his face was on the bag like he was a real working successful model, which is incredible, but now like now he's got him now like he's just not passionate about it anymore. Like if I'm like make fun of him for being model. He's like are you like roses eyes when I talk make fun of him for like dating models like you just over the whole situation and he I guess he kind of acts like Being hot is almost like a curse. We're like, it's I know don't even get me started but it's like he can show up late to things and people are just like, oh my God. Thanks for coming where if I'm like 10 minutes late somewhere. I'm getting death threats on my phone. It's like he literally called me once he's like, I'm running an hour late for this podcast. I'm like, they're gonna kill you. I ran five minutes late and they like almost canceled on me. He calls me after he goes they had champagne for me. So we've wind you when you're drunk Like You by yourself. I can't okay I've shit to do later and then I'll get drunk. Okay, and you can come too. What is that panel you said? Okay, I'm speaking at a meeting. Oh, bring them bring them all to my comedy show just be like, okay. Do you want to bring the comic my guys? I'm the guest speaker. Are you down by 8:30? Well, yeah. I thought you texted me or we message you said it was at 8:30 though the show yeah you go on and on I go on at around 8:40 and the show starts at 8, but I go on at like eight forty. Where is it? Come on - he typewriter weho. I might be able saw a man hollered. I might be like book it over. Can you go on at 9:00, please? Yeah. Okay. I mean honestly, I'll probably go on like 858 was that all calm also? I'm doing like a 50 minutes at like you're not going to miss it. I'm gonna do my best Lan because I'm I just think we're gonna have so much fun for some sobriety. We really do we show up I swear okay, which is why I have that meeting. I also like want to be sober. Like so bad. I just never liked drinking like I don't like it. Okay stop but I don't but he's just identity don't have a problem with it. I just want I just don't want to do it but I like don't have to go all the way to be like, I'm sober. I just like don't really drink during the winter, but everyone thinks I'm like the fun party girl good for you. You're like, I have no problem stopping. Like really? I'm yeah, I'm like, I can't think of anything easier to do them. Stop. Breaking everyone a is like it almost cost me my life and stop drinking please. I just hate stopping drinking all the time. I stop every time I drink the problem is I feel like I disappoint people because people have an idea of me in their head that I'm like and I am that person that can like be the light in a room and make everyone laugh and be really fun, but they assume that comes with me being like the crazy fucked-up one. After shows people will like give me like, oh, do you want some cocaine or like do you want to smoke pee and I'm just like I don't and then I get too disappointed because they realize I'm a pretty tough bitch, right? So I'll stop calling disappoint people when we're talking about a kind of what should I say to people from what you know on if like cause I feel like I succumb to peer pressure so much. We're like, I don't want to drink and someone's like kind of please take a shot and then I'll be fine. I'll take a shot because if someone answers and I have a lot of pride in it so like no, I'm sober or sometimes just like no, thank you. Yeah. Oh, yeah. people get literally just literally mad because I'll probably do like no and then they they know that they can push you like all you do is ask me a second time and I'll probably do you just like no I'm not taking shot no yeah oh no thank you I'm not drinking and then if they ask why be like I don't want to talk about it no I used to give a thing to they're like why aren't like there's just some stuff going on and then they get so weirded out that they'll never touch it yeah I love making people that's like my tactic I love making people uncomfortable and returning I can return anything. I'm store. I'll make the cashier. So uncomfortable. I've heard one time. I was on my way back from fucking snowboarding last year. It was pouring rain to so all of my gear that I bought from Dick's Sporting Goods was is soaking wet ever turn back on my way back from the mountain and I just hand over like 400 bucks worth of gear. And I was just like I didn't like it and she's like it's so and I'm like, right Seamless return right? I don't ask questions. You don't want answers. doctor hasn't called me back and you just say this to like a cashier and they're like yeah like we will give you a coupon cool yeah great I have to work on that a crazed I guess I'm good at acting crazy come on fucking Maniac actually right that's what I do with like guys who don't want to hit on me at a bar I just will act crazy like like I'll just say ridiculous shit I have like a bit more people like if a guy comes up to you like you just talk so talking about cats and astrology about like my cat's name is butter and her Rising Moon is Aquarius and just like keep going on and on about it until they lose you alone I'm always just like straight guys are so stupid it takes a lot to like get them to realize you're psycho I've always liked so I had to go to probation in a little bit but like get it and then they're immediately whoa some guys like bad boy yeah I know yet oh my God you actually oh fuck I throw this week so September yeah okay reschedule that's good alright so we touched on Luke so you touch Luke yeah I do you like continuously touch him sometimes you have to watch it but I mean the even now in this day and age where cool mean like post filming yeah like he called me twice already today why don't you call in to the park he literally called during Danny Pellegrino sorry missed out well we got Amanda who we got Amanda is true oh my fuck is like this okay so he called in so Luke you hooked up with so what are you doing here oh yeah what I do in my life yeah oh my God it's exciting because I hated my life because I was doing like sales and marketing it was terrible and like cold calling and shit and then I realize I want to get into video because I had done some sports broadcasting when at University Wisconsin I learned how to edit but I never thought I could like make money doing video and I really thought it was one of those like random dreams to be like on TV or something like I didn't see it for myself but I just like couldn't I had to get solo to be like I would rather die than like not do video like it got to that point right I'm like creating yeah exactly so I I like needed to hit there and then retches let me get a freelance let me go literally what he had the first they let me work for them for like $300 a week and I was just I was basically in like boot camp of like writing like 80 memes a week that was like where I like God It right like I would write all the memes for them. Oh with like one or two other people and then I would write little videos that I would act in and then I start interviewing and it was like the most fun job ever. I loved it and then I started writing my own tweets and that's where the star to be some tension because like my page on its own started do well and I was kind of the first I was like a seventh higher there and I was the first one that was getting like her own kind of shit and then one summer house called they were not happy about Out that but it's on the weekend. So I was like, you can't tell me what I can't do on the weekends. I'll see you pay me nothing. So and then I got fired from being distracted. Okay, but so everybody really does work during the week and then go to film The Weekend a hundred percent. Yeah, that's stress. That's a lot. Yeah, and I think that's also why I like I mean people work differing amounts. But by the time every weekend like shit went down during the week probably and have some people you can tell like are in a bad fucking mood because they're weak was bad or likely. He will like maybe she lost a client and she's being a cunt and then another another seat drop bomb or she'll get a client should be like a great mood. So like we're not just the whole point is showing like other people in the world, but this lifestyle is for New Yorkers where you go fucking crazy working all week and then go crazy partying and it's not healthy. No, I've been there. I've done it. Yeah, it's not healthy at all. It's fun. Will you go the shore? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. And then we would like just go and giphy and just like and they try stuff and turn out as much as we could and then so Hannah burns with a z started taking off and you're like, okay when you get verified when you join summer house. Yeah. Yeah. It's so hard to get very I tried so many times. Yeah, they're like nah. you have to have like tons of press and like yeah because that you have to be another Outlet yeah and the only press I'm getting it's for Jeffrey Epstein who are like Jeff's Epstein came back and he has an Instagram yeah why isn't this charging oh the rest of you Cube I have a cube oh no it's fine I got it I'll treasure no I like my thing okay okay and then so you quit that and then some now what do you do so now I so I have some Warehouse where she still filming confessionals because they're like editing the ends of it then I have my podcast burning in Hell which I'd love to have you on ber and ing do Collins no you have to come see me I actually will be in New York City city in April perfect we'll do it then cool a hundred percent I know so I have my progress brain health will just like I added on my own and like I'm basically I do all the booking and shit so like I really have somebody helping me like no no I didn't mean like that but like as in I don't just go in for an hour and like fuck around and then I have my stand-up which I started and stand up. I think came naturally for me like loving writing like tweeting just writing bit totally and then I got these burning in Hell live shows and my friend was like start with 10 minutes of stand-up and I was like no and she's like do it and I'm like really and she's like, yes, and I was like, okay that was our exchange. It's pretty high brow and I determined to stand up and everyone's like that was my favorite part of the show and afterward like I felt like I didn't feel you know, sometimes you do something and the universe is like it's not what you should do. And you're like petrified and you feel sick in her stomach. I felt like alive when I was doing it. And even when I if things didn't go perfectly I still felt proud of myself. Like I didn't have any go with it. I was like, this is just cool that I'm trying something. Yeah, and then my next show I did 20 minutes of stand-up and then now I'm at like 40 minutes and I do like a Q&A at the end. So yeah tonight. I'm a I'm gonna be in San Francisco. I have Texas coming up, Connecticut, New Jersey Chicago Madison, and I have like two openers and then I do my stuff. like full-time Hannah Burnham that's your job yeah that sounds it's kind of wild it's why I just never want to have a boss again that's like all I want so that's kind of how I feel today I just never want to boss the trying not to do like if summer house ends tomorrow I have my stand-up stuff I have my podcast also Instagram I still love creating funny videos I love collaborating with people I take my Instagram super seriously in terms of like I post every single day and I whatever content is like I really have to like love it to post it be too yeah that's why my one of those counts likes repost all the suffering all mine that's why I liked your stuff because I felt like we're similar in that like you really have a voice I feel like like I am like that's something you would say yeah and you can see it's your I picking the content I really want people to read my tweets and like hear my voice when I'm saying and meet it was also like you're building your presents first I like that is such a presence for you yeah that means even if that even with the show's canceled like you have built such a frail so even if Instagram goes down with like I still want to present somewhere I think that's too much Billy Greenwood don't think about that all the time Johnny people would be What the fuck I would kind of like what the fuck. Yeah, and that's why I like if Instagram does go down sometimes when people lose their shit. Yeah, I had I was sitting getting a sable as one does in LA and I was next to the most ridiculous. Did you see that? Yeah, I'm getting all the numbers wrong. But this girl next to me was basically talking so loudly and telling her friend that she spent $18,000 to do this like giveaway on Kylie's account and I actually over it. Kylie basically was like if you guys follow everyone that Scott Disick is following you can win whatever it is. We see those ones and it was so weird and it was like a hundred or something people or like a hundred fifty people. They must have all paid 20K. She said she got a hundred thousand followers and she was like and they're real and like it drops off a little but like whatever and the girl kind of I think the girls from New York and she like wasn't fully getting it in a knot then yours and get it but she was kind of like our people weirded out by that and she was like I mean some people hate on me because they saw that I got such a jump but like most people respect the hustle and if they don't it's like I'm just trying to give more people that I can give like love and light to okay and I feel like I was dying during the and then she's certainly so talking about like how they only talk to Pisces people and how all their friends are Pisces and I was like okay I have to do that's what I love that's why I love overheard La better than overheard New York because I really so good people say the crate I live submitted so many things but they never pick it up but like I hear the wildish I love overheard La yeah cause you're here shit like that really what the wild wild I could have like I didn't even need my phone I was just enjoying the moment I'm ABS no it's the best people-watching best people listening yeah okay wait so then you're doing that and then yeah I feel like if you don't realize is that like you writing tweets or like coming up with me was things of that it's all in the same genre of like writing and comedy like doing memes your writing and Writing so you like basically solidify yourselves like a writer comedian. Yeah Hannah burner put it under your fucking this trip. What does it say? No your salad bar. That's we are obsessed with I saw that I literally I couldn't put myself as public figure. I had it as Zoo for a while. And then I was like, I could do better than Joe because you argue like I'm assuming I'm wild. Yeah, like I'm it's a mess. No, it just made me laugh. So I wanted more innocent amusement park. Like I could that's fun. I think that's fun. I wanna be like a desk different Vibes very different vibe Salvo incredible that you can spend like an hour scrolling through all the options. I don't know why people don't have more fun with that. I think about the absence at a salad bar. Oh, yeah. No, I don't like salad. I don't like salad. I was saying the options of like as a business account. It's amazing. Okay, but yeah be already medium. Thank you. You're welcome. oh my God we got there we got they're genuinely yeah okay I do have other questions but I feel like it was like how did your Twitter become a thing what are you in the offseason that's you're doing now let's just like I want to touch down on some of the shows we talked about yeah for that what's your favorite reality show Vanderpump was always my favorite and now I mean summer houses but I used to you know my favorite one of all time was Millionaire Matchmaker Patti Stanger is so fucking funny he's the fucking best She had the best personality. She was the realest motherfucker out there the love of it all and like shoot kill everyone on their shit and like seeing people get judged. She was literally be like what's going on with the hair what's going on? I don't like him. I don't like him. It was just so good and there was such a great formula to it. But I also grew up like you probably with like MTV's like next and stuff like that. I just loved how can I ride? Oh exhibit. Oh my God. This is so good this do like did you simple life? No. I didn't but like me and Paige want to do it like we want to re-enact it. Oh, we're still kicking. Yeah. Okay, cool. She gave the cutest smile. your Babushka I think it's like an old grandmother yeah definitely is that what it is yeah should I stop calling her that I like it that movie are you symbolize did you watch and the coarse mesh oh my God I feel like I didn't I watched like what's the name of the guy with the clock Flavor Flav Butterball yeah I Love Flavor of Love is my favorite thing I do a lot of her my thumb my account she is you mean New York yeah you need to get on your podcast reached out nobody somebody give you a Management's you know yeah Mike can you help me you had I can't get me her fucking manager I need to have a she's obsessed with her yeah so watch that and then now what do you currently watch now I currently watch tons of murder documentaries or like artist documentaries like I love seeing like I love the Taylor Swift documentary like Lady Gaga documentary by that too yeah I love I love Amy Winehouse documentary I love seeing like how people became who they are or how people die I'm with you I love it that's like either one to watch that or reality TV I'm like don't even watch scripted shit me neither I just because also reality TV has that there's always these moments of gold there's a nice they Cameron there's the bullshit to get to get there but like the moments of gold where like you'll never see heartbreak like that or you'll never see like someone lie like that and it's like worth it to watch this moment I agree I would say there's a lot to like weed through but you cannot write this shit no and that's what they always say like when people are like is it scripted and I've heard in reality like if a show is really bad it's a show in his job to be like okay we have to guide this narrative but they basically say if that has to happen it'll never be a good show and it's just to like survive it starts happening to show us that exactly so because they always say the best stuff can never be Ren and it's true I agree all right favorite show on Bravo you said it was Vanderpump no besides that besides what I watch right now I'd love Real Housewives of New Jersey it reminds me of like I'm half Italian and my Italian side but they're a little more violent and then I do like Shahs of Sunset I think there's something about watching Allah and like just seeing their Vibe and feeling like I'm there when I'm not is cool to me yeah like I wouldn't yeah so it's like some shows I watch for relatability and some shows I watch because it's so Alien to me. Yeah or aspirational. But yeah, my favorite ones are Real Housewives of New Jersey Shaws and Vanderpump. I don't really watch those isn't it? You know why they'll remind me of like my friends parents growing up that are like fucking insane and like on pills. I don't need to I think that's why I didn't really watch New Jersey for a long time because it morning like I just went yeah just reminds me of like the rich of noxious like New York City parents that I know it's like I literally know like 20 women who would be even crazier on that show and it's like that. I don't want to sit at dinner with because they ruin every dinner. I'm sure even I'm sure even Danny was like it's a you know, it's incredible, right? I mean, I actually do appreciate it, but it's like I do not like it just too close to home Okay, so that's what I've been saying about summer house. No, just cause you went to high school one of us. Is it still feels like it's my I know so many people like the I've been I've had we know you're right. So it's not like entertaining when you're like I literally could just go there on a flight and it was a blessing like my friends on the weekend. Yeah. Yeah. do you like right but no but it's way better dry swear to God I'll watch it yeah I will but like it might only be 20 minutes but a lot I'm I'm so I will get to that actual want to cover news real quick but the thing is about like the chosen recapping like I'm really behind in a lot of shows right now are starting to feel like a chore and I've been honest about it I don't want to like sir covering stuff then yeah that's right to it you Jersey was fire the season but Vanderpump Rules is lacking and so I'm like two episodes episodes behind it yeah it feels like a chore to catch up is that wild it was the best show in the world and it's like condish isn't it crazy though to like last last season people weren't saying that really what is changing had but now people are like they put their foot down on it because how do you feel about those newbies you just like well the guys that have all these issues and then the only relatable girl is Dana but Dana it's like they're trying so hard for us to Care and it's like the whole her and Mac think it's like we there's no reason to to but like I think I'd probably like her as a person it's just she's up against like a really hard situation I agree in a partner he's like why do we need Dana we have Ariana they're kind of the same we already have her she's like the single Ariana yes I'm like I don't know and she's and also like I don't really just like a storyline of like oh the new girls getting bullied it's like yeah yeah I was seeing that we've seen it's not in Singapore so yeah she knows other putting in work hustling fucking pushing the storyline liking were like she's really putting in work on that show she needs to be appreciated yeah tell her I said that she was I will she wasn't appreciated up until this point I also think I'd called her out because she went on my podcast I should listen to episode I'm burning in hell and I was like you're coming off kind of like bitch you're getting a mean girl at it and she was like you know I was kind of upset that like Dana comes on and immediately gets her comedy show in the first episode and she's like they never show any of the stuff I'm working on just that I'm boy crazy and I was like I totally understand where the Chelsea's coming from but also it's like they're really trying to help Dana because if people did fall in love with Dana from that scene then the whole show would be better but it's impossible it's impossible because people aren't watching to like meet new people they want to see what like we're already mixed in with the old crew like we want to yeah that's basically it also has to be a really natural integration like James is really natural Lala was really natural oil these guys are not natural at all and the scenes are so forced and I think I'm watching a completely different show like we are switching between two shows and one show yeah all right so is that Shaw's I like it will just for both behind but you know what's going on yeah the name Alia Sheree I can't even it's so villainous is it just me because I feel like I haven't watched it as intensely is this like the craziest shit ever like you're thinking that or you see people saying that like I'm thinking that it is the craziest shit ever yeah that's what I thought because I was like are they always this wild like I don't remember it being this wild know they were and then last season stock that I really watch it but like I dip back in and then I was watching like 3:00 a.m. this morning trying to catch up and like when you he called her while she was in like a postnatal ICU about to die and was like Maris did you fucking say that she like I use I mean also the whole atom thing him cheating but it was like put under the rug because that's just how he talks to people was really funny that's true but also a private open marriage so many gay people are just saying I think I don't want to say that's why would it is you don't have to be sure that they are going grinder tears area and see if they're on their own yeah just drive over right I found a people were gay that way wow what time my old roommates old roommate that was not so and one time I was like I saw my grinder guys and then and that's confirmed yep but like that's happening and then Yeah, I don't know. It's I'm like excited for what's happening. Yes, so we're going to keep tuning in. Yes, and I also like I still have so much love for Vanderpump. I love them. I'm reading for them. Do you think that next season they're going awesome be like never mind and like get rid of the new people. Yeah, or try like other new people. Is it you're saying that as if you know something no, I really don't are you distracted we watching no, I don't I think it would be cool. If they like went back to the oh jeez, maybe brought him some old dear people that you like kind of are invested in because the point is you you can't get a good storyline if people don't care about you. That's why I like being new is hard because yes something might happen to you, but they're not going to show it because no one gives a fuck. yet like I would get into like little fights in beginning with someone and they're like yeah well no one cares about you too like it's two new people fight no one cared I strew I don't you had to fight with an OG you also have like a polarizing personality and after and you're lovable that you probably came on in there like okay we love her it was it was like that but because I've polarizing personality I've gotten heat from like certain cast members who have told me like she talks too much or like she's makes too many jokes when it's supposed to be serious and Long Island and it's like you're just jealous shut up that I'm funnier than you yeah I mean I'm starting from you probably know just think about it you like or just watch the fucking show runs like a actually they don't even show it in the show it's like more behind-the-scenes stuff it's just like think who probably like has a small dick I don't know Now I can't actually I didn't yell. No, just kidding me. Ha ha ha. Okay, wait and then real quick, New Jersey. So I never touched the family on here. I do like a quick Instagram live. What did you think unreal husband New Jersey Valley. You said you watch the finale what happened billion to really I watched it got caught in the live. Yeah. Well what I love about that is they broke the fucking forth? It was fucking great because so many times you never see like a people are getting really heated. Heated over something. I don't know. You're lying. It's a fourth wall. They can't bring yes. Well, that's what happened in Vanderpump. They were there mad that Tom Sandoval decided to bring that up on television. I know they should just fucking let them go after it and be like I didn't bring this up on camera when you did that but they can't because it wouldn't make sense because you the number one rule is you never speak about the camera, but also like this has happened so many times going back to Beverly Hills Season 2 when Taylor was so upset that they brought up the wife beating on camera. but they could have a say but that's why Cami was like but now we said it meeting on camera and then member New York or you don't like it don't watch it season 9 like they kept their on a Mountainside class trip on one of their vacations and they were like oh Bethany kept saying it's my trip and Ramona kept trying to basically say like this is a group trip like by The Producers but couldn't say that and we're like fight I feel like I'm like sometimes you gotta break it yeah it's really hard and there's been moments where like you'll get into really intense fights in them I just can't show it why has like you broke forth walls too much it ever have with you yeah well sometimes like it's just difficult to you don't have any decisions in post obviously of how they ended it but I do think that van New Jersey was so good because they fucking even the camera guy's guy Tim he works for summer house too I knew the guy that she like really yeah no not to him it might even Eric and he was Eric anyway so to see that it didn't make the show any less real made it more real actually yeah so I think that's to I think it's great pissed they that Melissa brought up on camera yeah I think well Teresa was yet she's pissed it got brought up and because if it got brought up the fact that they were letting them talk she knew like oh this is being played like this is actually a storyline now and I feel like she might have talked to producers beforehand and be like hey let's not show that I know what happened and they were like yeah we own and that's why she was like fuck you guys are doing it yeah okay okay wild before you go you like can I please I'm doing it backwards chunks of news and do you see me gasps went into the room yeah it's actually nothing this is just like when you're like literally nothing ever like what happened no it's a Nicki Minaj's husband arrested and indicted for failure to register as a sex offender why yeah what's her husband's name Nicholas Patty no not Nikolas something Petty Kenneth Petty I'm gonna look at it now Kenneth Petty oh God Federal custody Wednesday and we're told he turned cell from the marshals I don't want to touch that that is not a good look okay there's a few others being arrested so did you see the jewels Wayne steam was arrested Housewives of New York wait who okay your text sorry ha ha ha I guess bitch you honestly I'm someone unlike you I'm coming after my fucking responsible commitment you're coming yeah I'll get you free ticks I'll put your name in love this color really will come because if you're if you're actually going to come then I'll hook you up with that I'm gonna put on my instance we can try to oh my God fuck yeah I would do that for me of course you're my fucking pocket okay good yeah after this will do it will take a picture and then I'll be like hey can I show somebody fucking show see me come see Hannah they won't come see that they won't let me see if I told okay cool okay yes yeah we're promoting today yeah we're getting shit done I can't put my finger on who you look like okay what do you got suggestions because people keep saying a few different things people keep saying the guy from you was face a little uh that's your your Penn Badgley If he if he had sex with you're gonna like this wait I just painted its name oh my God Tom Hardy whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa confidence booster whoa yeah Yeah, Tom Hardy and Joe from you. Okay, or people keep saying the doctor from Grey's Anatomy. I see that too. Okay or who I was used to get was remember the kid from alpha dog that died. He got pinned in like a Jeep and then yeah, sorry. No heat like most fucked up thing. could be a little like this is not as cute but Evan Peters I'll take it he's cute yeah but you have more like ethnic looking bad why because you're tan that's also my tan line the whitest fucking person so funny yeah okay so we're going to that's news Jules Jules when seen from Housewives of New York teachers rest yes I don't know who she is we're going to skip that piece of Leanne leaving Dallas did you watch the houses of - yeah I did actually are you glad she's leaving I think that they had to make her leave but now they need to replace her with someone like because it literally ended up being her versus all six of them and I'm like what would have the drama have been if she wasn't there like when Brandi left Beverly Hills after that cause she was against all the girls is like yeah but then season 6 was born because she's gone yep so they might in sucks because actually I think it started to get don't you agree it started to get better because that season like I'd stop watching but by the reunions I watched the reunions was great yeah yeah there's that okay shifting gears Amanda lines oh my God okay I see your her every week at this point and why did she get the tattoos on her face they don't look good she is so mentally ill have you seen around town I I said this last week and then people message me again saying why do you keep like dancing around it because I would get in trouble because there's things I like one time I said stuff on here I got in trouble so I took it down yeah I don't see her but that's all the time I got like this is actually from my X2 which is like the worst thing and I was like oh no so seeing that what that's worth person to be mad at me yeah it ruined yea this my ex blocked me on Instagram this would happen December I my life was ruined for two days I wanted to because he felt like you embarrassed him no wasn't even it was because of his friend had told me something it was like how would you as at this whole thing get used to it I know I know not the last time it's gonna happen well no there's something else I have to make either so either she is so she's like so many like she does not have the control to do anything in her life like even that ring it's a fake fucking win it in a candy box like she is losing it and who is this dude sort of he's just a random guy that she met at sober living I think either they met somehow in like yeah Sober Living Rehab type of like that type of community also I just saw on Andy lawyer that like apparently she's hooking up with other people too she is like the things that I'm dancing around me she's how long have you like was like the first time you saw her in La either physically seen her in person I wish she used to okay and then but then she like post this video to about the conservatorship and she was like guys yeah I don't want to have to address is like I'm under a conservatorship and I shouldn't have had to be in rehab all this time so I'm paying Something something something like thousands of dollars a month when I could just be paying. Yeah, I don't remember me. No seven. Yeah. Okay also like I grew up loving Amanda Bynes. So when she's talking you're like that's not her. It's literally different person. It's literally not her. She's like not funny. She's just like bizarre. Yeah, but that's why I you questioned her sobriety. Yeah, it's not another similar case who's like really been going off the rails as weak as Britney Spears. Oh, yeah. Okay, so she's are posted. red backdrop you know I'm talking about yeah also do you remember that she just posted something when she was like no makeup and she would have black shit all over her like just eyeliner and it's literally black shit everywhere and hurt the most vacant stare when she speaking she posted a video the other day was not making a lick of sense she was like reading these letters in this robot she's going back to this robotic voice she even had like a little Madonna British thing happening once yeah what the fuck so I already I had already written as my notes like this is nuts then this morning I see that her son Jaden went on Instagram live his her son has in his room now that they said it's a private right away the like yo kid and he was basically like honorable the article he was like my grandpa liked Brittany's dad is a fucking dick I fucking hate him he's a piece of shit blah blah how old is he he's 13 now and he was like at his dad's house Kevin Federline she's like my dad's the shit like ait's the best I'm here he's like and then somebody's like when we see your mom again he's like not for a couple weeks it's like meaning she's like not really seeing her kids because like I saw her yesterday and I'll see her and what's going on with her like hot boyfriend they said ask them to the like do you like Sam he's like yeah like Sam is really nice I don't I feel he almost like a glorified babysitter and then um she said to he's like I don't know if my mom's never gonna sing and I asked her and she said she doesn't want to watch it there's Clips isn't you performing a Vegas or no no no that guy that's when this whole thing started was last year when she had the new one and they got cancelled because you're zoning issues and then it's been not like free Brittany movement like something her dad and like her dad beat the shit out of her other son Sean Preston and like the whole issue with that like these are so dark Jesus she's not okay but then it's funny because they still let her have Instagram but like is it like to just keep irrelevant to like try to hide what they're doing I don't know but he was yeah she's like I'm okay guys I'm so happy it was about like blink twice if you're look I'm dancing saying when there's this one post she did I mean that where she was like so excited for spring and I've never seen somebody look so suicidal in their life it was I also like she'll do these photo shoots and it's like terrible lighting her hair looks like not okay her face looks not okay and I mean this not in like a Glee I mean like are you okay and like something and this isn't a big thing being vain either like her teeth something's happening to her teeth like splitting apart there's all these gaps looks and I'm whispering and then yeah I recommend everyone go watch this video it's like nuts I'm just saying it's not so there's that little tidbit did you were you watching the hills reboot yes Mischa Barton got fired she's not going to be back I was worried because I thought everyone liked her I thought she was very likable on it everyone I was asking like other producers and stuff and they were like we heard that she was the most likable one and she was really relatable and stuff she was I think it's because she's just like she didn't fit in like she's of above it all what's also it was bizarre but I liked her she's gonna deliver patient who Caroline the amours who's that she's actually there's like bad bitch socialize she used to show that the Kardashians stuff in Paris Hilton back in the day but she was like oh gee like Hollywood hide like the time yeah thanks I think she'll be good for the show yeah they need they need that like Hirsch it was too real but Misha stuff yeah she's also going through some shit yeah she needs like a documentary about herself not the Hills yeah that and then real quick The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills upcoming season I heard some stuff about it and basically what happened like the reason why is getting pushed back so far because I usually would have already started airing right now is that the first half of the season the footage was unbelievable a cost like there's nothing they can even really do with it and then nothing sort of happening so Brandi came up with that rumor about the nice and like that's why it's all still being done well Lisa Vanderpump I would be like smiling right now if I was hurt because it's like you guys fucking needed me so fuck you and but it's true is another one's things whereas all of them against her she leaves what you gonna do with those people but yeah bring Brandi back fucking love Brandi do Watch Beverly Hills yeah I'm like I'm just with Housewives and one more random like I don't watch it religiously but I'll like appreciate it maybe that's how I was somewhere else yeah thank you no I really am because I was like I love it no she seemed so funny thank you yeah and then you were like I don't know she we just and then I was reach other then I was like do I pretend that I watched the show yeah I need the appreciate the realness do you think I'm gonna I mean you never know what's her name from the beginning might have won the beginning the girl you had lesbian sex Celia haha alright we can wrap it up ha ha ha I've nothing more to say to you I'm afraid Amanda said you're a dick oh I'm glad we touch down that was a great that was an unexpected reunions today yeah wow I love connecting people I'm just if she text you later tell me I will like she won't actually I'm still more insulted she's like he's a loser don't talk to him fab five no one but not E9 thing in turn but thank you for coming so let's plug we're plugging for a small oh yeah so I don't know when is this airing probably couple days whatever yeah like a couple well I'm going to be in San Francisco Cobbs Comedy Club March 8th then I'm going to be in Texas I'm going to be in Madison Wisconsin New Jersey Connecticut follow me up being Burns listen to my podcast it's a comedy mental health podcast that you're going to be on where talk to people other demons burning in hell yeah wait okay then I'm gonna make sure they're all yes summerhouse weight being Burns being an MBE rnz yes okay because they not some people might think like bur and it also is almost be in Burns and then it was like be in Burns and I was like that's porn that's poor little boy is like cute at first I was like a God and yes at my house is every Wednesday at 8 p.m. you don't know what it is telling me it's season is like I'm really proud of this you go Wednesday at 8 p.m. I do have a commitment watch everything that life um so that the being Burns and then you have all their comedy dates listed yeah Hannah burner.com is working good all your tickets get them before they sell out or get them for free from Hannah thank you for me and then so all the shows like within the next month it's in the next like three months oh she hustling Into Summer yeah yeah yeah jokes on okay Twitter being there Burns yeah Facebook Myspace Tick-Tock webshots that would emit a manager friends you said all these things like these photo albums and stuff like that like that digital yeah we gotta find them let you come have fun it's Shenanigans thank you I'm gonna grab some food yeah alright thank you we are going to wrap it up guys so that we can get Goodbye by a diamond heart production