Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger. So I just wanted to have them more of an in-depth conversation with her and let her speak for herself so that it's not through the lens of my words. It's through her words. So that's the intention of this conversation and I asked her I asked her hard questions. What's it like having Conservative Christian beliefs with a progressive gay son. How do parents still stay in relationship with their kids when there's a deep ideological or Rift between them. I hope you liked it and I hope you fall in love with her as you rightly should enjoy. What introduce yourself mom? Yes. Thank you Jed for this opportunity to talk with you. This is your mother. My name is Barbara Jo Pennell Jenkins and I live in Nashville Tennessee this in the same house where you grew up and I'm sitting out here looking at the turkeys flocking in my yard and the magnolia tree that when you were a kid you climb to the top of it and had many Daydreams out there. So look out the window mom speak into the I'm sorry. Well, I just like to look at the turkeys. That's all. Okay. Okay. So this podcast that I'm doing is just basically like a little bonus if you read the book and you just want to have some follow-up meet the characters basically only because people want to know they want to know more about Weston they want to know more about you know people that you met and and and I know they want to know about me. So do you wish I had changed your name or do you like that? It's real name. I have nothing to hide. So I'm happy to be me through and through something here. Oh, yes. Okay. Well a few people wrote in some questions, but I'll just let set the general stage and say what was it like being the mother of someone who decided to Bicycle across some objectively dangerous countries and and yet explain a little bit about Your background of where you're not like a normal mom? No, I'm not like a normal mom. Well Jedi on one hand. I was very excited and thrilled on the other hand like any mother. I was worried and concerned especially I mean I had visions of you getting robbed or mugged by the cartel and and dismembered and and buried Somewhere In The Wiles of of the jungles down in Mexico or wherever so I had many feelings and emotions, but I have to put those in context because I basically did the same thing to my parents when back in 1976 your dad and I launched on a 3,000 mile hike Across America from New Orleans to the Northwest to the coast of Oregon. So in fact, I didn't even tell my parents. Well, I'd walk to Texas and I sort of stretched the truth a little and I said well, I was just on an adventure for National Geographic magazine. However, they thought was really cool because it's a big fancy magazine. Oh, yeah, that's big fancy. But you being on a bicycle riding from Florence, Oregon all the way to the tip of South America was a little different because foreign countries different cultures different legal and and in law enforcement's I mean, yeah, there was a lot and and many nights I would wonder and I spent a lot of time in prayer for you for your safety and I was always happy when I found out that other young people were joining you on this journey. So I knew you were not alone whether it was Weston Mac call him by his real name. Oh, yeah Philip whether it was Philip or some of your friends from Southern California or whomever I was Very happy when I found out that there were other people with you. Yeah, what was like when you were picturing me getting in trouble you were picturing like things you had seen on the news or news stories, but what it did you ever picture? Like, what's the scariest thing that happened to you walking across America her? Well, you'll several things. Yes several things. Well, there's always natural dangers. You could be bitten by a snake or fall off a cliff or a car accident. Accidentally hits you or any number of just accidental things or you could be attacked by drug lords, or you could disappear you could be held for ransom. Did any of those things happen to you? Yes, so when your dad and I entered Colorado back then and then late 1970s, it was still pretty wild and we entered into this kind of desert area totally isolated and it was in the San Luis Valley and we Headed towards Saint Louis, which is the oldest town in Colorado. Totally Barren deserted. We're on this lonely narrow two-lane road and it's almost Dusk and we see this car coming way off in the distance and when it pulled up close to us, I could see it was full of men and they were shouting and when they got next to us, I could see they were all drunk and bloodshot eyes and the driver with where you walking with. Dad because a lot of times you walked. Well your dad and I are normal routine on a typical day. I mean, he was very robust and very strong and he always walked pretty far ahead of me, you know, like a scout wood and I'm kind of trudging along at my own pace because in order for me to walk 12 and 15 miles a day, I could not do it in a hurry I had to do it. I mean, it's like The Tortoise and the Hare it is long before like a Walkman or headphones, right? Oh, nothing just silent. Totally silent but the sounds of nature and the the feelings of the environment were so accentuated and so real so I never missed a hawk or a rabbit or a coyote or a or a deer or Antelope out in New Mexico. But anyway, this car load of men they drove up next to me. Peter was ahead of me. He heard them turned around and saw that they were next to me and they were were oh gosh, the driver had long blue black silk hair with a red. Bandana. He looked like he was maybe part Indian part Hispanic like from some tribes some western movie. Yeah western movie his eyes were bloodshot and he started shouting at me a senorita. We're going to get you. Well, I kept my head down and kept walking they drove driving drunk. They're driving drunk, but they're driving beside. Get like one or two miles an hour shouting at me their arms out the windows reaching to grab me course Peter turns around. He's walking back toward me they're shouting profanities and they're going to kill me and this and that but the time Peter is almost there. We hear a truck or a car coming off in the distance and we knew that was our chance to escape and so the driver through it and reverse he backed up and then he stepped on the gas and he came Came toward me full force. I jumped off the side of the road. He threw it in reverse did it again. And then when this car that was coming in the distance got near he stomped on the gas gravels spewed behind him and they went off shouting. We're going to come back and kill you we're going to get you. So anyway, Peter and I as they sped off we jumped off the side of the road. I'm I'm reliving this in my mind because I can see it and feel it all over again. So we jumped off the side of the road and we hightailed it out into the Open Range. It was almost dark and we knew that we had to find a hiding place. So we found a low place in this open range and you can't I mean it all looks flat from a distance. But if you're actually walking it, sometimes there's little gullies and dips. We found a low place and we hunkered down and we were like scared rabbits and if you know in nature if there is a rabbit or a An animal that's being sought by Predators. If they can't run away they freeze they freeze in place to try to camouflage and be hidden from danger. Well, that's what we did all night long. This car loaded drunk men went up and down that road shining a spotlight looking for us. They were serious. Whoa. Well the next morning when the sun peeked Over the Horizon we got up and we hightailed it. We were about three miles from Saint Louis. We got into town and we Into the little sheriff's department and this little short instead of Walking Tall. He was walking short this little short Sheriff. He told us he said he knew exactly who these guys were and they were a tribe of Outlaws that lived up in the Foothills and they only came down to steal and to kill and to cause trouble and he said the only thing that they knew and respected was a sawed-off shotgun. Whoa, so, you know, yes, so so you were like, Like something like that or Worse could happen to me. Oh totally in the times of change is not a sawed-off shotgun. It's you know, AR-15 AR-15 or are they behead you? Yeah, so, so anyway I decide to go and I promise you I'll get Phillip to go with me and what? Did you always know you would want to come visit me in South America, or was that something that you decided later? Oh, no. No. No, I always knew that I would find you somewhere on the road and we try to work out where I could come because as a mother I wanted to see you and touch you and know that you were all right, but also as an adventurer I wanted to share or live just a tiny bit vicariously through your adventures because In my soul, my grandmother's were Pioneers. They travel by covered wagon. Mmm. I've always had a daring adventurous spirits still do still have just got back from 10 days across Switzerland Switzerland. And so I wanted to know that you were all right. So yes, that was a part of it but everything was of course up to you and according to your plan and to what? For you I've learned as a parent with adult children that it's much better to wait until I am invited to participate in your lives rather than to force my way and demand that you pay attention to me or whatever. But as adults, I think we've transitioned into a wonderful place of mutual respect and invitation where I'm thrilled to be a part of your lives but By Invitation Only Mm-hmm. The which part did you like more Ecuador or Patagonia? They each held a high level of Adventure and they were beautiful in their own ways. But I suppose if you're just talking about a real extreme experience. It would have been Patagonia because of tourist Del Paine e the natural National Forest the mountain the mountains where we hiked in Ecuador was A cultural experience like yes, the Easter and the church is yes and the jungles and I think loss and the and the equator and and the little Beach Town the little party town, but I loved Ecuador and I loved our little cars that we rented. What do we call them Buster? And I don't know they were just little jelly beans. Oh, they jelly beans. I think they, you know, hold two people if you were really squeezed in there. There and there were five of us so and and all of our luggage and everything. So we rented two little cars and we went from one end Ecuador to the other and got lost in the jungles at midnight. You were trying to find directions on Google Maps and I think the satellite ever been to Ecuador. So I didn't know it didn't work. We were literally at 11 o'clock at night. We were supposed to be at our cabin be our Airbnb on the beach by like four five. Clock it was eleven o'clock that night and we were in the middle of the Jungle were in a river bed in a river bed and just kept going deeper and deeper and the holes in the road in the little jungle path kept getting deeper. And I thought we're going to blow a tire out here in the middle of nowhere and then we're going to be carried off by gorillas or you know, unknown tribes one interesting thing because I really did follow in your footsteps. Footsteps and many ways one interesting thing which I want to talk about because I think it's just profound is you wrote a book about your travels and you wrote about real people but it was a little I think it was a little different in the sense where mine talked a lot about you and the church and my childhood and God and the Bible and there was a lot of like deep excavation. And so what was your experience writing about real people and then having Them read it. I mean your books were way bigger than my book. I mean everyone in America read those books and so did anyone from your experience communicate with you that they didn't feel fairly represented because then I want to move onto my representation of you and how you feel about that. I don't remember anyone saying they did not feel fairly. portrayed I think your dad and I we tried to put people in context in their environment in their lives and our experience was more about meeting and getting to know the real American people the salt of the earth types not the types you see on television or imaginary characters, but these were real people farmers and waitresses and teachers and And people who worked every day and who were rooted in the land and rooted in their communities. And so they offered a sense of stability. And I mean these were the people that you've heard this saying they were the glue that held this country together and they still are there. They're the unspoken voices out there. It's the majority of people in this country. It's not the people who are screaming and waving flags are waving signs. Signs and they're marching and this and that that's a small percentage of the millions of Americans who live and work in this country. They're trying to take care of their families. They're trying to do the best they can and they get up and they go to work and they come home. They want their little piece of the American dream, but they're they're good solid people and and we tried to portray that so in our story we weren't trying to The conflict was just the trip not people. That's right. The conflict was the trip and the physical endurance. And I mean, we walked through blizzards and and I had heat stroke once and we walk through all kinds of dangers and I fell off a Rocky Mountain once almost to my death. I mean there were a lot of physical rigors and dangers but back in the 70s. I mean the world was as always been there's an element of danger. But it wasn't like it is today where there's there's just this sense of violence and anger in the air. It wasn't that way and then I don't think the 60s and 70s were like that people were being like they were bombs blowing up in like Federal buildings. It's worse than it is now. No, it was at that was an element. Yes, but it wasn't pervasive in all of society today Society is It's almost neighbor against neighbor. It's not that wasn't how it was in the 1970s. You had your Kent State and you had your Woodstock and you had free love and you had you had these kinds of movements but you know, the majority of Americans were not affected by all that mmm whereas today because of social media because of instant. S to every little wine and complaint people are just stirred up all the time. There's no peace. Yeah, there's trouble at every turn and that Grieves me because I know a different America hmm. Well, so my intention with going on the trip and eaten really just writing the story of my life and our friendship and you being my mother and my journey with faith and all these things was I wanted the reader to know the truth of my life and like you as much as I like you but also know that we've had some blowouts like any mother and son and we have some existential differences and beliefs and yet and so in order to portray that that's hard because that's like showing the world Our private disagreements sometimes and what was that like for you reading that responding to it and feeling like There Were Strangers? Learning about all that well because your dad and I were best selling authors and there were millions of strangers who knew about us and then when your dad and I divorced it was a public thing. So there have been there's been a lot of public exposure in my life. So it doesn't was a totally new it wasn't totally new. I I was very Very enamored with your storytelling and of course, I've known as your mother all along What A Gifted writer you are and I always knew that you would become a writer but I never told you that because it wasn't my journey or my Discovery. It's a self-discovery and I think a wise parent will kind of step back and give their kids room, too. Make mistakes to challenge life to ask questions to do things that you might not agree with. Hmm. But it is your journey. It's not mine. Hmm and through that journey. I stand on the sidelines and there is a yes. I am a woman of tremendous faith and my faith grew walking across America and my faith grew when I became a single parent and my faith grew when I raised three children alone. So I had to depend upon my faith and my belief system in many many difficult times, but I always knew and still believe that as a parent. My job is to stand in the Gap. My job is to stand on the sidelines and to pray that God will guide guard and protect you and Lead You In the way that you need to go. Mmm. So that sets me free because Cuz I'm ultimately not responsible for for your soul. I'm responsible to love you to do my best to guide you to do my best to give you the best. I can in terms of life's lessons and wisdom and all that but at the same time you have to let your children find their own way. Hmm. How did it Did because we had some conversations in the early edit stages where you were like, I don't feel or you I just remember you saying like I feel like you're making fun of me or you're not quite characterizing me in the right way and do the idea of there were a few place. There were a few places in your writing where I felt like, You were how can I put this that you were not describing whether it was me or anyone else? Hmm? In in in the fullest context because none of us know one person is just one little facet of your personality or or what they do or whatever, but I think when you paint a fuller picture of a person and in the context of their lives or whatever and I can't remember specifically what it was in your book. I can't I remember there was one at it you gave me which I thought was really profound. I don't know if I told you this No, but when you said that you had problems with it, so I bounced it back to you. And I said okay go through the book and anything you want to change. I'll change it or like I'll at least consider it and you went through and gave me, you know, maybe 25 edit weeks of just like your language or the way you saw it and there was one section where I was kind of complaining that you made me go to church all the time as a kid like three times a week. And you just gave me a little context and you're like, I'm not a crazy church lady. I was a single mom. I had three kids and that was the only safe that was a safe free place. I could take you exactly where I could know you were safe and you're having activities and you're not just watching TV exactly and I had never thought of it that way. Yes. Oh no, and of course whether it was youth groups or our middle school or or wherever. Ever but going to church. I knew you were getting positive input. I knew there were positive activities there were safe whether it was church camp or whatever, but for me, I couldn't afford a babysitter. Hmm. I couldn't I had zero life except taking care of three children in three different schools trying to survive financially and so going to church for me was like sharing the load. Load of caring for three children and knowing that you were in a safe positive environment and that and it was free. I didn't have to pay for it. Hmm. What it when you think about your faith. Do you ask this question? What is your degree of certainty that like Jesus is the way the one and only way in the sense where if you got to heaven and All the Buddhists and the Muslims in the Jewish people were up there celebrating with the Lord. Would you be like, wow I got this wrong or would you think something else like? Oh, well, I loved the way I did it. You know like would you be disappointed? Well, I think as a Christian and as a Biblical scholar because I did go to Seminary and I've studied the Bible my whole life. I do believe that Jesus Christ is God's son who was sent to seek and to save the Lost. And that he is. The Lord's way, I mean for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. So I in my own heart God is is is so incomprehensible to me outside of how he personified himself through Christ. The the Beatitudes and the things that that Jesus taught us that gives us an idea of the character and the love of God not just someone trying to work their way to heaven but that God was a gift and that we just have to place our faith in him. So I don't have to work my way to heaven. I don't have to jump through a lot of Hoops, but I'm I'm 110 percent convinced that Jesus Christ is my savior. Hmm and that he will greet me whenever I die. I'm very I'm very confident. I have had dear close friends who've had what I call will other people would call them near-death experiences. But this one friend in particular. She was a registered nurse worked in a hospital or whole life. And so we're talking about a highly educated person in the field of medicine. Mmm-hmm. She had a drug reaction. And was pronounced dead in the emergency room. And so she and I became very dear friends and she told me this story. I was the first person that she told and the only person for many years, but she told me her experience of floating out of her body overhead and seeing herself on the table. There was her husband and he was weeping and saying please come back. We need you. I can't raise these boys alone and then she told about her. Perience of seeing the Lord and what it was like and she wept through the entire experience. Well, anyway, she had the choice of either going on with with Christ or returning and she felt the pull of raising her son. She had three sons. So when she told me this story and of course I had great respect for her, but at the core of Christianity, the resurrection and her story was the first of several that I've heard through my lifetime of people having this kind of an encounter and knowing and I believe and trust these people are telling me the truth and so it affirmed everything that I had read in scripture and that I believed and that I still believe Well, so how would you answer the would you be disappointed if? Some weird non-christians were greeting you at the gate or how would you react to that? Well, I think when we When we enter the presence of God that there's no more tears and no more sorrow. So I don't think that I would have any sorrow, I think I would be be rejoicing for any and every soul that was in the presence of God. Hmm. That's beautiful. One question. I get kind of a lot is there's a lot of people whether it's Young gay men or it's I have a friend who was raised very traditional Jewish and she was a she fell in love with a Catholic boy and it devastated her mother and they've almost had they've had such a fractured relationship and everything that she does breaks. Her mother's heart her mother weeps for her for not following that traditional Jewish path and it eats up my friend, right and I hear these stories all the time from just when the kid isn't following the parents example in the way that the parent would want and it breaks the relationship to a point where it is insufferable and people look at my friendship and relationship with you as your son and they're like, how do you do it and I'm curious I'm curious both how you would explain it and what advice you would give to people whether they're the parent or the child Well parenting under the best of circumstances is a real it's a gift and it's a challenge and every parent really wants what is best for their children. I say every parent unless it's a you know, unhealthy situation a very abusive or unhealthy situation, but normal parents want what is best for their children? The the Fine Line comes as children become adults and parents have to go through this process of learning how to detach with love and I don't think a parent can do this alone. I think and I'm speaking for myself here. I remember I had a counselor tell me once when you kids were little and I was a single parent and the advice was do not turn your son's into your surrogate husband. In other words as a parent do not dump all of your adult troubles and problems on to your children and expect them to be equipped to be a partner or an advisor or Anything else let them be children then when they grow up they're better equipped. To stand on their own and find their own way. They're not crippled because they couldn't fix their parents for me. I believe that what has helped me. I've had a wonderful circle of close friends that I can confide in and we can talk and share our Joys and sorrows and troubles and burdens. But then again I go back to my faith and my core belief. Is that you Jed are the apple of God's eye and that God loves you even more than I do and so as I pray for you, I am able to trust the fact that God has a plan and a purpose for your life and on your back. It's not on my back. So that sets me free that sets me free to enjoy you too. Love you, too. Cheer you on now after things you do that. I don't like those are things I just pray about but there are not it is your life and I think the way that as a parent that I am able because my three children now all adults with families and lives of their own I am I am I am blessed by each of you. I love you. You're all yummy and wonderful to me, but I don't think and I believe all of you would agree with me. I'm not an interfering parent. I'm not telling you how to live your lives, but quietly in my prayer closet. I am praying God's best for you that each of you find. The plan and the purpose in the destiny that God has for you not what I have for you because what I want for you is may not at all line up with what God has for you and ultimately your greatest happiness will be when you find and fulfill your talents and your gifts and your purpose is in life. Which are God's purposes for you? Not mine. So I'm at a place at this stage of my life in my golden years where I think about my own mortality, I think about my legacy, I think about the things that I want my children and my grandchildren to know and it is that you are you are are all fearfully and wonderfully made. made their God has a plan and a purpose for each of you and that as your mother and grandmother I see my role is to be your number one cheerleader your number one fan and to just pray that you seek and serve the almighty because there's where you will find your ultimate peace in your happiness not trying to please me or your dad or or anybody else, but to seek and to serve Our creator so if I was a parent and of an adult child who I think their life choices are bad or shameful or whatever and I just like have a real hard time having a relationship with them. What advice would you give me Ur? Like, what would you say to that parent? I would say it's there's a scripture that talks about how God's love is deeper than the sea. I think as a parent of a child whose lifestyle is not what you would choose or who they could be a drug addict or an alcoholic or they could they could be doing things that you totally disagree with. I would say love them anyway. Pray for them. Don't scold them. Don't tell them what they're doing wrong. But you pray and you put them in the hands of God. God is more able to intervene and God that I think we are. And I've also learned as I've grown older. I try not to interfere and I love when I'm invited by you kids to go out to dinner or to participate in any way. I love that but I'm careful to respect boundaries. I don't want to step into your business if it's none of my business. I don't want to give you advice if you don't ask for it. And now you and I have a lot of conversations about money and investment things like that. I love those conversations and you ask me for advice and I'm tickled to death to give it because I want to see all my children prosper and do well and to be independent and to have Financial Security and a lot of parents. They don't want to teach their kids lessons about Money or are even lessons about faith or lessons about anything. You know, I think if you give a kid a good foundation the Bible says train up a child in the way he should go and when he gets old, he won't depart from it, but there's a solid foundation there and then then you you open your hand and you let them fly and if they fall let them pick themselves up dust themselves off and keep going. But you know, you got to kick them out of the nest if necessary. Let them fly. Let them fail. It's their lesson their journey and God Is Bigger Than you as a parent because he's the ultimate parent and his desire and his wishes for your children are much greater than yours. So those parents this Jewish Family you're talking about I would say to that mother who's weeping every day because her daughter is not Doing what she thinks I'd say to her. Get over it. Get over it. Let your daughter live her life and pray for your daughter and pray that she finds God's plan and purpose for her life. But her a child's purpose in life is not just is not to live every day of their life. Trying to please you as a parent. That's a lie. The only thing God Is in the Ten Commandments is to honor your mother and father. He doesn't tell a Child O will live every day of your life to please your parents know. Hmm. That's fiery Mom. I'm into that are we going to say I was also going to say Jed that a lot of where I am today was because I've been through the deepest valleys when my daughter your sister when she was a teenager. She was very rebellious and I had to learn many many lessons during those very turbulent years, and I know what it feels to cry in the night into wheat because in many in so many ways. She did not fulfill my vision what I had for her, but then as the Heartbreak and time and circumstances. I was believe I was led to just just just pray for her and that she would find her way and that she would get on level ground. Well fast forward all of that happened. She is a wonderful. Wonderful wife and mother and has a has a very good life and now you're like best friends and we're best friends. Yes, but those were very turbulent years. So I know what it's like as a parent to let go of your own Visions for your children and you have to do that at some point and if you don't like it, then you need to go to your prayer closet. And just as Abraham put Isaac on the Altar and he was ready to slay them and then God provided a ram each parent is asked to let go of your child and to put him in the hands of the father. Hmm and when we do that and that's very scary, but when we do that and we trust that God is greater and that he will guide and Lead now, it may not be Taneous it may take years. But so what the ultimate goal is that your children are grown well-adjusted healthy productive and God-fearing people. Hmm. I think that's what's wrong with the country today. Oh, no, stop you what one? No, you're not gonna give us a we're not talking about that. People don't have any fear of God. What take us to the final hike and tourist Alpine a well. I'm sitting here looking at a painting that I have been working on for several years. I hope to get it finished this year, but that was a wonderful life experience. I was 68 years old 7 o 67. I was 67 years old. So we you have to check in at the park. And here we are with all these International. Rational people very active very active people mountain climbing people and I it never dawned on me that everybody there was 35 and under I'm not I thought I was 35. So anyway, what was supposed to be a good six seven hour hike, you know, three and a half up re and a half down and it doesn't get dark till 10 o'clock at night. So I mean we started at like, what do you p.m. Or so we started around noon? Okay, and so it was you and Sophia and Brigitte and me so you all are just you know firecrackers and we hiked up and up and up. We stop and have a little lunch and then you all keep going. Well, you know, I'm kind of dragging behind but the goal was to reach this Glacier lake at the top of the Torah still painting these spiral. Granite mountains Chile, right? I mean it's like one of the wonders of the world or something. So anyway, it's getting later and later. We get to the point where it's almost get it's going to get dark and you and Sophia and Brigitte we were almost to the top and we had maybe another half a mile to the top. And I mean we're talking sheer Boulders. We're talking no more Trail. You had to like Rodman and to get to this point we had crossed rushing rivers and Swinging Bridges and high winds. We get almost to the top and I said Jed you guys go on you must be able to see this before it gets dark and that's not what happened. We were already up there for like an hour. We were coming down. Oh no saw, you know, I know but I told you all to go ahead of ya. I told you how long before long the Before yeah, and you all thought I would just sit there and rest are you went up and it no I trudged along I kept going up and up and up. My knees were hurting. I was exhausted you found multiple walking sticks. I found multiple walking like see people right and it's getting darker by the minute. Well, I'm just probably maybe in space. I'm probably two blocks from being. Yeah to the top where I can see. But Here Comes Jed and Sophia and Bridget and you all are coming down in your shocks because there I am you didn't you thought I'd be way on down shocked wait. So anyway, it was getting dark and we said you and I told Sophie and Bridget you guys go on ahead and back book it back. Okay. So by that time it's about 10 o'clock at night and it's getting dark so you and I in charge. Our way down and I mean, sometimes it was sitting on rocks and sliding on our butts to get down these Boulders, but it's getting darker by the minute and my knees are killing me, but I try not to say a word and so it gets darker and darker will meanwhile it starts to rain. It starts to sleet. The wind is like sideways. Yes. It's like 70 mile an hour winds. It is gold and freezing and getting darker and Blacker know. Stars in the sky. It's just it's a winter storm. And so we finally I can hear you in front of me and we're just you know, you're we're finding our way in the dark down down down. It's midnight It's One o'clock And I'm thinking in my mind. I'm thinking dear God don't let me die up here on this mountain. They'll nobody will ever find me. So we come down and we're maybe I don't know a mile or two, but of course Sofia and Bridget had hiked back and were there long time but it's it's in in the middle of the night. We had been hiking over 11 hours, and I'm I'm too tired to even talk and Jed's ahead of me you're ahead of me. And we had these swinging Bridges. We had to cross and these rushing rivers and I just I could not let myself. I think that I wasn't going to make it every step I said I can do it I can do it I can do it but you're in a lot of pain. Oh, I'm hurting. I'm cold to the Bone to the bones pitch black. It is pitch-black. Well at some point I couldn't hear you and I couldn't see you even for feet in front of me. It was that dark and I yell at you Jed Jed, where are you? You don't answer me and I don't hear anything. I don't see anything. Oh my God, I'm lost out here. This is it. This this is the big one. And so all of a sudden you flip on your phone light turn around said you got a problem mom if I'd had a rock. I would have thrown it in shit. I thought you little turd. And so anyway, we kept inching I remember before that point. I kept trying to get you to gossip about your friends because I just wanted you to have your mind on something else. I was asking you a thousand questions about all your friends that I knew just to like keep me occupied your brain occupied and then there came a point where you just wouldn't answer me anymore right now. I was too tired. I couldn't I did not have the energy to talk. So we finally when you called out to me that was almost the very end that we were coming around the mountain like right it was almost the end. But I that was the first sense of fear of real fear, you know, I could have fallen and broken a leg. Leg a hip, you know falling off one of those swinging Bridges to my death anyway, so the rain and the sleet is just stinging our faces. I mean every every part of our bodies are soaked to the bone and we finally up ahead we see a dim light of the lodge where we had left all those hours ago. And when we finally made it there I I don't even know that I had the strength to think we just made it. Hmm, but it was about 2:00 in the morning when we finally got off that mountain. I know and they had hot toddies waiting for us. Yes. Yes. Okay. Well just an adventure another adventure but II wouldn't trade that for anything in the world. It was amazing. It was amazing. I wrote about that story. I got to go find it. What are you working on these days? I am working on my autobiography and it is pretty dramatic. How far are you into it about a hundred pages and you're enjoying writing. Oh, I'm loving writing it because I'm telling stories just like I'm doing here and I love it. It's exciting. I'm just gotten through my very colorful hillbilly childhood. You know, those are in the oh Ozarks and and grown up next door to my granny and Granddad just pours Church mice didn't have anything and lived in a little old for room house that flooded several times and we had to get in a boat to get out of there. None. None of our neighbors could read or write and we fed they bring their mail to Papa so he would read it to him or something. They brought it to my mother. We call her Mimi. None of the neighbors could read and write and everybody was on. What we called Commodities those were government wasn't called welfare back then but it was governor government Commodities. And so all the neighbors would bring their mail to my mother to read because none of them could read a right. Well, these were just old farming people who had come out of the woods. We lived on the wrong side of town on the wrong side of the railroad tracks and I had eight rows of track. Acts behind our house. We had an outdoor toilet. If you went out there to sit on the whole the whole little building shook. You hoped. It didn't fall over when the trains went by. Well I've left talking to you Mom. Well, honey, this has been so excited Rapidfire question little no sex or Billy eilish. What I love you. What do you say? I don't know what that was. That was questioned the self episode 2. Thanks for listening and tell me what you think about it online. Shoot me a comment on Instagram and like tell me questions. You have things you want me to talk about even episodes you'd want me to do. This is fun. So see you next week.