A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. to feel grounded and centered Here is a quote from the Buddhist monk ryuk when Teague which I would like to share. Keep your heart clear and transparent and you will never be bound. a single Disturbed thought creates 10,000 distractions you find yourself alone. on the streets of Venice You're lost. But that's okay. That's what happens in the tangle of streets. They are narrow and the gray rectangular Stone see walk on a polished from centuries of people's footsteps. Traders Baker's fisherman painters sculptors and now mainly tourists Very few people are at walking at the moment. It's late afternoon. The street ends at a square with one tool Shady Tree in the middle. A group of people are outside drinking coffee. And man is looking at a map. As you pass through the Plaza. The church bells chime for Mass. Soon. Oh, you can hear other footfalls and the voices of people. It's inexplicably calming to be in a city where there are. No other sounds of the modern world. You feel like you've stepped back in time. You pass through the square and find yourself on an even narrower Street. You stop and look up at the houses. They tell her above you. resplendent with their crumbling facades wooden shutters Ornate Stone carved window frames and balconies over which tumble pink geraniums. Underneath a men's clothing shop has closed for the day. The sign in the doorway reads I opened some time. You keep walking down the perfectly straight Street. and before long you're standing on a small Stone humpback Bridge. The canal is the color of jade. The Still Water reflects the ground houses surrounding you When you breathe in you can distinctly smell the salty Adriatic Sea. You're entirely alone. And it's quiet. apart from the noise of the water in the canal And the sound of some pigeons. a gondola appears It's completely black. except some red upholstered pillows shaped like hearts the Gondolier waves casually to you as he passes underneath the bridge. When he disappears around a corner he begins to whistle a song. The sun is low in the sky and thick golden shafts of light glanced through the old dwellings making the atmosphere more mysterious and magical than it already is. He continued walking through the straight narrow passage. He passed by a tabby cat looking at you through an open window. The passage ends at an open Lagoon where 12 gondolas are tied up along the side of a small dock. Across the bay you can see a large domed church with a clock tower. Someone has set up a yellow deck chair by the side of some Stone steps. You go over to it and sit down. the breeze the mellowing sunshine and the sound of the water are intoxicating. You feel calm. at peace like you belong here. You Close Your Eyes For a Moment and before long you drift off. into a deep deep sleep