Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity. Unity potentially anyway to hear some of your stories of how you became Marvel Studios fans and maybe that ends up getting you on the podcast to discuss your story with us. So make sure you're checking out the at Marvel Studios news Instagram, but this episode is going to be a continuation of our expanding the Universe series Disney has not changed CEOs today. So we get to actually continue on with our schedule or get back to our schedule. So this is our expanding the Universe episode for One Division and as we often do I'm going to Cap what we know about this series so far. We know that it premieres on Disney Plus in December of 2020. Originally it was announced for spring of twenty Twenty-One, but we're getting it sooner than that December of this year. All six episodes are being directed by Matt shakman whose directorial credits include episodes of succession Game of Thrones and many many episodes of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia on the writing team. We know that the head writer is Jack Schaeffer who has a story On the screenplay for not a screenplay credit but a story writing credit on Black Widow Megan McDonald is also a credited writer and she actually became the story editor on the show and she is now writing the Captain Marvel sequel the cast includes Elizabeth Olsen as Wanda maximoff Paul Bettany as Vision Tiana Paris as the grown-up Monica rambeau who was played by Akira Akbar in Captain Marvel last year Kat Dennings is back as Darcy Lewis from the Thor franchise Randall Park is back as agent Jimmy. Woo hee hee Appeared in Ant-Man the wasp in 2018 and Kathryn Hahn joins the MCU as the nosy neighbor in one division the synopsis for the series is Marvel Studios One Division Paul Bettany returns as vision and Elizabeth Olsen as Wanda maximoff to super-powered beings living their ideal Suburban Lives who begin to suspect to begin to suspect that everything is not as it seems and Jack Schaeffer the head writer on the series had discussed has described it as this is going to be something else a series that Marvel fan. I've never seen before it is half classic sitcom and half MCU spectacular. So Paul how do you feel about Wanda vision and what we know about the series so far and actually we just added something that we know about the series so far According to some photos that members of the crew have been sharing the series has wrapped production or at least they had the wrap party which doesn't always arrive at the very end of production. Sometimes the wrap party is a few days earlier. Sometimes it's they have the wrap party before they move to another look where they finish at the primary filming location before they move on to other locations. So I don't know for a fact if one division is a hundred percent done with production, but they're either completely done or just about done with production on One Division. But Paul, how are you feeling about this series so far, we're not going to get into our main speculative points yet. But just how you feel about this series right now. Well, I think that's a really cool Direction and something because it's so different. I'm feeling very I'm excited to see what they're going to give us because There is a lot of surprises that they could give us and we can speculate in which I'm just I'm sure we'll get into that at some point. But as far as right now, I like the fact that this is so kind of Bonkers and it's a little out of left field because that's not necessarily Marvel Studios Mo as far as giving us something that's kind of very kind of a how do I say this artistic cookie? It's quirky, but it's artistic. It's definitely a little almost a artsy. That's not really the I'm looking for but there's I like the creativeness that they're doing. They're giving us with something like one Division and the fact that are calling it one Division and the premise that they've given us in the few things. We have they've got they've given us officially it's really interesting and I think there's a lot to play with with this idea. And obviously, I don't know if this would be if you would condense this down to a two-hour film that this would be a successful to our film. But again, They're using the medium to their full advantage not to the fact that they're going to you know, you do a two-hour story or whatever again, I was thinking about this today actually Sean besides this with this example, but the fact that you know with a movie you have it's a specific amount of time to tell a story with TV you have, you know, four or five times that amount to tell a story and develop things a certain way. I don't think either one is worse than the other you can prefer maybe a certain medium like some people might prefer TV or some people might prefer films. But what I think is interesting is that you specifically Disney plus they are using the medium to their full advantage and and because of that we're getting something quirky and creative like one division that we maybe wouldn't see in something like the MC use Studio films and I think that's a good thing. I don't think it's a bad thing that Marvel has a conduct a method but an idea of They want to put out for films and opposed to what they want to do for television. And I think that's really cool. If they can tell and happened Kevin specifically has story ideas that hey we can tell this kind of story we want to tell that story with a TV series not with a film and it obviously obviously with things like She-Hulk and with rights and things like that. There might be a little bit different but in the end there it seems like they're utilizing the medium of television and Cyril Cyril Cyril eyes story. Telling sorry everyone to their full advantage and I think that is really cool. Do not just saying let's just, you know extend this to our film and make it into a television series and put a bunch of filler in there. As of right now. It really does seem like they're going to utilize that idea so of far as using this serialize idea of Storytelling building off of an hour episode and really developing Scarlet Witch and what she does and what and Her mindset is I think there's really exciting things in that and I think that again I'm really into supporting and telling the people that who make the stuff if it's good and you want to see more things like it tell them talk about it spread the word make of social media post about it because we all want to have creative and different things in the MCU or whatever, you know property or franchise you're into and hopefully it's good because if it is they and we all say we all love it. They'll do more quirky weird. Native things like one division. So I think to be honest I may not be the most excited about the series because I obviously I'm more excited for Winter Soldier and Falcon because I just love those characters a little bit more than Wanda and vision themselves, but that being said, I think this is an important series because for that very reason of beings being different and doing something more creative and thinking outside the box in the normal superheroes so that we get from the traditional things like and CW no offense to those shows but Things like even when your soldier and Falcons, so I'm really excited to see where this will take us. Yeah. I'm very excited about it. I loved it. This is a completely new format not just in terms of having a series because we're going to have a series before this with the Falcon the Winter Soldier, but just the style of this and even though I certainly don't subscribe to the idea that all Marvel movies are the same or it's all one formula and all of that. I don't subscribe to any of those things, but we've never seen anything like This at all. I mean this is so different from anything else that mean it's so so unique. I mean I again every Marvel movie and every Marvel story is unique in its own way, but this is a complete break in format because we're not we're not talking about a movie and also in terms of a series this is not going to be a straight dramatic series like the Falcon the Winter Soldier and like the Falcon Winter Soldier is going to be and presumably a lot of these other Marvel Studios series you're going to be we've never seen anything that applies the format of A multicam sitcom within a dramatic single cam narrative like we've never seen anything like that. I can't really think of anything that totally comes to mind in quite that way for anything across the board not just within Marvel. So it is a very Brent it is a brand new type of Storytelling format and I'm very excited about that. I don't really have as I like to say a most anticipated Marvel Studios movie or series because I am totally amped up for every single one of them, but But for the in the most intriguing category, I've got this one on the Disney plus front and then eternals over on the movie side. I just can't wait to see what the series is because as soon as I heard them describing it and Elizabeth Olsen actually credited Kevin feige for this being his idea the just hearing that that notion of something that's half sitcom half MCU epic. What does that even mean? And but I love that. I don't know exactly what that means. I don't I love that. I don't know exactly how to piece that together. Other what exactly that's going to look like when we finally see it. I mean, we got a glimpse of it during the big game spot, but there's still so much about this series that we don't know but I'm completely fascinated by it. And I love that Marvel Studios is taking, you know, continuing to take risks and their storytelling this is certainly, you know, creatively it's a risk but I think so far. It looks like it's going to pay off and I think it's going to be a lot of fun and I'm not really worried about Marvel fans or anybody else embracing the series certainly not the audience. That's Listening to this podcast. I know we're mostly preaching to the choir when we do this show but I expect that people really are going to like it and I see a lot of people very excited about Wanda vision and I think it's because it is such a brand-new Concept in such a brand new format and structure that people just have a really high level of curiosity about the series. So then it really just boils down to the execution. Can they make this work in a way that is funny in the sitcom portion, but then also dramatic and Emotionally satisfying can it resonate with us as an audience and I think it would have I think it should have the power to do that. Marvel Studios is pretty good at that in the stories they tell so there's just so many different elements being brought into this and so many different questions about what exactly are we seeing and what is the cause of this like what allows this story to have this sitcom format and actually be part of the narrative be part of the you know, the larger narrative that's in play with in this series as well as within the broader MCU. Those are all really fascinating. Questions to tackle, but before we start speculating and start trying to give out some of our answers to those questions, let's go ahead and send out some thank yous. So thank you very much to you. Jackie Mason Ryan Murphy Kit Fisto. Jamie lends guitar, dude, 423 Zach Hubbard and Spencer borak. They are some of the patrons over at patreon.com slash Marvel Studios news who support this show and get exclusive content that is not available anywhere else that includes patreon credit scenes where this week. We generally when we do am a nap. Episode of the main podcast that you're hearing now, we discuss an additional topic or an extension of the main topic and that's called a patriarch credit scene and we that's an exclusive to our patrons just a dollar a month to have access to those as well as some McQ a shows for this week's show our patreon credit scene is going to be about Mark Ruffalo saying at c2e2 the he has had preliminary talks to play a part in the She-Hulk Disney plus Series, so we're going to be talking about that and we have all other kinds of exclusive audio a Monday through Friday news show. We also have a Non-exclusive Discord Community where we have really cool and fun events, like watch parties. We just record it. We are we just had one on March 1st for Captain America the Winter Soldier Winter Soldier, we're doing another one this week. If you heard this podcast early enough on Wednesday, March 4th to celebrate the arrival of Black Panther on Disney. Plus we are doing a watch party for that film. That's again Wednesday, March 4th at 6 p.m. Pacific Time, exclusively on our patreon Discord, but it also if you do sign up for our Patron and you get exclusive audio You get your own private RSS link that you can use in a pod catcher like apple podcasts you subscribe via RSS that allows you to get all of the audio the patreon exclusives and the main show. It's all in one feed. You don't have to track it down in multiple places. So for more information on all that we have to offer please visit patreon.com slash Marvel Studios news. So as we start to speculate about one division Paul, let's start with Wanda herself and let's talk about something that Elizabeth Olsen said at Comic-Con. Kahn and I know she said it because I was there she said quote we're going to have a lot of fun. It's going to get weird. We're going to go deep we're going to have lots of surprises and we're going to finally understand Wanda maximoff as the Scarlet Witch Kevin feige also said something about this at CC XP and Brazil back in December. He said and most importantly we're going to reveal a name that I'm not even sure we've said in the MCU yet, but we absolutely make a big deal of in the show, which is that Wanda is in fact the Scarlet Witch in What does that mean that she is the Scarlet Witch? So Paul your guess as to what it means that Wanda maximoff in the MCU. We know first what it means in the comic books, which is her powers are whatever right or needs them to be but in the MCU, what does it mean that Wanda maximoff is the Scarlet Witch? Well, first of all, I think I go to my go to which you probably already know, which is costume. I feel that I feel that she's actually actually going to get some kind of uniform that makes her the Scarlet Witch. Which and we get a little bit of a tease of that in the trailer and and with that costume I think comes and we again we talked about this with again with Falcon and Winter Soldier actually said the title right this time, um, but another probably people there go you said Iraq twice. It's like I get it. Um, but that being said, I think this kind of goes in line with her becoming more comfortable with who she is and get in that costume and becoming that Scarlet Witch persona. the superhero basically I think being because if you look at the previous films, she hasn't she's not comfortable with herself and you get that throughout the entire phase, you know phases or Infinity Saga if you will because they hint at that she was, you know a lab rat which I hope they reckon at some point because obviously I want her to be a mutant form of those Powers anyway, That being said either way she's not comfortable with who she is necessarily these II don't think so and it gives the impression that she's just you know, the whole with both Pietro, you know dying and even that moment with Hawkeye which is a great moment in Age of Ultron probably the better modes in the film. She doesn't feel comfortable and necessarily at peace with what's going on defending this rope. I get two robots and all Stuff and and she's kind of in over her head a little bit as far as in her mind and she obviously when she when she gets comfortable she becomes more powerful and becomes like, you know a game changer. What's interesting. Is that who does she connect with on the team? She connects with an Android and I think there's an again that that's from the cannon and I think there's something to that I think that there is a disconnect with Wanda in some ways with her Humanity. Or with who she is as a person and I'm not sure if those powers are a part of it. And so when I think of she becomes a Scarlet Witch, maybe this is their way of going into that idea the psyche of the Scarlet Witch and her power levels and how insane they can be but also maybe that this is going to be her accepting who she is and becoming that that code name of Scarlet Witch and getting a costume of some point with that hit by awesome headband. even if it's a Halloween costume by the way, still looks phenomenal so or in the show context, but with that being said, I really do feel that this is when I hear that they're going to call her the Scarlet Witch is could be want to finally becoming comfortable with who she is in her own skin and maybe branching out of who she is as a person and we get that different side of Wanda it maybe she changes she's not just kind of this apprehensive person because look at even Civil War in the Beginning she's just kind of like you don't I mean she just she doesn't seem comfortable and she's actually she's actually somewhat comfortable and Civil War. I think that was an important point for her in her journey because in Age of Ultron, there's the bitterness the anger that her and Pietro post both feel and they have perfectly good reasons for it and they explain exactly why they feel the way that they do and why they feel that way in particular about Tony Stark and by extension The Avengers, but then of course she makes the Asian to join the Avengers at the end of that film and was kind of interesting as you go back to Civil War in the beginning of that film in Lagos, and she's actually being trained by the by the rest of the Avengers at that point and she's talking about how you guys know I can move things with my mind, right and then it's like Natasha and everybody's pointing out the things that she's not seeing and you know that she's not seeing the whole pictures though just because she has these tremendous Powers. It doesn't mean that she doesn't have to be fully aware. Of everything that's around her. And then of course there's this horrible accident where in trying to save Steve and everybody else who's around Steve as Brock rumlow tries to blow himself up and take Steve Rogers and everybody else in that market with him. She of course contains that explosion and gets him out of the way but only to a point and then the explosion lets out and then several people are killed including many wakandans. And so I think for in that moment for Natasha or not for Natasha for Wanda I think there was good. There was a little bit of confidence that had been building and then that was completely shattered by what happened and then the world's reaction to her very, you know, thinking of course that she is even though she was really just trying to save as many people and if she doesn't contain that explosion even temporarily temporarily from Brock rumlow the same amount of people if not more died right there in that market. So a lot of people are going to die no matter what but she wasn't able to save everybody while trying to contain the explosion but she's from she feels understandably a tremendous amount of responsibility. Ability for that certainly the World Pins a lot of that responsibility on her and I think that's actually kind of why we see that bond between her and vision is there's the moment where Vision saves her at the end of Age of Ultron, they lock eyes and you kind of get it but I think a lot of that was us filling in the blanks I think as comic book fans who know the history of that relationship, but I think in Civil War were you see that bond in a much more real way and it's not just about Wanda being saved. I think what Vision understands about Wanda and what Wanda season vision is they both know what it's like to be feared? They both know what it's like to be more powerful than they realize and to not understand the true not understand the full nature of their powers and that's why Vision talks to her about how he doesn't even understand the full nature of his power with the Mind Stone that's sitting there right, you know sitting right there in his forehead, but they both understand fear. I mean the even from The Avengers the initial reaction to Vision Was Fear because they thought here's just a more powerful version of Ultron that we have to deal with and I imagine even though it's not maybe it's not as explicit in the MCU as it could have been but I would imagine there are still a lot of people who are fearful in the MCU just regular people not avengers or military or anybody else just average citizens who probably do have some fear about Vision because of what happened with Ultron and then certainly a lot of people are afraid of Wanda because she's so powerful and to the outside world. It certainly doesn't seem like she is in full control of those powers and she's not in full control of those Powers just yet. So I think there's a lot in those characters that that brought them together and allowed them to bond through, you know, a mutual experience. That was very similar to one another and I think they get each other on a level that a lot of other people don't because a lot of people don't take the time to try and get them because they fear them but that's part of Wanda's journey and Civil Wars to get over the idea of people fearing her and you know and really is worrying about what she believes is the right thing to do, but that of course becomes more and more complicated and much more tortured process for her to figure Get out as part of the right thing to do or that's asked of her and infinity war is to kill the person because vision is obvious is a person to heard is a person just in general, you know having to kill him in Infinity war and then you know, that's why when she we see her again in end game, you know, you took everything from me for Thanos but that just makes me think of transitioning into her powers. Her powers have been so different over the course of the MCU. I mean in Age of Ultron, we really saw the Mental manipulation stuff. We haven't really seen it since it's been more about her her telekinesis and other powers like that's really been more of the focus and Civil War Infinity war and end game. So we've kind of touched on which is the way the comics have always been that's what yeah joked about it was Scarlet Witch's her powers kind of vary from story to story and I think we've kind of seen that a little bit in the MCO though. It's been more consistent with the whole telekinesis angle agreed. Yeah appearances, but that's why I think in terms of us. Standing the Scarlet Witch. I don't think it's just about I do think a costume is part of it. Not the Halloween costume, but I do think she'll get him or you know, regular superhero Scarlet witch costume all the Halloween costume looks cool. Yes, we'll get that but I also think in terms of the powers. I think we are going to get into more of them in the mental manipulation stuff the more you know, the more magical aspects hexes is one power set. Yeah, the hex Powers all that. I think all of that is going to play a part in it l all of that may be and I don't want to get into that yet. We're going to get Yeah, her powers could be a huge part of what's creating this sitcom reality, but I don't want to go there just yet. But I do think you know, the variation in power is going to be a huge part of you know, making Wanda maximoff into the Scarlet Witch or really emphasizing that ask. Yeah, there's a character. Well, I wonder too that if the show is about is not just about the fact that you know, there's a regular sitcom whatever but it's also going to be almost explaining what Scarlet Witch. It is going to be like going forward in other MCU films like and not just like from a power level. So a meaning like okay, we know the telekinesis idea and almost embracing that idea Sean of hey, we know and accept the fact that she was like how Maria Hill says she's weird, you know, they don't really know exactly who you know, what's going on this maybe we'll establish everything about her going forward and and we'll all On the level of okay. This is one its power level. This is what she's capable of this is what she you know is this is what she can do. It's almost like they're setting up the idea for their crossing the streams if you will, it's like one day you can't do that and then you establish that excuse me you establish that in this series, but then you call upon that eventually maybe in the doctor strange movie that's going to come out that that leads into it so or something like that going forward you I think this This is where it really fascinating and I but again I think it all comes back to want to becoming more of who she is and it were accepting of who she is by under because she understands where she comes from and her past because obviously I think they're going to dive into those things because that's what makes her so interesting and we don't really know exactly what our past is like. So once she becomes more comfortable, maybe all those powers do come come around with it. So I feel the show is going to be on so many different levels of Pushing the narrative forward for I think the Avengers and continuity but I think Wanda as a person as you know accepting who she is and with that all the powers that come from that and what how empowering that is when she realizes who and what she is she then can fully Embrace. And again, that's great. It's a great I think message for anyone right? And I think that's that's what it feels like they're going to be giving us in a very weird quirky way as you said Sean, so I think Think there's a there's so much potential here. And again, we could run rampant with so many different ideas for speculating. But as far as a show, there's lots of what with what they're giving us. There's a lot they can do just a from a storytelling standpoint of again without speculating just what they can do for the character going forward with it. So, it's really it's a fascinating series. It really is I to me, it's not the one I'm looking for do but I think it's the definitely the most fascinating of all Them without a doubt. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean it is certainly the one of the most curious about because I am really intrigued by figuring out how all of this is going to come together and you might as well get into the sitcom stuff because I want to I want to talk about Vision in this series, but I feel like I can't do that properly unless I'm acknowledging the thoughts we have about this whole sitcom situation and we see different pieces of it. I mean, we don't just see a sitcom. I mean we see a bunch of them in the Big Game Spot. We see black and white like 1950s Dick Van Dyke we see 70s We see a set that looks like the Brady Bunch living room. We see want to being pregnant. We see something that's a little more 80s or 90s with vision wearing, you know, a Tom King Vision run plaid shirt and we see like invisible babies with Pat with like pacifiers. I mean, we see a lot of different things going on in this and something I want to bring up again. And I know I said it a couple episodes ago, but just in case you didn't hear it, I just want to reiterate the point. I mean in terms of Wanda as a character I still lead toward her being the source of the sitcom reality which is why I'm not a hundred percent sure that vision is really and truly back in a way where he's going to be back full-time in the MCU. When I LIF Wanda is the source of these sitcoms, you know, why why are sitcoms even a part of this and I think that whether Wanda is the will the Willing source of these realities or it's something that is being forced upon her. Or something that you know subconsciously is being triggered within her. I think the reason why it still plays on a desire that's within her in the first place and it's a desire for what she perceives as an ideal Family Life which he perceives as safety as normal and when I look at when I picture Wanda maximoff and her brother Pietro in sokovia which Zemo tells us was in Civil War. He tells us it was a failed State long before the Avengers or Ultron ever. Showed up to Cobia was not a safe place to grow up in and but that's where Wanda maximoff and Pietro lived and so I can just imagine in their apartment in that building as they're growing up there watching reruns of all these different American sitcoms. And so this becomes Wanda's idea because when she looks anywhere out to the left or right of that television looks out the window or whatever. She sees this war-torn country and all she sees These is chaos and danger and everybody so tense because they're worried about all the chaos in the danger and what could go wrong on any given day that could result in somebody being injured or killed. She's that's her life. And the escape from that life. Are these sitcoms that she's watching on this television inside the apartment. I don't know this might just turn out to be my own fan fiction, but this is kind of where I see mentally and emotionally where this could come from for Wanda this being the idea because that does happen by the way for kids who want Watch shows who don't who maybe don't live in the greatest environment and they start to idealize what they see in television. And so I could see that informing her idea of what this normal life has been and it's something that she never had with vision. Even when Vision was around. I mean, they had to steal the moments that they could over the course of those couple of years that they referred to between Civil War and infinity War but then it goes right back to a lot of the dangerous circumstances that they're all in there dealing with all the way up into the point that one andhe has to kill vision and even though Thanos undid her shattering the Mind Stone. He didn't undo her memory of the fact that she killed the person that she loved so that's still there. And that's why she's saying you took everything from me. It's not just because Thanos killed vision is because Thanos forced her to kill Vision before Thanos rewind the clock and did it himself. All of those things are informing that so now above eye and maybe Vision still isn't back. So the one thing that she wants to retreat into or maybe Somebody is forcing her to retreat into something to get something out of her, but she is in this environment and creating these realities and I do think this is a product of her powers whether it's because she's choosing to do it or somebody is triggering it within her. I do think all of this is something that she's shaping based on an idealized Vision. No pun intended of what the ideal family life would have been for her and vision the person that she loves one way or another. She's the source of it. I do think it's going to be emotionally grounded. Grounded in who Wanda maximoff is where she grew up in the circumstances in which he grew up and what she saw while she was there. Yeah. I I'm really really really I'm shy it's hard for me to talk a lot about this without speculating and giving my knowledge of the character and where they could go with it because there's a lot of history you can play on this speculate. That's what we're doing now. Okay, I want to make sure okay. I just wanna make sure I just you know, so basically I think There's there's a number of different ways and the and it gets weird and Marvel has made it way more complicated. The comics have mind you the comics have made this really crazy and I just want to make sure people understand that and I don't I grew up knowing and as you probably did as well as Sean that Wanda and Quicksilver were Scarlet Witch and quicksilver's Quicksilver suit, excuse me, we're both children. Ian of Magneto and this was a now this was a retcon and I guess I found out this was a wreck on as well apparently like this. They originally weren't and they turn them into it like it. He just never told them is weird. But regardless is that they are his they were his children and they were like that for 30 40 plus years and the they recently changed that because of the whole Marvel and fox deal and all that jazz. Okay, so, you know I can access days which is a crossover or event in Marvel that I didn't bother to read Because Marvel started going to the well too many times. They wreak on this and made and made them not mutants. And this was now retconned by the high evolutionary and that's a name that we might be seeing some point in the future as well. Now, I don't think any of that's going to happen in this series, but what I'm trying to explain is that That they've kind of gone all over the place explaining this and I think that was someone like Wanda and her power level. And with what you could do with this character you can kind of do whatever you want with this and I think what they can easily do is play on the fact that with her hex powers and her mind or herb alternate reality or a reality shaping Powers with her hex Powers whenever you could really do a lot of different things and one name that I'm not Sure. It's been confirmed or not. Sean is the Agatha character that the Harkness? Yes. He is. Someone that may could show up potential potentially. I don't know maybe is for those for those who don't know Agatha Harkness is in many ways. She's a mentor figure for when Wanda maximoff in the Arts of Witchcraft and hex powers and all of those kinds of things that somebody who Wanda maximoff is Is very very close to but she also knows a lot more than Wanda. And so yeah, you're right. I mean, we don't know if she's in this or not besides the obvious speculation of this is a character who's important to Wanda in the comics so she could quite easily end up having a role in this if Marvel wants to draw Marvel Studios wants to draw that connection to the source material and I wouldn't totally mind that because I kind of would I wouldn't mind the idea of somebody else being able to let one I know a little bit more about the extent of her powers because Wanda Wanda doesn't know that herself and she could figure it out herself, but maybe somebody else could give her additional info. Well, and when I'm thinking is is what if she Agatha maybe helped her forget what was going on to protect her. So like maybe she grew up with like someone she already knew and sokovia exactly. And so Agatha was like training her and in her and you know, Pietro and she knew that if you know, No, things were getting kind of a you know, insane there for whatever reason they say they were already mutants would say what's kind of go that route. Let's say and she tells Wanda you have to forget this you have to not know you and your brother are like this because you know, I have to do something to protect you because if I don't he could come after you he be in Magneto or let's say people of sokovia could come after you and abuse your power and with pitchforks or whatever so and that because of that Because of that I'm going to protect you and I'm going to hide them from you and she used her powers to hide their mutant powers or whatever. They forget mentally and she just says that you know, it's going to be hard for me to do or whatever and then you know, they get discovered by the you know, the whatever call it the gem or whatever Infinity but a reality gem whatever it is and they get you know, whatever. What I point is you could easily go back and do something like that it would make sense. And you can bring Agatha in and then also in Wanda could start remembering all these things that she was doing back in the day as a little girl with Agatha and then you can add a little another layer to her and I think and again she could also be doing that to protect not only themselves from other people but from Wander herself and that could bring in that whole idea that you know Wanda I was trying to protect you from doing something like this like you could basically want to Vision could be her powers going out of control. And then Agatha hat having to could basically come in and say I have to protect you or maybe it that's in the Multiverse of Madness and doctor strange that Agatha then comes into that movie because she's you know, they reveal their so there's a lot you could do again with this and I think that you could open the door in my opinion. I don't it's not a slam dunk, but now they have the rights to mutants in everything. I think it very well could go down that route with that with the idea with Agatha, you know. Cause that's what she did in the comics. She grew up with a with Agatha and she was a that Mentor figure and she taught her everything the dark arts and and was and what I always thought was really interesting about Scarlet Witch in the comic books is that he's mute but she's also tied to the Mystic Arts like dr. Strange, but she didn't she didn't learn it from you know learning like he did she inherited it from you know, as a mutant and because of that it's A little unnatural and that's where the kind of craziness kind of comes from as far as her not being able to stabilize her her powers all the time. And so I like that idea that she didn't earn it necessarily that makes sense because she inherited those powers and because of that there is that unsteadiness and that she has to you know, she's a little bit unpredictable because of that doctor strange mentions that and Bendis his run at some point. Because you know for that very reason I believe I forgot what what Pony he said he says that but dr. strange makes that point and says, you know, you you you didn't learn them. You didn't learn these Powers naturally you inherited them and you got them and so because of that they work a lot differently on you, even though they're very much the same thing as us. So she always depended on Doctor Strange Dwight in those Comics we read for the patreon episode that she goes to him about the baby and things like that because She understands her on a level that a lot of people don't know I was because he's a doctor or whatever. But either way there is that they do have a connection and that's why I thought it was really cool that wanted will play a part in to the Multiverse of Madness. So I think there's a lot to play on and you can do a lot with that again adding those extra layers of the character. So I think the mutant thing is a possibility but I think the Agatha the Agatha thing is definitely something that we could they could definitely use If not in one division than in the Multiverse of Madness, so I would like to see them play on the fact that though the we were meant to think that the structure character created them through the the infinity gem or whatever. But actually this is already established before that and that this goes even deeper than what we all thought which makes a lot more dramatic sense in my opinion and something that I'm really hoping that actually happens. I mean, I don't really need that. Change I mean if they do something like that fine, but I don't think they need to use this series to retcon Wanda and Pietro to getting their powers by being mutants. It doesn't really I mean unless one division is going to be the key to introducing the concept of mutants in the MCU which I suppose it could be but a lot of the show was being developed before the Disney Fox deal closed. So that's a lot of central elements to the plot that are being bank that are being developed before they know for sure and Kevin feige was insisting that they weren't working on that stuff until the deal was closed. So I still I don't know if I feel like all of that stuff is quite as likely to have but it could I'm not dismissing it but even so Agatha Harkness I think could be an interesting character to play a part in this series in some way shape or form and what's interesting about Agatha Harkness has that she's one of those characters who depending on the story could be on the side of the heroes, but may finders also find yourself being the an antagonist against the heroes. So it's something that That you know that character could be potentially a wild card but I do like the idea of her being a character that whether she's against Wanda or on the side of Wanda maximoff is somebody that that opens Wanda's eyes to more of the history of her powers and it doesn't necessarily have to be who her father was and wanted to being a mutant but just the idea of the very unique nature of her powers and and you could certainly say that there's something unique about them with want. That isn't even that Not much of a retcon because they experimented on a lot of people with the Mind Stone Wanda and Pietro were the two who survived why did they survive so that could be something where if they wanted to if they were able to add it in because they did close the fog Disney Fox deal months before they started shooting this so that could have been something that was a later addition in the development process. But either way I think Agatha Harkness would be a cool character to play a part in this. I'm also wondering though with a lot of this series. I mean just getting to Vision as a Part of what's so hard for me to wrap my head around vision and speculate on what all this means is. I don't know if vision is actually real and the reason I don't know is if you go back to the Big Game Spot footage, we only see Vision in the context of the sitcoms and there's a very interesting moment. We're on a television. We see Wanda answering the phone saying Vision residents and then all of a sudden she is like shaken from that reality and we see Wanda wearing Modern clothes and she's in color. Meanwhile, she's on a black asset that still in black and white and vision remains in black and white as if he's part of that reality that she is breaking from and so that's kind of what makes me wonder are we actually going to see Vision back? I mean, there's been so much speculation about him being, you know, the the white vision from the comic books when you know, there was a time where Vision completely essentially got rebooted and there's been the thought that well if vision is remade without the Mind Stone, Would that set up the idea of a completely different vision and that's all still possible and out there for this series, but if Vision only exists in these alternate kind of sitcom realities that that Wanda is potentially the one generating then I mean maybe Vision never comes back and maybe at the end of this it's just Wanda moving on in her journey in the MCU and coming to terms with the fact that vision is gone and not going to be returning and then why does just on her own going into well? I mean obviously having friends and other Heroes going off into Doctor Strange the Multiverse of Madness and whatever else may may be next for that character I 100% think it's all Wanda I think Wanda in my speculation and my prediction I think one will be the one resurrecting Vision 100% but it'll be a different vision and that'll what rule the drama will be is that it won't be the same vision she expects and because of that it'll be hard for her because it would be her creation but it's not the vision she loves so because in the comic books there is a new vision and there and it does hurt her because he's not he's disconnected from his his emotions or whatever and that he doesn't really care about anyone from the an emotional intimate level and that really hurts Wanda and there again you play off that idea that want to you know save the man she loved But he doesn't end up loving her back because he is a different person in her powers aren't exactly 100% on the money. So there's a lot to play off of that I think and I think that that's where if you look at this level, this is where I go back to the ideas of want to be really shaping her as a person and becoming you know, understanding who she is as a person and what makes her tick that to me is what the show is about. And and so I think that that going to be play a part in it and I know Owning Vision I think visual play a part in that he'll come back and he'll be a new type of vision because of it because of Wanda but it won't be the same vision and I think that'll be interesting. So so yeah, so I think he'll that's a part he'll play and then her mind that she's altering everything. It's not going to be real and when she tried because we see the vision in the trailers that it looks like the vision we know and I think that what's going to happen is that the sitcom reality that she's created it will not be real and so in order will be fully formed and when she fully forms Vision in her mind, it'll won't it won't turn out exactly the way she wants it to and that's where I think the Multiverse of Madness comes into play is that she'll be drawing from different multiverses when she Alters these pet when she uses her like perm something when she changes something permanently that makes any sense because I think the one division will be all temporary and when she does something In it, that's when think it will alter the reality you'll get you know, some of those ideas of like in the Loki the what's his name? Oh my gosh, the police guy that Walt Simonson created Authority. Just yeah, just this piece was that guy just as pcso something like that. So I think that there's going to be ramifications of her doing this it's almost like that, you know, the monkey claw like you get three wishes, but when you do it's not exactly I I feel it's gonna be something like that essentially where she's in a draw Vision back. She's things like, oh, I'm create. I have saved the man I love and it's not going to be who she was or he was and because of that it's going to make those those really powerful things that she does come with a price and because of that she won't necessarily necessarily want to alter reality because when she does it's going to suck in some way that she doesn't want to deal with so, you know, this is where and again, Where we comes back into the idea Shawn of where do they get, you know, will she create kids? You know, that is something that is going to be played a part in the show and and when she definitely creating them in the sitcom and right hands are I think it's similar question to Vision like yes vision is resurrected in the sitcom reality. Will she also resurrect him in the actual MCU Prime reality will and will the kids that she's creating in the sitcom reality be an actual A thing I mean and I think it's so I guess what's so intriguing to me. I mean just with with vision and everything is it's so hard to tell what's real and maybe that's part of the whole point of this is even Wanda might have a hard time sorting out what's real depending on how all of this is going because I mean clearly if you go back to that moment in the big game spot where she does break from the sitcom reality. There is a look of distress on her face. Like she's been removed from something that she maybe wasn't previously she wasn't aware that Wasn't real that it wasn't the actual thing that she got so engaged in that she was so engaged in that reality that she had become a part of it and it became his real to her as anything else had ever been and how does she react when that goes away because I mean that's something that the comic books didn't always navigate quite so successfully. I don't think anyway, you know and her reaction to finding out that her kids, you know were imagined and that they weren't actually real and then they kind of sort of where Comics or weird the whole issue with Kids, I'm not sure. I mean I know what they could do. I know that they could end up saying that looked at some of this stuff actually is real and some of the stuff that looks like it's purely sitcom reality are you know subconscious manifestations of actual real things, who knows what exactly is is driving all of this and we don't know that it's entirely Wanda even though I believe she is the power source for these sitcom realities going back to that point. We don't know that it's something she's choosing to do. Do it might be something where she's being manipulated into doing it. That's another Point that's worth considering because we haven't really heard about by the way a central antagonist in this series. We haven't and so just because we haven't necessarily heard about one doesn't mean there isn't one and so an antagonist that we're not aware of could be pulling the strings on this whole thing in ways that we don't immediately detect and we might not have a chance to detect until we actually see the Ruiz but going back to the point about the about the kids, I don't know. I mean there's you could go into Wiccan and speed you could go into Viv and Vis from the Tom King run Visions synthezoid children. I don't know what they're going to do as far as they're being kids in this and whether or not any of that stuff sets up Young Avengers / Champions or whatever all of those kinds of things are on the table for one division, but whether or not Marvel Studios is actually going to go in that direction. And I have no idea. I don't either and I but I think that what it's going to do if they don't outright just explain or they don't introduce these characters specific character specifically in this series. I don't think they will the they're going to have as we know heavily hint and I think that to me is really fascinating and this is where I think the genius of the show Sean really is comes a life is that I don't know if there's going to be an antagonist. Enos in the show because I think it's this is where I think the quirkiness and the half, you know superhero half sitcom thing comes into play is that it's going to be more of a psychological Thriller if you will and I think that it's almost like one is going to be Our Own Worst Enemy in the show. Like we have the nosy neighbor, right? You're going to have Kathryn Hahn. Yeah, you're gonna have those kinds of things maybe in the series, but it's not going to I think like a superpower to being in my opinion. I think it's I mean who's to say the nosy neighbor doesn't have a reason to be nosy. But in my opinion I'm going to go out and speculate that. I don't think there's going to be an antagonist. This is where I think the show is going to be more of a character piece and it's going to be or a character study if you will and it's going to really go in the eye the the Mind mind ideas and what Wanda is going through emotionally and because of her powers, there's lots of really crazy things you can do with it. It and so I think in the end it's there's not going to be a conflict. But you're you want to know where is she going? How is she going to do this? Like because again, she's gonna be altering or alternate changing reality around her basically. So I think the audience were there going to be grabbed at is how is she going to change things back? Because that's where I think the fascination becomes this is where I said, it's she's like the protagonist and the antagonist at the same time and I think that's where the interesting ideas come from is That's where she kind of is the problem a lot of time in the comics. Is she very much is some sometimes a protagonist and she can be an antagonist and I think that you don't go that way hard in the in the in the films, but you can kind of touch on that a little bit in this television series and I think that you could do it in a really really emotional character developing way and I think that's where they're going to go with. I really do feel that way. I think that the ramifications of the series are going to be more out last Ting in a character study way and also in Universe building in way with bringing in a New Vision. I think bringing the idea of the children. I don't think the children will be creating a Sara Lee in this series particularly, but I think that it's going to open that door where they're going to come into play at some point and that's where the interesting things happen. So again in my closing thoughts. I really do think that this is where there's not going to be a true and Tagging is I think it's going to be pretty much about Wanda and her alternate, you know, changing alternating reality or whatever or whatever and doing that and that's going to be where the conflict is and where it how she changes it and and how much is change and what stays changed right that to me is what's going to be the crew the true Crux of the story, right? Well and antagonists could be many different things and antagonist isn't always a villain. So when we look at other characters like Jimmy woo. Ooh and and Monica rambeau, for example and how they might factor into this. I mean if they're part of me, we know Jimmy woo last we saw he was working for the FBI. Who knows if he's still there or part of some other organization whatever it is, and if the idea be between behind Wanda and vision is just whether it's Wanda just creating these realities or Wanda and vision actually are together the idea of just wanting to be left alone and just live their normal happy. Domestic life and yet there are people who don't trust them. And so that can be that's where somebody like Jimmy who's not a bad guy could potentially be an antagonist where he's fine. He's not evil, but he is in the way of what our protagonist Wanda or protagonist Wanda and vision are trying to achieve and want for themselves so it could take on a different form. I certainly think Kathryn Hahn is is an actor's worth keeping an eye on him and I was geeking out when they introduced her. In at d23 Expo I'm a big fan of Kathryn Hahn loved her in a lot of stuff means she's greatest Jennifer Barkley and Parks and Rec but she's done a lot of great stuff. She's also a really great dramatic actress like in a private life on Netflix. And so I do think she has more to offer than just comedy and any time you hear somebody describe like you have Kathryn Hahn whose as an actress. I mean, I know she's not the biggest star in the world, but she's big enough to where if you cast someone like that. To just play a character that you're only calling the nosy neighbor and not giving her a name. Yeah, that makes me suspicious of who she really is. I think for that character there's there's a lot to there's a lot that could potentially happen there and she's not limited to just being I mean she could be the most hilarious nosy neighbor we've ever seen but at the same time she could be that and maybe something else and totally worth keeping an eye on but either way she's going to be I think she's gonna be a great addition to this series. Yeah as far as wand. Vision goes I mean well before I do final thoughts I want to throw out really quickly some recommended reading or reading recommendations as we do here on the expanding the Universe series. So Paul talked about an episode of the Marvel unlimited book club that we did on our patreon a couple of months back and I do recommend reading that series that we did for that book club. It was entitled Vision in the Scarlet Witch and it was a 12 issue series. It's all available on Marvel unlimited if you look it up on Marvel unlimited its vision and the Scarlet Witch from the year 1985. I've issue for of that series the cover of that was actually shown during the Marvel Studios expanding the universe special on Disney plus so clearly they're letting us know about that. Also, we do recommend reading Tom King's Vision run number one through 12 from 2015 just because that's a great series. I mean, it's some of the best Marvel Comics that have ever been written and certainly some of the best within like the last 20 years Kevin feige did say that that comic book series wasn't really A major point of inspiration for one division. Obviously One Division centers on Wanda maximoff and she doesn't really have a central role in that Vision series. She is a part of it but not a central figure in it. So the influence is only going to be so much but visually he did say that a lot of that was able to inform the series particularly the covers and there is a point where vision is wearing a shirt that looks very much like one of the shirts he's wearing in the sitcom realities there one more thing though before we wrap up I do we're going Go a little bit out of order because speaking of that expanding the universe special on Disney. Plus it actually reminded me of something that supervising producer. Mary livanos says there she says so much of the fun in watching the show for fans will be the unexpected discovery of where and when in the MCU this series takes place and how it all fits into that larger picture where it takes place. Yeah. I mean we talked about the idea of alternate realities, but the fact that she called out when this series take but takes place. I mean my assumption is it's all just after Avengers end game and I still think it's after Avengers end game. I don't think they've wedged this between Civil War and infinity War. I don't believe that's what it is, but it was intriguing to me. I mean, is there any when you hear them talking when you here or here quote like that about the in part of the mystery being or part of the fun being discovering where and when in the MCU this is do you have any idea when this would be besides or any any alternate thoughts on when this would be besides just after? Game, I took a question. I yeah, I think this is going to be probably not too long after and game. I can't think of anywhere else. It would be afterwards to be honest. I'm trying to think of a specific timeline. I would give enough time probably within like six months not quite a year, but I think within six months where I think Wanda really is she still dealing with the after-effects and it's still so fresh in her mind and of being under dusted if you will and but I think it's basically for her trying to get her her love back. That's what's going to be motivating her. And so it has to be I think within a reasonable amount of time. That's why I'd say about six months. I you could do a year to but I feel like the closer it is to end game the more real the emotion is of that makes any sense. Yeah. I mean, I don't exactly how long after end game. I'm not sure but and maybe Hole where and when this takes place wasn't really meant to be any sort of code or clue into anything because the only time periods that make sense our post and game and then in between civil war Civil War in Infinity War because maybe it could be in when vision and want to talk about stealing these moments over the past two years. This could be the moments that they stole together, but I don't think it's that. I think it really is Wanda post and game after having lost Vision in Infinity war and of course only coming back in end game. Literally moments after that because you turned to dust afterwards. I mean, I know she had some additional space, you know between the final battle and then being at Tony Stark's funeral. But yeah, I think this is post and game but it is very curious to see that and maybe I mean as far as when the series takes place, well, it doesn't all have to take place at exactly the same time and we talked about, you know, some of this maybe being set between, you know, some of this being set in you know, Wanda's childhood in sokovia, but I do think it's going to be post and game because of the tie in If for no other reason than I think it makes the most sense dramatically I think emotionally would be the most powerful and then in the overall Narrative of the MCU. It's going to be a much easier transition into Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness if this is set in the present day MCU post and game so I think that's what's going to happen, but I can't wait to see this series. I am so excited for December of this year to actually watch this series and I do think the the weekly episode model is going to make this. This I think is going to make all these Series so much fun. But with Wanda Vision, I think this is going to be one that leaves us just probably throughout multiple episodes in this 6 episode run on multiple occasions, maybe after every episode including the sixth one. We're going to be left there scratching our heads in a good way of like what the hell did I just see in? What am I about to see next? I think this is going to be one that's going to keep us guessing for for most of its run. But I think when we find out all of these questions that we've sort of speculated about Done our best with over the course of this episode maybe some things we've touched on will be a part of it, but I'm think there's going to be plenty of other things that would be big surprises in store for us. And I just I really can't wait to see what the series is in can't wait to see more of it whenever we get a full-length trailer for some of these Disney Plus shows, but I think that's where we will go ahead and wrap up this edition of our expanding the Universe series. Hopefully you enjoyed this conversation about Juan division. We're going to talk about She-Hulk in our patreon credit scene and don't forget. We also have as part of our patreon and Discord that black panther watch party coming up on Wednesday, March 4th at 6 p.m. Pacific Time more information on all of that. Please visit patreon.com slash Marvel Studios news and also follow along with us on Instagram at Marvel Studios news or on Twitter at Marvel news cast Paul. Where can they find you can find me on Twitter at Herman 22 of two ends AKP Thug also find me the same thing on Instagram. You can also check out my podcast the saga continues and Blaster Cannon might My two Star Wars podcasts also my other podcast with our good friend Chris Cloud at the comic binge podcast. We're all on there and yeah, check out those other shows and you can find me on Twitter and Instagram at mr. Sean Gerber Shawn spelled s EA n so for Paul, I'm Sean. Thanks for listening. We'll see you next time.