New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus Out next month Daisy examines why edtech despite all its potential hasn't yet had the transformative impact on education that it's long promised a director of policy James Bowen met with Daisy to find out more. So you've got a brand new book out. What's it all about? So, yeah, we're cool teachers versus debt and it's all about education technology and it's all about the good and bad applications of technology and classroom. So I think my main argument is there are lots of really really good ways to use technology in the classroom. But unfortunately a lot of the most popular ways and a lot of the ways that being backed by Ruby companies or once on as effective. So what I try to talk about is what's the what's the evidence? What's the science behind really effective use of technology and how can we use some of those and not get drawn in some of the fads some of the pseudoscience? So it's not an antique book is not Protec book. It's just trying to look at how can technology help in what ways does it not help and I'm going to Ask you and I are going to let's talk about what teachers can do to make sure it does help. But before we do that, I'd one of the things you talk about in the book is how for decades really we've spent Millions if not billions, perhaps have pounced on technology in schools. And actually it's hard to find evidence of it having a huge impact and I use the phrase you say something about there's been no appreciable improvements in educational achievement as a result of Technology. Why do you think that is despite all that money that's been spent so that is a great. Questions and that is one of the questions I set out to answer that there really has been investment in this and in certain jurisdictions at certain times really heavy investment. And one of the ones I talk about is when I started teaching them big big investment of interactive whiteboards and none of it seems to really make a dent in achievement levels. And so why is that and my fundamental reason is a lot of it is brought in without any understanding of The science of learning without any understanding of it of how children learn of how humans learn how humans think and how the technology is going to support that. So in there are plenty of cases where I see the technology being boring and I think it'd be actively damaging it's going to actively make it harder for us to learn and I talked about those in the book too. So I think ultimately that's it and I think you can't eliminate the fact from this a lot of the decision-making about what to buy and what to spend is often driven by big tech companies who Probably more interesting getting their products into classrooms and are not thinking as much about what it actually takes to make those products work for for students and despite if you like the the disappointments we've had is it fair to say I got the sense you still remain quite optimistic that technology can have a positive impact even if we haven't really seen the benefits it so far. Yeah. I know that's very true. I am and I wanted to write this because I think one of the things I think is because there have been so many repeated failures of Of technology. I think there are a lot of teachers like forget it. I'm not interested and I understand that because there have been some rumors and I catalog some of the worst ones in the book but one of the reasons why the very same look don't give up. There are things that can work here. There are good ways of doing this and I would say that I work for an organization we use technology to do assessment better and there are things technology can do that. Even the very best teacher with the most time in the world can't achieve so I am definitely still pro-technology. I think there are good ways. You can you can use it and I think it would be nice if those those good ways got as much a hearing as some of the ways that less effective and are there particular mistakes in the past? You think we can learn from? Yeah. So the classic one, which a lot of people most people will accept in admit now, he's just splurging on hardware and that's the real classic one. And I think Bill Gates himself has said that you know, just just giving kids devices is not a great idea. You can look at the one laptop per child initiative which aim to get all the children developing companies. Countries online and get them hooked up with a cheap laptop again, you know, very negligible impacts on achieved moment. You can see ones in in in developed countries to getting tablets getting devices just throwing hard work. The problem is not the answer. So if there's one big thing to take away its that and then you've got to think about you know, what is it you want to achieve? What do you want to do with the technology? I talked about a couple of things I think are really really positive. One of the things I talk about that I think is really positive very hard to do without technology at all. Bit about spaced repetition and how you can get spaced repetition algorithms to help you learn learn things and remember them. So that sounds a bit fancy. It really isn't if you want to learn a set of vocabulary in foreign language, if you want to learn some historical dates, if you've got just a set of things you need to remember then traditional way, you know, you might have used flash cards, you put the flash cards effectively into a flash card app and Are presented to you using a spaced repetition algorithm? The algorithm can work out the best way to present those flashcards to you. It will present them at the ideal moment for you to learn them which is essentially when you're just about to forget it and it will give you more practice on the ones you're weaker with and not not as much practice with the ones that you're stronger on. So little things like that which in some ways sound quite simple those kind of things have a huge impact. So for me, it's about thinking what are the what's the kind of you know, what's the software one? Programs you want to run on the hardware rather than just splurging on the hardware and saying that that's going to solve all our problems. So if you're a teacher or a school leader and you're thinking and I really want to embrace technology in the classroom really see that as a part of our strategy are there certain sort of principles. You think people should have in mind when starting on that. I mean, I know people really have technology in schools. Yeah, there's an underlying principles that people should be considering when you're definitely so when I talk about as I say, you know think about don't splurge. Oh John the hardware think about what you want to achieve. What's the the actual you know, one of the software you're going to be using? So what programs you want to be using? So that's one principle. The other one I talked about is what ratio assuming you are going to need devices at some point. What ratio do you need? So there's a lot of talk about needing one to one and actually the ratio in the UK and a lot of other companies it country is very high. Most schools do have quite a quite a number of devices per pupil. Maybe not quite one to one. But but but maybe not far off it and my point would be do you need that? Actually for what you're trying to achieve is that necessary. So I don't think you need to start with the Assumption or we need a tablet for everyone. You need to be thinking about. What is it? We want to achieve and then how much do we need? I talked about how if you're using it for you know, the kind of flashcard apps are spaced repetition. Probably 20 30 minutes a day per child is good. And so in that case the you need does everyone need a tablet. I also think really important to think about the kind of device if you're thinking about the tablet or the computer the computer or laptop, I think We still a role for like for a desktop or a laptop. I think the idea that everything's got to be a tablet. I think you've got to remember as well tablets are harder to type on. So if you do want students to be inputting a lot of writing whatever that's that's that's tricky with it with a tablet. So I think you want to think about about those questions. And as I say them thinking particular about the software and I talked about a lot of the programs that I like. I have a checklist at the end of the book where I talk about if you're evaluating any new Ed Tech products, what should you be looking at what the things to be to be thinking about? Out and one of the things I talk about is when they're all you know, they're all sort of I think things that I hope people find helpful, but one of the things I talked about is is it asking you to does this program does it does it say you can don't worry about memory don't worry about remembering things because you can always look it up or is it actively finding a way to help students remember things and that for me is a real fault line between if you like good Tech bad take that. I think a lot of a lot of a lot of the software out there is saying that you know, so you know the worry about I'm doing things because you can look it up on Google and my argument is actually a most of the best Ed Tech products are not doing that. They're actually saying you need to know these things. You need them in long term memory. You can't Outsource them to Google because you're using the facts to think with so you're going to need to find a way of remembering them. So the really good edtech is saying let's find a way of making the memorization as fun as efficient as effective as possible. So look something like times tables rock stars is a great example of that. I feel like there are people out there who would say don't need To know time-savers anymore can use look them up. That's not the case. You need the time tables in long-term memory to be able to tackle more complex math problems. We've only got limited working memory when you're facing a math problem. You always having to stop to what look up the times tables. You're not going to get very far your working memory is overloaded by the time you get to the end of the problem. You forgot where you where the beginning so time-savers rock star is saying you do need those times tables facts in also memory. Let's make it really fun. Let's make it engaging. Let's make it as interesting as possible. You know, there is a bit of gamification to it. Sure I think is fun, you know to make it interesting. So for me that's another fault line between the good use of technology and the less code uses. I know I want to explore this thing about looking it up and Googling a bit more is on my list of things to talk to you about and it's come up now. So I think most people would see that with the math side of things that except let you know. Actually you need to know your times tables in terms of your fluency to apply that to more complex problems. I think in maths that almost At the most it seems instinctively. Correct. I suppose the challenge is a bit more if we talk about a subject like history, for example, where someone might say well look, you know actually children don't need to memorize the Battle of Hastings was in 1066 because that kind of thing a there's so much to remember and be look everyone's going to have a pocket device so I can Google that and I can find that kind of thing out within seconds. So why why is it important for children to I know is showing a little bit from the Ed Tech, but I think this is it is link this thing about Remembering factual information and facts because you're quite strong, you know, you clear that it's important still. Yeah, absolutely. So now I think you do raised a very important point that distinction between math and everything else and I think you're right to raise actually, so I think there's probably a lot of things people except in maths and then think that really for everything else and I think that manifest itself in the Ed Tech World in that a lot of the really good really effective Ed Tech products are nice ones and a lot of the ones I talked about. I had to kind of, you know, really search often to find things outside of us a maths and foreign languages of the Two that are really probably have the best the best things going for them. And I think that's because probably amassing for languages and I say this in the book, we accept more that there is just a body of knowledge. You have to learn and you just do have to memorize it and it has to be fairly fluent with it. And also there's not too much debate or dispute about what that knowledge should be. Most people generally happy. Okay, you want to learn a foreign language a bit of learn the vocabulary. You want to learn the maps. You better learn your times tables you absolutely right that when you push in subjects like a literature history the humanities it gets more complicated. Up to talk about this in the book go but what you need you still need in those subjects and basically any skill you want to acquire if you break it down. You can see it's composed of sub skills and of knowledge. I think the challenge is in subjects, like history and Humanities would probably have less research than in maths and foreign languages about what those component parts are and how we should be there teaching them. But if we take history as an example, I think it is still very important to know the dates and I think the reason why it's important to know the dates is that Dates are giving you is a framework to think about history. So if you've got if you've got an understanding, if you say, you know, read a book that gives you an understanding the broad sweep of history and you've also then memorized some key dates about the broader question when things happen what that means is when you're reading other things or you're learning about other things. If someone mentions the 14th century or the Industrial Revolution, you've got hooks to hang it on. So having that Baseline of knowledge is helping you to make sense of everything else. So it's really easy to denigrate like the memorization of dates but memorizing and enough of them and some key ones as I say give you that that framework it gives you an understanding but lets you put other things into context. So I think we often talk about, you know, people to work chronological awareness of being important and for me what underlies chronological awareness is knowing some dates and as I say, I think when you look at A lot of complex skills and what are the complex things you want to achieve in history? We want our students to be able to write good analytical essays where they're really understanding the motivations of historical actors their understanding the big forces that are operating that it's hard to do that without an understanding of when things happening the chronology of things happening. Also what the broadest of knowledge gives you is just the ability to make comparisons across different areas different times. That's something that allows you to do. Deepen your understanding to and you cannot Outsource that to the cloud because I mean I think about a couple of reasons why you can't Outsource this kind of information to the cloud. So one is you're using the working memory and working memory is a very limited and it easily overwhelmed. So imagine this in the simplest sense of trying to read trying to read a novel where you don't understand every fifth word. Now look you didn't need the internet to be able to look up the words you do that, you know years ago a dictionary But whatever resource you use if you are stopping every fifth word to look at word up. Not only is that not a very pleasant experience not only is that quite demotivating but you also have limited working memory capacity left over to do the really interesting things which we want our students to do like reading between the lines making inferences about what the author is trying to achieve maybe spotting the office bias. If you are stuck at the level of I'm seeing the phrase Industrial Revolution or 14th century, and I just have nothing I've No idea what that means and I have to go look it up all the time. Your working memory is quickly overwhelmed you going to lose understanding the piece you're not be able to do any of those complex higher water thoughts that we want. So yes, you can look things up. The Paradox is you need the knowledge to be able to look it up. If you're looking things up all the time, you lose the ability to really dig into some of those deeper skills. There's I think as adults we look things up successfully because we have a lot of knowledge to begin with is that that's all I need to know. What to Google to find the new so then once I've done the search in order to make sense of what I need some underlying knowledge to know what questions to ask and then together absolutely absolutely so in the chapter on just looking up I give a couple of separate reasons why you need to look it up why you can't why you can't look it up. You can't just rely on that and one is the overwhelming working memory and the other is you know, you need to know something to know about the topic to know what to search for and to be able to interpret what you get back and that's true of of traditional reference sources that's not just true of online sources. So one of the best studies on this was done back in the late 80s with dictionaries and the the researchers gave a bunch of eight-year-olds a bunch of words. I didn't know said look these words up in a dictionary use them in a sentence now, they all knew technically how to use a dictionary. So they all look the words up correctly and found the definition. They didn't know what the words in the definition men. So the Courtney kind of loop but what do you mean to do look up all the words in that definition where you go and they end up writing sentences that Really make sense. So sentences like, you know, I was meticulous about falling off the cliff, you know, I relegated my pen pals letter to her house because they looking up words like relegated in meticulous. They're finding bits in the definition and just trying to Cobble together some some meaning of it that doesn't doesn't really work. So the problem is but for adults dictionaries a great like I'm not knocking dictionaries dick. She's a fantastic invention in the same way that the internet and Google searches are a fantastic invention, but it isn't just about the technical knowledge of how to construct a search or how the alphabetical principal work. It's about having some understanding of what it is. You're looking up when you find a definition and there's one sense in which you know, actually then online reference sources actually can be worse than print reference sources and that is in the way that online reference sources can often adapt themselves to your misconceptions. So I would say all reference sources are actually not that great away for novices to learn but online reference sources. We're Rising literally in the last few years can be particularly dangerous. So there's a literature for example research that should have developing on the role of YouTube in the Resurgence of Flat Earth theory so and if you know this but Flat Earth theory has made a real Resurgence in the last few years. There's a big community of people, you know, lots of in America lots of them around, you know, putting out lots of YouTube videos about Flat Earth. And what is the problem with this will look imagine you get a student and you send them off to do some research on on on the Earth and the Earth and the Sun and the relationship to each other and you get in to do some science research online the if you got them to do it with a print reference source, if there are a novice it's entirely possible print reference source, they might get the wrong end of the stick. They might not understand it. But if you get them to do it online, not only is it the same problem that will get the wrong on the sick. They might understand it cause I haven't got the background knowledge to make sense of it. The problem is that they would develop a misconception and then because of the way that a lot of online algorithms work. All of the things that they read about it going forward are adapting themselves to their misconception. So this is one of the things a lot of these research the found about YouTube that you can start off with quite a mainstream video on YouTube and its algorithm essentially gets more and more sensationalist. And so they've done these things politically where you can start with a mainstream liberal or mainstream conservative video and then 10 videos in your in a conspiracy theories and the stomach similar with the Flat Earth that you start off with perhaps something quite mainstream and you end up in the fringes. Of the internet and you know some guys basement about how you know, it's done theory of the earth. And so I think that's a problem which we are probably only just starting to see and that's something I worry about that. If we are just saying you can always just look it up. It isn't just that there's a lot of misinformation online sure. There's a lot of misinformation, you know not online. It's that there's lots of ways in which algorithms are being set up to reinforce your misconceptions to Reinforce these ideas that you know, once you've watched one video you're going to be bombarded with 10 others like it in a way that that child who had the wrong in wrong meaning about meticulous. They're not going to be followed up with 10 more sentences that are all going to reinforce their misunderstanding of the word meticulous the were relegated. So I think that's something about looking it up, which is another reason to be wary of a new a reason. So I've written quite a lot about the problems of looking up in the past, but this is a newer reason as I say that I think we're only just starting to see some of the impact of and I want to bring us back in A moment to talk about the classroom again about the kind of principles, but I want to just explore a little bit further. We took our you mentioned there about the kind of the knowledge skills thing and I know you've written about this a lot in the past and perhaps we're wondering a little bit away from Tech, but I think it's interesting and it's worth talking about because one of the things you say in the book is about being wary about talking about a balance between Knowledge and Skills and that was interesting for me because I often do that. I have to say well, you know is about a balance. It's not one or the other but you say you think it's we'd better off thinking in terms of knowledge as All three to skill practicing just a little bit more about what you meant by that. Yeah. So this was a bit of a book. Actually. I really enjoy writing and I was a very keen on writing it because I think like you II agree that Knowledge and Skills. I think what we both going to see those are both important. You see what I mean? So when we talk about a balance off and I think what we're trying to Signal his we think they both matter but I think the balance metaphors unhelpful and I think the balance metaphors unhelpful and I have a diagram in the book where I think sometimes we think of Knowledge and Skills as a pendulum and we think oh, you know, Maybe 10 15 20 years ago the pendulum tip too far towards skills. And so it does need to be brought back a little bit. But let's not make sure it tips too far towards knowledge. You know, let's find the happy medium from and I respect the kind of I didn't plan that why it's an unhelpful metaphor is a kind of think. It just assumes will if we do a little bit of knowledge and a little bit of skills will get to the right point and my point is that knowledge is not opposed to skills knowledge is the pathway to skill. It is through acquiring knowledge. More and more knowledge in deeper ways that we acquire skill. So it's what I was saying a bit before about history. How do we acquire the skill of writing an analytical essay? How do we acquire the skill of solving a complex math problem? How do we acquire the skill of reading? We're in a lot of Clays when you decompose it when you break it down into its constituent Parts, it involves knowledge involved knowledge of words knowledge of times tables knowledge of historical dates and isn't just that, you know, the knowledge compounds and builds up and gets more complex, but that when you Get that is a large part of it. And so I think the risk when you talk about Knowledge and Skills have been opposition to each other is you end up with some some kind of bad practice teaching knowledge and bad practice teaching skills and you end up with kind of half-and-half. And so I think you know one of the examples I use it much worse in in the book I talk about essentially it becomes well, we'll have a 20-minute lecture and that's our knowledge and then we'll have a 20-minute independent project and that's our skills. And my point is I don't think either of those are great. I think the Not great practice. So whereas if I think you conceptualize knowledge of the pathway to skill. I think you get something much more interesting, which is probably you can quit direct instruction, but maybe nice away phrasing it is whole class interactive teaching. So if I just take those two extremes, I think lectures and independent projects are both in a not not not great. And for me, the whole class interactive teaching is a much better model and that's something that I think when you conceptualize knowledge as a pathway to skill, you're much more likely to come across and the idea of whole class Interactive. Teaching is yes, it is teacher-led but it's not about masses of teacher talk because the problem with the lecture model and maybe the caricature of the traditional knowledge model is you know, what lectures are confusing and they are overwhelming and you do have to make hooks with background knowledge. And if you're talking at people for 20 minutes, you're not getting feedback on necessarily how well their understanding things the problem ironically with independent projects, which are claimed to be all about skills based learning is ironically really similar problem that there's too This too much Independence is not enough structure and you don't know again where students are getting the misconceptions and they getting things wrong whole class interactive teaching is teacher-led. It's very structured but there's enormous amounts of response from the students and in some of the cases, you know, it's the students every five or ten seconds. There's something I have to do or act on to put into action what they're getting from the teacher. So I think as I say that balance metaphor, I understand why people do it, but I'm not sure it's that helpful. I think what we need. Is to totally kind of reconfigure our understanding of what a skill is and you know the other example, I also talked about a lot of about a lot of examples in sports and football is that if you were teaching students how to play football. You definitely wouldn't say. Well, you know, I'll lecture you about it when read a book about it. And that's enough you do have to be doing stuff. But neither would you say let's just plain 11 aside match. That would be a problem too because there's not enough structure. There's not enough guidance you're practicing it to higher level. You're not practicing the fundamental skills. You need like passing the ball. So I think again you can look at it in a lot of walks of life, you know trying to break it down between knowledge and And skills and thinking that there's a balance between the two isn't helpful. If we instead start with the skill. We want our students to have and then think what are the building blocks of that? Skill? What do those building blocks look like? How do they acquire those? What is the best way of teaching those that's the more effective efficient and how would you respond so that these people who say look these big multinational companies now who recruit graduates? What do they say? They're looking for they say they're looking for critical thinking and problem solving they design recruitment tools which apparently test candidates ability. To think critically and they'll say that we don't we're not looking for people who can tell us when the second well, we don't really worry about that stuff. We want these big generic skills and people say well the big employers are recruiting. So why aren't we it's re-education focusing on that stuff. So this yeah really interesting and I have a section in the book about jobs of the future and what does this mean for the economy? So I think what you're saying their first of all, I think we need to distinguish between different functions of education. So I think one really important function of education is to prepare students for a job preparing for the economy. Me and also, let's part that that's one thing but I don't think that is the whole purpose and I don't think that has ever been the whole purpose and I think what's really interesting is that societies that have been much much poorer than ours have almost paid more attention to the non economic aspects of education and the aspects of it that are about building character and developing you as a citizen and developing you as an adult who will be able to flourish and be happy and I think we've all the discussion we're seeing about mental health. I think we realize that that is important to we can't just be about preparation for that. So I feel Got overlapping but relatively distinct purposes of Education, which I might just broadly say, you know to be productive, you know have a job and be a productive economic, you know contribute to society to be a kind of a good citizen contribute democratically, and I'm not just as an economically and to be a flourishing and happy adult. You know, I think they overlap like they're not send a completely distinct but those purposes so if we do just zoom in so so when you talk about, you know don't need to know about the second one you have a job. Well, yeah, probably, you know, you probably don't Own but does that mean we shouldn't learn about the second world war? You know II always a very potent part of those other two parts, but just to zoom in on then on being a productive. You know, what we need to be at to do productive in the economy in to be successful at jobs. So I think there's an interesting thing here between what employers say and then what they do and if we look at what and then it's also interesting to look at the evidence on what what are the skills that are really valuable in the job market. So enormous amount of evidence that the skills that are really valuable in the job market today A literacy numeracy. Now you might say well isn't that interesting? Really basic will know because obviously there is a level of literacy numeracy the basic level and that's for economically valuable. But the research also shows that higher levels of literacy numeracy really valuable to it's fascinating stuff about the one a-level subjects, which seems to really absolutely lead to higher earnings not just because of the kind of qualification that you have but genuinely the skills of doing it lead to higher earnings is maths. Okay, so I think if we're looking to prepare students wealthy economy, and we want to look at the evidence and actually what employers are doing and what the data says. Rather than necessarily what employers are always saying I think we want to look at literacy and numeracy. I think those are huge and I think there's huge gains to be had. There's a real interesting Economist Eric Hannah Scheck where he's modeled out the implications of improving societies average scores on the Pisa International Pisa tests in literacy numeracy and both for the individual and societies lead to enormous games yet has led to gains in the past would lead to gains in the future. So I would say those are important to come back to your point one more. What about you know, okay, maybe we do need this for numeracy, but don't many critical thinking collaboration. In problem solving to so yeah, I agree. You do need to be able to think critically and solve problems. I think again, it just comes back to what I'm saying is what sits underneath critical thinking and problem solving and to what extent are they domain specific skills. So one of the favorite papers are reading this it talks about creativity and it's a great paper. It's called a could Steven Spielberg of manage the Yankees. So it's a great paper about to what extent is creativity domain domain specific to what extent is a transferable skill and it makes a really interesting point that look in everyday life. Of course we talked about About people as being creative and we talked about being that of be a critical things of course and that's acceptable to do in everyday life. But often when we talk about it in our minds, we've got some kind of specific domain or that we're thinking about so when we talk about Steven Spielberg, so creative we're thinking of him as a creative filmmaker and his point is could Steven Spielberg have been a creative manager of a baseball team and he concludes probably not and I think when we think about critical thinking and problem solving in that light, it's really interesting to think about well in your own life think of an area in which you are a good critical. Can you think of an area in which you're pretty good at solving problems? Do you think you are good at solving problems and clean every other area you can think of you know, if you drop you in something else. So, you know you think of a history Professor is probably very good at maybe in analyzing historical sources doesn't mean they're very good at thinking critically about and eye problems in their own marriage, you know, I don't know like maybe they are white but we can all think of people who are very good at thinking critically in one area doesn't necessarily transfer to another and the reason for that is that those skills are often when you dig into it demand dependent on domain-specific knowledge. So in the case of Spielberg real understanding of a lot of the technical aspects of filmmaking the case of the historian a real understanding of the sources of the historical era that they're dealing with, you know, mathematician again, the understanding of the math problem so and you can extend this even into things like reading like we think of reading as being the absolute ultimate General skill and in some ways it is important once you've got the ability to link the words in the letters and the sounds They make that is really important. But I'd like to think myself as a good reader. I've got a degree in English literature, but am I if you gave me an unseen poem, you know, I'm pretty good at having a stab at like knowing what that means and coming up with more interesting to say about it. If you give me a photocopy Emmanuel am I as good a reader do I have all of that background knowledge about photocopying to really understand what it says. So even something like reading is really dependent on background knowledge. So I do think things like critical thinking elaboration problem solving important. I think when employees talk about them, they are actually talking about them and more specific context and than his obvious sometimes immediately away. We could talk about philosophy right occasion growls now as couldn't wait to buy I'm gonna bring us back. I'm going to bring us right back to the classroom. Now, I think it's important and pick up some of the points you talked about in your book, which really interesting one of the things you talk about is I think a danger with technology that teachers need to be really aware of is is the technology supporting the learning or is it? Coming a distraction and you took about that example, you know of people's going off and doing a PowerPoint on a given topic and actually what they're thinking about what they're focusing on is the interesting animations and making things swoosh in and out and they're not really thinking about the learning the teacher thought they would think about doing is it does we talked about how technology can be a distraction if you think about it carefully? Yeah, absolutely. So the think this is chapter 5 in the book and it was in lots of ways like my favorite chapter 2, right and I think it's the chapter that the things I talked about and it will be I think they'll be really more relevant in the coming years and it's basically all about attention attention and distraction and I think this is the big issue going forward not just for children in the classroom, but for adults and I think actually a lot of political debates in the in the next few years are going to be about about this fundamental about this issue. So what I talk about is how attention is the currency of learning in order to learn something you have to pay attention to it and attention in the in the wider economy and Society is kind of its in demand as never before And you can tell this because advertisers are essentially dealing attention the cost of essentially getting a you know, a millisecond of you know, people's eyeballs for a second has gone up and up and up over the last 20 years. And the reason gone up is because there's been huge demand. There's much more demand for attention and there's so much if you like there's so much free information free content out there that we can choose to pay attention to so I quote in this chapter Herbert Simon who's an economist And kind of information fairies from the 1970s and way back in the 1970s. He was saying information is becoming free, you know, it's becoming cheap if not free and what happens when it's a good becomes free. Well, the thing that it consumes becomes expensive. So what you've seen over the last 20 30 40 years is information getting more more free know the number of things and going to the internet and read for free what happens then it's information consumes attention. So it's a tension that becomes expensive and it's a tension that becomes scarce and the problem with attention as a commodity. He is limited its are working memories. There's a leader, you know manufacturing more of it. So all of our attention is under siege and the other issue we've got is that two of the biggest internet companies Facebook and Google their business models are built around advertising. So their business models are built around grabbing your attention. And that is a problem for Education because education is also about attention and it's about paying attention. What do you choose to pay attention to and so in the chapter? I have an attention. I look at the ways. in which A lot of devices are degrading our attention a stealing our attention and the way that a lot of the apps and products and device in devices that you know that to put it on the devices are designed to grab your attention. And there's that line isn't there if the product is free, you're the product when you're reading news for free on the internet. Is it really free? No, it's your attention to being sold to advertisers. That's what doing it. So it's not that I'm against advertising or think advertising isn't inherently bad. It's not the case at all. It's the point. That the in order to get your attention advertisers internet platforms are using more and more aggressive tactics. So the number of notifications a number of pings on a phone. The number of ways apps are set up to be sticky to reduce friction to make you want to use them at all times and you can see it with something like Snapchat the Snapchat streak where you've seen all these things about kids are building up streaks on Snapchat and then if they are going away for a school trip for the weekend there so I can I leave my phone at home or lose my Snapchat streak. I also talked about how is it that these tactics are they are they bad per se but they just always bad or if we turn them to use for lens. Is that is that okay? So Duolingo have a streak Duolingo streak during early language learning app. They also will monitor how many days you log in and they'll say, you know, try and keep logging in and if you get to, you know certain number of days you get a badge and what's interesting is the Snapchat streak. They've been questions often Parliament about it. This is it ethical. Ethical to be hooking in students to be just logging in to talk to a friend and it's been run by this kind of quite remote company with Duolingo. Nobody ever seems to worry about that because it seems like what it's aimed at something like a good end. So I think it's interesting. I'm not that I'm saying these tactics some of them and not necessarily intrinsically good or bad. It's about how they're being deployed, but the fundamental point is that These tactics are being deployed. Our attention is kind of Under Siege and mobile phones are set up in a sense to be grabbing your attention. The defaults on a lot of them are to have lots of notifications you download an app and the default is for it to be having lots of lots of things that are constantly interrupting you and as I say, is that what we want is that what we want in the classroom. Is that going to promote learning? So I've been we have to think really carefully About how these devices are set up about how they're being used. One of the attractions of the multi-purpose device like a phone or a tablet is that you can do anything on it the risk is if you do anything on it you end up doing nothing because you're constantly constantly getting interrupted. So I think that's something not just for children, but for adults over the next few years is going to be a big issue. And as I said, I think it's gonna be a big issue about political regulation because I think people talk a lot about how Facebook and Google are seeing your data. I think you know, that's true, but Some ways why do they want the data they want to take because they want your attention actually, the more fundamental thing thereafter isn't your data is your attention? It's the attention that the advertisers are paying for. Then lots of ways of data is bitch is just being used as a mechanism to more finely honed who you target to get people's attention. So I know we've got to think about that and I think you've got to think about the ethical issues of introducing, you know big if you like advertising industrial complexes into the classroom a really young age. I think you've got a got to think about what are the motivations behind some of these websites. That's what are the algorithms are using and they just being set up to be more more sensationalist. I got into reading a lot of stuff by Tech ethicists. So there's a lot of big movement now actually we've been Silicon Valley of tech ethics and what's really interesting is the people who are doing this. They're not luddites. They're not like crusty old people who hate modern technology. What's really striking is how many of these guys have worked for big tech companies and have been come, you know, really quite unhappy with the results of some of the things I've done. So one of the ones whose most interest and Harris he used to work for Google. He's Now launch the time well spent movement, which is all about, you know, thinking more intentionally about how you're using your time. And one of the things he talks about is so many of the incentives on apps he calls it a race to the bottom of the brain stem because it's always the more Sensational the more dramatic the more outrageous and you can see that on social media, right? What are the things that get promoted? I talk about be flattered. What are the videos that get promote the get people's attention and it's that when you're in that moment it's that I love that phrase the race to the bottom of the brainstem. You know, it's that Sensational thing and the YouTube Side Bar that you're going to click on but actually if you step back and thought about it. Do you really want to be spending your time like that? You know, if you were giving it some some some concrete for is that how you'll be choosing to spend your time? And I think we have to think about that with children to who maybe have them, you know, is that how we want them to be spending their time? And I guess one obvious response is well, this is exactly the role of schools. Isn't that the you know, we teach we should be teaching children about this stuff. We should be teaching them about if you'd like impulse control and maintaining attention. My question is how realistic is that? So we've got these companies who are multi-billion companies who can invest huge amounts of money into developing ways to get your attention to keep you on their site and now here we are as two grown adults and I'm happy to say I get distracted by the red thing popping up on Twitter and it gets sucked into you've enjoyed that YouTube video. You may enjoy this one except Etc so how realistic is really interesting is it that we can teach children and young people if you like to be able to win this war against the companies who has yeah, he's in very same absolute. I think that's a really good point. I think that's when you hear a lot of people talk about will look we don't need to ban devices in schools. We don't need to ban technology. We need to manage it and I think in principle, I do agree. We have to manage manage it because I do agree that you know, you can't set up school. If you like as an environment that has no link to the outside world. The fact is in the real world. Devices are being used. So I accept that point that is school can't be hermetically sealed environment cut off from The Real World. I do think however that in some ways what a lot of people in the real world are realizing is that in order to manage these devices? Maybe you do have to be a bit more aggressive. So I think you're absolutely right to say that if grown adults get sucked into some of these spirals of YouTube video clicking. It is unrealistic to expect children to be able to We Can't rely on just self-discipline. And I think it's actually quite cruel to say, you know, if you get sucked into a YouTube spiral is just not self disciplined enough to your own problem. You need better tactics to manage it. I think that's quite unfair to say to an adult and I think it's incredibly unfair to say to a 14 year old. I think what you have to do is create an environment in which those Temptations are not there and we see this in other walks of life right people say if you wanna go on a diet, like don't don't torment Yourself by having a batch of chocolate-chip cookies sitting in the kitchen, you know, clear the food out. So you're not Tempted so I think what worries me is so much of the debate about how we teach students to manage devices becomes very moralistic. It's all about a student having to resist temptation and what I'm saying is you're never going to resistance and because these guys have got Banks of data, they've got Oodles of money. They've got some of the smartest brains in the world and their task is to get you to click on something and you know, they it's an unequal fight. So getting children to eat healthier. Exactly exactly. It's like to know kids are eat healthier while surrounding everything they see we've just just just chocolate. It's not a shock. So you think we have to be providing an environment that makes the healthy option that makes the right option a bit easier. And so that's why I think there is absolutely a role for no, you know environments with no devices. I've been asked that so where do you stay? I'm as funny as been in the news a lot recently and I recently about schools talk about having mobile phones allowing people to bring in their mobile phones and schools that ban them. Where do you stand on? Yeah. I think I'm principal. You know, I'm bad. So we'll be going with the band and I think all these things the devil is always in the detail. You want to look at look at you know, how it manifests itself, but I think what you've got to look at what is the mobile phone the modern mobile phone the modern mobile phone in lots of ways is a device for distraction. So there's a fascinating study. I saw it in the book, which is about you give students a task to do if their mobile phones in sight they do worse on the task. They'll get like a lower IQ score. So even if a mobile phone is turned off if their mobile phone is within sight. Right, it's hard of them to construct other things. Their IQ scores are got compromised. They do worse. Whereas if the phone is in another room, they can't see it. They're doing better because even just the sight of the phone is the for all the messages. You might be getting all the things that might be happening. The other things that are going on in taking part of your attention. I guess it's adults who had that moment where you set yourself a computer might be doing something and the boat Stop that let you check the football scores every five minutes. So as well as Banning phones. I also talked about other Taxi and I've seen Banning folks. I'm not saying I think just kids to do it when I wrote was writing bits of this book. I will put my phone another room. I would I would switch at the other thing. I use quite a lot as I used an app called freedom and there's a few other different versions of this but what it does is just let it sit internet blocker. So just lets you block the internet for a little bit of time so you can set it up to say right. I want 30 minutes and you can block the whole internet. You can just block certain sites, right? So So I would set it up right, you know, 45 minutes. No checking the cricket scores and then you just know you've got this 45 minutes where you're not being tempted. So this is something as I say, I do feel this place for phone band and not just for kids I think for a time so I'm not being you know incentive for critical here. Like I've been on the phone myself my own life and I think you know explaining to I think actually the other thing I find is when you explain to students about Advertising and the internet economy. I think that does cut through and I think they're much more understanding of oh, yeah, hang on a minute. Like it's not just about me keeping in touch with my mates. It's not just about me posting some cool photos. There is something else going on above this and I think when you explain that I think students often like when you realize there is an element of manipulation there that does tend to cut through I think on its own that isn't enough but I think that helps them to realize like why it is important to to Give yourself time without a phone without device or without that one that is connected to the internet. It sounds a bit like we're getting a bit anti-tech here. And I'm your book very much isn't and E-Tec. I suppose it was always searching for what's than what's the next big thing in Ed Tech, you know, what's going to be the thing that really makes the difference and one of the things I'm you talked about quite positively in the book is this idea of adaptive learning and how technology can kind of support adaptive learning. Is that the Next big thing. Is it already here? And what is it more importantly so I think adaptive learning. Yeah, I think it is really interesting and I think there's a huge potential for it. It's not in some ways that new people been talking about it since the late 60s they call it intelligent tutoring systems and the idea behind apptivity is just you're trying to respond to a student, you know adapt to their needs in the way that a good teacher would so if you're thinking a student is doing a math problem and they get the first step wrong a good You might go. Oh, hang on a minute just have a little look at that, you know, just direct their attention to the step. They've got wrong and might prompt them a little bit more to say. Okay, you know, let's just start. Let's go back. Let's think what did we do last week on this the idea of adaptive algorithms is to try and do that something similar. So again, if a student is on the computer solving a math problem, they put in the first step wrong. It might give them a Hint it might direct them to look up last week's lesson. It might then just be very blunt and say look, this is what you should have bought, you know might go through a series of hints. That's ultimately what adaptive systems. See that's the kind of thing that they're doing and they can be you can they vary from the pretty simple to the incredibly complex? So the really complex ones have kind of got billions of different pathways through content. So, you know, you can almost imagine the whole of maths as like, you know series of nodes and of questions and of topics and every student starts with the same question and depending on whether they get it right or wrong or essentially navigating their own unique personalized pathway for the entire curriculum. Yeah, right. Um, so where is you know, something simpler is ones that maybe just have a few options that will if you put this on sir have a look at this this this worksheet you had looked at if you have if you put this on so look at this fact sheet, whatever the other interesting thing around them is they can also probably calibrate the amount of practice you need your strengths and weaknesses. So I talked before about spaced repetition algorithms. So the idea that you've got a hundred French French French words, you need to learn everyone will have a slightly different. Don't you no need for spending a bit more time on some than others. So the algorithm is adapting to you. It's saying, you know, you've got this word wrong three times in the past week. So that's why you need to work on you've got this one right every single time. So we'll cut down on the amount of times you're practicing that they can also sort of dish up the questions just the right moment again based on the idea of where is the forgetting curve so you don't want to be cramming if you've got a hundred French words to learn. You don't want to study them all. A hundred times in one day you're better off spacing out at practice and the algorithms will present that's you in the right way. So I think the are the potential for adaptive adaptive systems spaced repetition. Algorithms is really powerful. I think they do depend though on the content being broken down and the content being mapped out. So as I say in the case of a lot of the adaptive systems, they've gotten from a source of gone for four languages. In other subjects in some ways, we just less clear about what the the content how it should be broken down and you can also distinguish some adaptive systems come with the content pre-loaded others. Let you add your own content. So in a sense that's the you know, their strengths and weaknesses of both approaches and I talked about those in my book and a lot of it if you're a teacher and you want to use one of these things it will come down to how much capacity you have and the age-old question will we ever get to a stage? Where technology weights? Well, you just explaining where you have an entire personalized curriculum that based on your misconceptions and the answer you get correct. It takes on a pathway. You could potentially have an entire math curriculum and no need for a teacher ever physically be present in the room. Will we ever get to that stage where we don't need physical teachers and yeah, so that's a great question and one that I thought about a lot and it is in the end all just speculation. I do have a chapter I talked about this on balance. My argument is a I don't think he will I think there'll always be a need for a human and I think there's a couple of ways that I think one is there's an extent to which humans often particularly young children embody a subject and embody learning and I think one of the big debates about all of these things that you is we're not brains in a jar, you know, we are human beings with human bodies and there's all kinds of interesting research so much. I signed a book about young children if you play if you play human voice on a They screen the humans on the TV screen talking and you have some eighteen-month-old listening to it. They won't they won't pay attention. If you have the same adult in person saying the same things the 18-month old will turn around and pay attention. So there does seem to be something around the physicality of a human being, you know in the room is important and I think that a lot of the the the really optimistic talk about online courses I think it's often done by some in the stats that you're on this it's done by kind of very well. What motivated very smart sort of late 20 something off of men who have been very successful in the education system and a very well motivated and if you look at kind of the big University online courses, they're often doing those and do more of them and I'm not gonna not those I think that's amazing. And again, you know, the the amount of free education out there that is really high quality is impressive. Is that the same as teaching a seven-year-old to read Like it's different. So I think you are going to need humans and there is something as I say about humans embodying learning embodying the subject which we can't forget and I think if you push down this road, you do get into a slightly dystopic future where you have a, you know children on their own at home sitting in front of a computer screen, you know, getting rewarded for points if they getting things right and not if they're getting things wrong and never know. Interacting with other with others. So, you know, I am I think you can do everything for me. It's doing a part of that and it's giving the teacher useful information and the teacher is using that information to become better at teaching the student can learn more about it can do personalization. That's very very hard for a teacher to do so, I don't think you will necessarily we will get to that point. I think you will always need both. So I think you should never want to forget that ultimately. Lee you trying to design technology for to take a technology or you trying to design it for humans each one is designed it to make our world better to make the way humans live better to make the way children learn better or you just doing it because you can do it and for me maybe the theme of the book is we want to use technology to make our lives better. Not just because we can do stuff and that seems to be the perfect place to finish. So the book is called teachers versus Tech and it's out on the 5th of March brilliant. Thank you very much, buddy, Frank James the regular and useful content on the teaching profession. It has to be the school leadership podcast leadership podcast. That's all from us for this month. We hope you enjoyed our extended interview with Daisy. Now, we always like to hear from you. So please do get in touch with us. If you have feedback or indeed ideas for future guests. We would love to hear those. You can drop us a line at this email address policy at neht dot org dot U k-- policy and neht. Dot org dot U k-- don't forget you can subscribe to all our podcasts on Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcast. If you like what you heard this month, please leave us a review and let us know NH T is a professional association and Union for schools leaders nht Edge is the part of our association aimed specifically at aspirational middle leaders to discover more about the benefits of being an neht edge all nht member go online to any HT H dot org dot U k-- /join or www dot any HT dot org dot U k-- /join, you can follow us on Twitter account are at naht Edge and at neht news.