Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite.That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.Tell him I've been doing I happen to love my me personally. I've been good while I just before set up at the crib studying. Well, I exam season. I'm the last almost done guys as exam s is that and or you're not those type of guys nah, man. All right, just ask him. Anyways. Yeah personally personally. I just came off some couple exams. I feel like I came out of that some some dark place, but I'm back out now. I'm back out starting to see the light. I am I'm seeing the light.- the once used to say when you really think about it does that this is very bad advice. I'm still passing my classes. Yeah. The thing is that my trips and I can have someone studying a you're listening to this right now and you're studying think about it. Does that you're 70 or if it was a 92 do you think that really matters in five years fine? Let's be reallyYou open the thing you dip it inside out. Yeah. Oh my God. This guy's a real what this get their feel like you don't have access to a grimy bro. Where do you use? Well, I just put it in a pot. I put the water I put it once it's boiling. I put it there's some that comes. Oh, yeah, you're talking about the yeah go to even like the other ones. I always put it inside the thing. The only ones that I don't is to control the The ones that are like sphere those ones that actually that opposed to put in the microwave. Those are the only ones I actually do, you know what the weirdest in convene the the worst inconvenience everyone is that I went to some Javier's house. They don't own a microwave that like how bad it's not healthy. Do you not you go you want to make cereal you can warm up the milk? What'd you wanna hear? What about milk what we talked about this? Yeah War metaphor my cereal phone bro. You guys are grind with that. You guys are girls you want to eat pizza got to put in the stove. Like that's kind of weird name for a lot closer. They cannot go back pause, but I like my cereal hard man pause, but I walk a lot to is just the crunchiness Sable brushes like brought magic eating cinnamon toast crunch just hard pause. This is sick. It's so II don't know what something is like a race for me once I put the milk. I know it's time. What's the best cereal out just quick forget about this? I'll give my top three hot dogs live like it is in no particular order one. Haha. For sure. Whatever one you can either be Captain Crunch number two. What's number one? Yeah, you know. I have no milk. The gun man. Oh, yeah Honey Bunches of Oats life. Let's be real here dark-skinned the blue packet. Number two is this is a tough one lie. Can I just say mine? All right. Okay. Okay. All right up on your PC or weirdo who puts pineapple their Pizza out there. What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong? Number? Two is Captain Crunch. And my number one. I'm gonna have to agree with Hollywood Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Yeah, bro. I'm going Cinnamon Toast Crunch. I'm going honeycomb. And then I'm going to go. Well, I'm not eating Cheerios just freestyle just warmed up still trails. Look like yours. I can't that but the honey drops off quick while is exactly what I was going to say. I think it's going to be cheered Mostafa. Why does he choose number two is Honeycomb and then number three is probably quite some reason brand or Puffs is a broker. Bro, do you eat pineapple? Do you wanna see find out what do you eat peanut butter sandwich with banana inside a lot. You have never tried it, but I've tried peanut butter and honey. And that is a beggar. That's disgusting. Anyways. Yeah. Well, I hate peanut butter and honey with I don't write you know, what I do. I take that up. Oh, you guys are probably gonna think I've grabbed me but I take the peanut butter and with nothing in it, right just to bread and peanut butter. I don't know I take bits and bits and pieces and I dip it in milk and I eat it. Anyways, I'm still thinking about that cereal. Let's talk about Somalia. Let's talk about Somalia. I just want to say let's talk about what's going on. It's a lot of hassle toys out there bro, but then again, there's a lot of As a kid wrote on my boys. Just yeah Bobby. I think that's that's I can see why I like to you it might be bad. But think about it in an older since I can't imagine you have kids, you know, you would want other people in the neighborhood to make sure that your son or your daughter was doing good. Yeah, but how are they supposed to know that I'm a you problem? Excel as youths that are out here, bro. Do some climbers old. Row five knobs, I'll just thinking about a certain thing is like I'm not gonna lie to you. Like the thing is some people see it as bad. But the thing is the one thing I like about some olive oil and some and even like albums do the same thing is they take care of their Community when it comes to like whenever they see little kids. They don't even have to know the kid. I don't know where you're from. I don't know anything, but hey get out of here. Get out of here that again. I have a counter example for that. Yeah, they messed up. A lot of the Dual. Yeah. Yeah. It's like it's crazy to say I sometimes I feel like there's a lot of nice ones and there's times where I feel there's a lot of not good ones. There's a lot of things that boiled that dot and one of the biggest things I believe this tribalism. You know what I mean? He okay straight up how it is real. So if a kid is that like they don't sometimes and yeah straight up first. Why does that even matter if I arrived in Canada a glitch one time guys? Like what's your dad's name was like, oh mama don't you just grilled that me for like one minute. I thought I was like joking around with him, you know, but I was just literally saying yeah, my mom's name is Mohamed and I was like this he wanted me to like go into details, you know, the whole the whole the whole nine yards, you know, guys, huh? I was like, yeah, my name is Matty. A few use of die. They use of a it's like hey use of a be higher use of a VC and they just keep asking me keep asking me pressing me. They're trying to get to like, you know, like me I can go far probably go six months later father Abdullah be Yusuf RSA Muhammad Ali One or toss-ups Pro the one I feel like it's better for a girl I've seen Bella I see some point of views the whole thing why Somalia even now is not progressing for it is because the tribalism of course simple as that. Yeah. Well, I do like, you know, I mean, I'm not saying everyone for this a lot of good people that from both sides was a lot of more bad people. I just don't want to be one. Well, I saw okay, I mean, I feel like that's one of the biggest things that's been denying Somali to move forward. Go ahead. The most I think tribalism especially in Somalia and like around like the first of all like the people from some obviously we went direct diaspora, you know, they went to different countries, but the people original it's like so deep-rooted inside their heart, you know, I mean that they just like it's like propaganda, you know, it's all they know then they just spread it to their kids and then the kids that have no experience with anything in Canada. Just bring up the soup point I can do this. Kill everyone. Yes. Same ship role is the most deep-rooted thing man. And and it's it's actually when you really think about it for a while. We're still from the same country at least like scrap someone from another country. We're even from the same city, you know, but like one point I wanted to say it about you guys saying before about random Javier's and up to the, you know, coming around sake controlling, you know, one thing bro. I think that a lot of them have good hearts and good intentions, but they have a Quick thing of assuming too quick and all but one one time like, you know, they just said like all that kind of looks like, you know Muhammad son or this guy's son. Let me just call him up real quick. This is the funniest Latos. I was posted at home. Well, he got a phone call and somehow there was like yes Morales out drinking bro. Annabelle's posted on the side that is guys going wild. He's wild and out. I found this group in it going off in a limo role and I was a what I'm always started dying, but she hated the phone. What did he want to tell me her name? She said well, I didn't want to stitch on that. I said why not? It's a good it's a good guy or girl. I personally I probably Yeah, personally, I would probably just go to the person like depending on how old they are. You know, like if they were like in their 20s or something. I would probably like lots of sticky one. But if they were teenagers I would most likely go up to them and talk to them and I think that the thing is like at that age they'd be willing to like they would do they would allow you to talk to them. But when you get to like 20 20 something 30s broke their heated, they're gonna be like me me. I think we'll be fine. Exactly, but then when you're a teenager there the allow you to talk but I'd speak to the person and basically explain to them how their War what they're doing is wrong and how it might affect them. How am I affect our parents? Like for example smoking drinking? You know what I mean? How it'll affect them. I don't know but I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't the thing is the one thing that I kind of see that Somali people in general is they they don't they go about situations in the kind of like the wrong way. So when it comes to like for example, if you see someone doing something it's like hey that's wrong, but they won't explain to them why it's wrong and the inner seam in public and public to and not only that but at the same time, it's just like sometimes when you're when you're trying to get someone to stop doing things you got to connect with them in a way for example is tomorrow if I came up to you and I just started yelling at you say hey, well, I what are you doing is this guy's lecturing me but if you sit down like yo, why are you doing this? Like you'll explain to me talk to me a little bit then you're The person and from there you could talk to them about the reasons why and they're going to be willing to talk to you but want to if you're just sitting there getting lectured bro, I'm not gonna lie to you when I get lectured by some people as always little Allah has one. I'm sure like, yep. Yep. That's all I'm saying the whole time together as a kid. That's what I used to do, you know, so the thing is personally I would just try to connect it the guy especially if I knew him like it was around the neighborhood maybe even my my son or daughters friends. I'll probably do that. Anyways, give up. So my opinion on that is I feel like personally it's the reason why it's like that people are aggressive is because of how How they were he's you know, I feel like they're Dukes were aggressive and they wouldn't tell him it's just a psycho brother Odyssey. Anything isn't some other bro. Let's be honest here. All these guys are wild about yeah. So if someone's wild and out, you know what I mean? And they used to do that themselves higher that it's kind of like a hesitate. I don't you feel like they're not telling you because there's some people out of tell you because you know, I don't know how they'll do this, you know, I don't like guys out there smoking bogeys that all high jump but it's true bogeys because you nosy No, but I would like has to say you know what? I mean. It has to come from somewhere. And another thing to his bro, like the even Islam if you want you to sign as a basis. It was very like shaky back then and even till now music a lot of different so long. Confused, you know and just to say a funny story. All that point is basically like when it comes to the really like them because there's a lot of time with their little sauce right back into their mouthpieces something about it. Yeah, and then what they started do is they started taking the road you're more shares to and what they did was they started forcing or illegitimate kids, which is a big No-No in my opinion. So when I went to Somalia, which is great 5 once his dicks, you're a never gonna be in my life. I don't know. What a beating is. Is why I'll never beat you they beat me but they never really beat me like this. Now. That's what are you needing family my heart like she's my mom. You know, she hasn't she knows when to stop a person who doesn't know you just said Ever been beat seriously I go do my I should post it up talking to my homies my guys, they're fighting you know, who you are. We're just talking that I didn't pass my Shadows locking he comes a good I got it. So it's leaving marks, you know what I mean? So I got I was confused. I mean I had anger mocking lots of cheese kid, right? I'm not ask. How can this guy hit me plus I realized his old guys. It's gonna be easy. You're okay. They were shut their shook. Our their cheer you on didn't even know what that's impossible. I didn't even know was a possibility. I'm a rebellious kid. I came from Canada, but you have a voice. Well, I'm not gonna lie to you. My sister will tell you anyone will tell you this funny little like I whooped him and I rap. How big was he was he big or is he a small guy there guy like he's from the older generation. What do you say Z you beat up an elderly bed, but you're younger you're on guide to yes, he went off on you. Um, I still have them work on my back. I can show you why he's crazy. You whipped me bro. So basically I say that to say basically yea Somali culture is kind of glitched and it's like at a crossroad like people are not on one page basically and that's one of them. I feel like one of the biggest faults and one of the things that To change I definitely agree with hallowed on the point. Where were they like you first of all Allah guides whom he Wills. First of all, you know, I'm saying like you can't like you like even the prophet said you have to like, so I saw them he said like, you know give that way through Glad Tidings like, you know, if you do this, this is the rewards you got you don't like through up here. Yeah, what type of mentality especially for example if you hit me and I'm like, you know, if you hit me at this age and he said what do I took a I kind of get like, okay this guy have to do that. Anyways you What I mean, I'll be cheese but a kid he's gonna he's gonna associate getting hit and pain and all that with the slam and a lot of Somali people left the slam due to the beatings and all that with no explanation. Well, there's has to do a literally because I beat it real quick because I don't want to forget you said that the thing is I don't know that the biggest L. Is that the parents? Okay Lana your because he got beat because okay makes sense. So that's one thing shahla if I get kids in the future. One thing I would change I will teach us and to love mercy and this is what take a look see where they go. What do you make sense? Yeah. Yeah, and the thing is like generally speaking me. I've been to Africa before generally speaking Africa people people in Africa are more straightforward there more quote unquote heart, you know Hardbody, let's be real here. Their mentality is a lot harder. Like if you're standing in line a guy might just you're standing in line at a bank. I guys just going to cut you and go in front of you if you don't have the balls to say They get out of the way and like start snapping at him. He's going to say yeah, this guy's you know saw he's soft light work, right but like and the thing is like people are literally taking their Somali people are taking the people who came from Somalia then you know, our parents basically a lot of them have that hard hard body in this, you know, like and then in Canada a lot of people are just soft, you know, like oh, you know, like, you know, the you know, how kids are you know, like they're just soft more soft, you know, like all you offended me there's not offended like that's the miscommunication. And are you know I'm saying that's kind of like the worst that's kind of one of the worst parts of Somalia General in the culture specifically, but there's a lot of good things. Yeah, we get into that. I'm gonna highlight two things. I'm going to highlight one good thing that I see with parents and I'm going to say it one bad thing. I kind of see one thing about some of the parents that I see like across the map is a lot of parents focus on slick school. Right? And the thing is they're kind of like another thing is like they're very goal-oriented right so when they came to the Country their expectation was to have their children how to live better lives right in a country where it's basically like the country of I guess like I'm trying to come up with something through the opportunity a statement. So the thing is they want their kids to live better lives than they did, you know coming imagine coming from a different country. You know, I'm too right? Yeah, they go off and be exactly so the thing is like when they came here they are grinding some Abba's went taxi driving hole is like literally they used to be obvious. I brought I know Mom. All I know is the passed away. He used to be a veterinarian and inside are when he used to be in Somalia. He came back here. Well, he didn't actually work here. But then the thing is he didn't do Veterinary. He didn't become a veterinarian here. You don't belong covid veteran crazy. Well, there's even apis for engineers doctors that come here and there just got all those that are just all talk about that. The thing is like they come and they just dig grind every single day day in day out Hoyas right that aren't even working. Being there at home making sure you study, you know come home from school. Do your homework feed you, you know what? I mean? There's they're just grinding every single time. It just worked for them. Exactly. And the thing is to them it doesn't even feel like work, but they're actually doing it 24/7, you know, and the thing is that's one thing that's good about Somali people. They're very goal-oriented and the thing is school is the number one priority for the kids. And that's one thing that I really like the part that I don't like about someone who people and I always see I see it a lot of Somali obvious right is to just the lack of like just being Since and even like there's responsibilities as a parent that you have upon your kids and a lot of the times especially towards like the parents who are like right now at the age of like 30 40 lakh makalya to there's a lot like because especially first-generation not first generation like a magic coming here. I like 10 years old and growing up in Canada and UK from Somalia those people bro. They're not even with their kids bro. They're literally just chilling at Tim Hortons and not doing anything. Well, I like I know up a kid right that literally his whole life has ABO. Okay obviously has an arbor where you guys know that one of the things that you are kind of expected to do is basically make sure that financially everything is good across the table making sure you have they have a house make sure they have closed food. Everything's taken care of. Right? But the one thing that you're you're all but, you know, you're supposed to be there especially if you have sons daughters, you know, you're supposed to be there have a relationship with them talk to them about friends regular toxins. You don't exactly make sure that they because the thing is broke. That's why you see a lot of guys when they're just acting there acting like you like like they're trying to act like thugs you see in the state's a lot. Right? The thing is they take their role model Your Role Model supposed to be araba, and they take it from other people like rappers or what house, you know, not saying that it's a bad but whatever, you know P, that's what people do it's one of two things. You're either gonna be raised by the streets or you to be raised by females, which is going to make you soft. Yeah. So the thing is C is like the thing is obvious bro. They need to step up a lot and that's one thing personally. I'm going to fix it and I hope like there's I'm not gonna lie to you with the Pew measure. I know Molly. I don't see guys who would do that personally, but that's one thing we need to fix as a generation and make sure that even if we grew up without Abba's or we grew up without a relationship with our out because some people they'll be like, yeah my Abba he's good to me because he takes he he takes care of my school. He takes care of my clothes. He takes bulb, but that bro your album never had an actual relationship with you. You know what I mean? So just to expand on useless playing it's basically what I said earlier how I said there was like a lack of religion and household because usually, you know, like sometimes you have his story like basically a present. So while the well he was trying to do was modernized Somalia so girls would wear it. No jobs to school. Yes curse. My mom was telling me he would make them more minutes and he's trying to monitor a nice Somali and make a like the Western counterparts and what I mean, which is okay to an extent right? There was nightclubs being open and water show you what I mean. It'll start of this video. That was funny. I see that to see basically is why is my War brought along it, huh? But yeah, four five six seven wise but you know, I don't smoke his rocket of all they're all freaking. So I've 60 kids putting it work, but then when I didn't even know some of the kids, well II don't Zach's so those guys bring that mentality here at the like, you know, I can do whatever I want. You know what I mean? I don't see more dogs. I don't see it. So I don't personally I don't see it within like older I was maybe you guys have but I'm more so see it with like people who've come at the age of like 11, 12, 13 10 to the country to Canada mentality with them, you know what I mean? Because they see their guys got a lot of problems like but a lot of them do a little quick a quick first of all extent they do a quick step back and so on they come back like that's that's the reality. Where were the boys we don't want one thing one thing that I have to say is this is like a counter-argument like an argument like towards like help in support of the hawala elbows. First of all, we all know that there's many observe are good. First of all, that's a disclaimer number two, but I was that you guys are talking about that the the reason why they might have that disconnect with our children is because in Somali culture the it's a very close-knit like Family constant like structure with the uncles and the you know, the up teaser. There is very close to the children. It's like a whole village raises a child, right? So you could you could work from a broad and you know that your brothers or your wife's brothers are going to be the older male role models for you, right and and you know that your kid walks down the street. This is another Somali percent safe. The person is going to tell him to a bright yellow you enough. Do you not feel like as a parent you're obligated to make sure that this is my this is my son. No, this is my daughter. I'm What I'm trying to say is what I'm trying to say is what I'm trying to say is is that in and and the thing is like it's even in more in Muslim countries. Like you feel like a you feel way more safe leaving your kids going outside you do a part but you know that you don't have to worry 24 hours you who's gonna send the money to the kids say, for example, you want to get him and experience somewhere else. You still need to send the money there. No, I can understand that though for me. For example, I was living with my sister and you know what? In my mom sister is literally like they call them loyal to while there. So I was calling my mom sister Hawaii because it's my mom sister, you know what I mean by Blood sure obviously died for me because you know what? I mean, I get what you mean I go to you. So but the thing is it's it's circumstantial the thing is like if your ABBA is literally working out and for example, Calgary right grinding oil rigs, you know, that is understandable, but I'm saying with most obvious bro, they could literally work in Ottowa they could work in wherever Place their kids work at they choose to leave to do whatever you know. And the thing is bro. I'm not gonna lie to you a lie is the bag like really worth it. Like then you're like the relationship with your son or daughter. Do you think it's with you would you say that's true? That's true. Personally. I can't do that. My son work-life balance. The thing is I'm not gonna lie to you personally. Like I want to make sure that I want to Chala if I have a son or daughter, I want to make sure if they're in sports. I'm at every game, you know, if they have like freaking debates about every debate debates is sports if they can't even if you know I'm saying Right. Now I'm doing my responsibility but the extra mile is me going to do that though stuff that even retired bro like your time. Awesome. Yeah when I'm tired, I'm literally at the police. I'm watching I'm making sure I cheer them on because person is you a lot of those things. Those things are going to start it off because brought one thing about one thing about about even add on people is they grind they kind of did the same thing they kind of do the same thing where they go and then they just work and apis work. They come home. They just sit on the couch while I just watch TV. Look at 70 shows well, That's all they do birthday. Just literally sit on the couch. They watch TV. Lazy Boy is the one that's doesn't just doing everything, you know, and the thing is but we have to move away from that as as men right now right where put into the position right now in school, right? We're gonna be the fathers of tomorrow's it. Sha Allah, you know, so the thing is we have to think about the different stuff how we're going to tackle fatherhood you get what I mean? And the only way that we could do that is again, like if you have someone like your ABO talk to him about a how was it like, how was it when you when you first had me or my There's a mall or whatever, you know what I mean and basically say like how was fatherhood at the beginning, you know and some things you just gotta learn on your own but at the end of the day a normal human being knows the right thing to do with kids in the wrong thing to do because what I mean, if you neglect your kids don't expect them to not neglect you exactly what laughs that's the truth. Is that one thing I don't understand though is some Arbors. Well, I'm not gonna lie to you you're all I was deserve respect, you know what I mean? But the thing is is some obvious expect a relationship with their kids and spect their kids to too short to show love towards them when the whole time. They're just chilling at freaking coffee shops while hey bro, how can I respect your thing is literally you're not putting in that effort to be with your exactly why you're gonna bro. You can't expect like for example if I have a plant right now, right? I'm watering in order to grow when it grows. Do I stop watering it know I keep watering in order for it to stay alive when it's dead. Am I gonna blame the plot? No, it's because you stopped watering it exactly and it's not going to grow unless you actually watch it unless you actually like put water on to it. So as a kid, bro, you have to start putting in the work because then later on bro when you when you're at a retirement home, bro, you can't blame anybody but yourself. But well, I number one. I have a couple points. Number one is that things that children are children are very hard to first of all like the like you could be grinding for 20 years 30 years and still still at 30 or 40 or grind even some people, you know, may Allah may Allah like make it easy for them. They're still grinding on their kids when they're 40 and 30 years old. Right? So one thing is that first of all as a Muslim person you first of all you always have to respect their parents no matter how they treat you you have to treat them with respect. It's not it's to be honest you it's not even a two-way street. You got to respect their parents, but I see you can't the a lot for younger kids for like even the teenage ages like you're not going to have that same you're not going to have you I think the proper thing to say is you're not going to don't expect love from your children. If you're not if you're not there with them you get what I'm saying? Hmm, so don't expect that situation. I don't mean like literally The extra mile for you. It's not want to be hot enough that it's called action mouth. I'll give you the basics. Hi the basic stuff. Yeah, that's why she wanted to make clear number two. Yeah, another Point that's like really like a like a plaguing Somali the Somali Community is like is like the Somali huh beard isn't up to you like gossiping about different people. I even I almost forgot about I thought I thought we'd measured already. This is like one of the we didn't really but that's like one of the big things like they mean well a lot of them they mean well, but but they just I don't know they just like talking like one of the one of those diseases man. It's not even hoist. I've seen Hoya's demoralize their kids ability. Look is why don't you be like this guy here that's fault. Is that gonna accomplish while hey, I don't understand your YouTube channel a trying to convince me to be like that. I'm your bacon meat cheese. So chill why you compare me to someone else anything? I'm going to look at that guy. I don't even want to be like a lot of times the guy that they even say yet the sky. Let's go. Output like, you know, like what imaginary kid or something? Hi smile hakkasan could die. It's good that you stop that they'll let me tracks. Let me let me let me say my own point. The thing is that one last thing before we go into some really good points about the Somali people is the thing is a lot of the times when it comes to like marriage like me being someone who's mixed right? A lot of Somali. I don't get me wrong my ear and everybody they were cool with my oil right? But I'm just saying within other people a lot of Somali people guys have some own hassle Molly. They're a rare mix, right? Yeah, we're lucky to even have them with we gotta move. We gotta important. And she's like why you gonna go over this but now God, what was it going to say? Knock Somali? Good Somali. I every single time super against enemies. But the thing is I'm not gonna lie to you brother. They should they should understand that role Love Is Love a lot and of the day but so all you people I don't know what I fucking love you like it like the it was so a lot of the times it brought there to me. I'm not gonna lie to you their love starts after they get get married and I can understand because sometimes they've got put into marriages where they're not reading exact is arranged marriage, right? So the thing is they they tend to start loving each other later on. They don't understand like the say it again understand that we live in a society right now that like so Lot of publicity interracial kids majority of them. But yeah, I love love love love. Once again. It's a bigger problem, which is tribalism accepts from there's even racism within Somali. Yes, how do you expect - look other country when they can't even handle themselves. Like what's you're not you're not you're not you're not so I'll get out of your eyes and do what themselves. How do you expect? How do you expect them to let you marry someone else? Those are cool don't get it wrong to say that are based on tribalism. They're talking dirty times. Try did you see that dirty air cheering like, you know what you're talking about all the time. This guy's are hemily like they're from soil and they're like they're called they called again Jed. So you just see them going on you give him the treat them like shit bro. So I'm like, yeah, that's crazy. This is our so all these tours. Oh, yeah, you know what? I mean? So even in our even in Canada or anywhere, we are a dumb people are not going to tree. I don't like that shit. Yeah, they're gonna always pick out a DOT over a little so how are we not picking our own people over? You know what I mean top, but I'm saying like look at it like this. Yeah, I can understand where you're coming from. But at the end of the day bro, like let's just say for example, I'm at Uni rate. I meet this girl. This girl has attracted to me. I'm attracted to her. Let's just say she's a she's a convert for example, right and she's just she's the perfect one right? He's the perfect one for I decided to go to her house and talk to her. Offices IV but then when it's like when I go and discuss with my oil say I'm trying to get married to this person or my Alba, right? They just say flat out absolutely not like bro. What is that a lot to be honest obviously, but then again, I see a lot of people getting it done, you know, bro that they really look alike to you alive. There's people getting it done it that people are not getting it done not getting that are high way higher way higher percentage shots. This is not a guy. The sway my opinion. So if they give me a valid point that's not racist and that's for me not to be there like oh this girl she's bad for this girl. She's no Saint John. It's a how she's a smoker - that's okay. Okay, that's that's a reasonable talk right there. I'll move on what's the next option? You know what I mean? Yeah, but if she comes I just don't know. So how it works, huh? How about did you say if you marry her I will never talk to you ever. To be honest, you let me be honest. There's a lot of people that way more people in the I'd rather pick my oil. Yeah. She says it she says I like that it's rough. Yeah. Well, I still love my over any yeah, that's that's that's the reality a lot to show you. Should I can't I can't be cut off. I'm not saying you I'm not saying it before obligated to do that. Basically just leave it completely and that's the thing right is a lot of Somali parents. That's the reason why they just they hate other they don't hate other cultures, but they don't want their culture to be like extra something exactly bro. This is literally what lies literally Harry Potter will I you know and Harry Potter brother. Mudbloods it's when it's mixed with Wizards and thinking well, that's literally how it is. They just want it pure pure o Allah o but this let's play Devil's Advocate real quick. But like, you know, what if you know, like I feel like somehow it right here 55 6 years old as I say like, they're trying to preserve the culture. I know there's two there's two people. I feel like Yeah, I know. Anyways, there's two to I think that there's two types of people that like that say no to that. There's some people that have the jelly about the you know, the the tribalism all that is deep-rooted, you know, and then those people I don't like that but there's some people that say, you know, it's better if I would like it better, you know, you know, a lot of this is actually a stat, you know, like a fact like a lot of times when you marry within the same culture people understand each other more, you know what I'm saying? Like there's things like But then again that's not viable because we live in Canada. I know there's a lot of people that's viable. That's a fact. What are the same me and I ran, let's see how we more common points with then someone who's from Somalia you get what I'm saying going fast. So but like, yeah, that's exactly what I'm trying to say. I actually like you're trying to like marry someone as in generally speaking. I don't even know how we got into this topic. Anyways, we like they they're like all think about they don't want the Somali stuff to get extinct, but you had next the next the next one. Understand islamically to a guy can go forth. He doesn't need a go ahead without I mean, yeah, I can't go. Yes. Absolutely. I don't need your, okay. Next episode topic. We're talking about marriage or whatever. What is this? Yo, what was it called talked about that before we talk about it's time to take a quick. Let me put you other. Oh, let me put you on segment. Okay, I'll give it to use of this time. You know, I feel like he needs it. I feel guarded I'm gonna put you guys on to a new spot that we've been to all three of us have tried it. I would say I would recommend this place to anybody really if you're looking for a sandwich. That is Taco Bell where I'm talking to me. Definitely probably talk about the Super Bowl until time is egg, which I personally have never had a better sandwich before the customer service made this happen. Yeah, that was 10 out of 10. First of all that guy brother if you guys see a Brother Do you remember my name is Heidi? I think his brother's name is Ali exactly. Very good. Got very good Brothers, you know when we came in there, we were welcomed, you know. Caldwell had a quick combo with the with the with the owner, you know, so the thing is but we're trying to give you guys like what we're trying to recommend and it's the place called Munchies. Please brothers and sisters, please visit that place laravel Hello Spot. It's super super super nice writes a new spot on miravalle. You guys are like hit that up. What I would recommend on the menu. Actually. It's not on the menu yet. But when you go to the brother asked him if he can make Zoo because item that is like a two and a half miles off course. First of all, you can't go wrong with it. End up going and you like it put them on bro. Like I need to support as a Muslim brother. He just started his business ultimately give him a five star review on Google that obviously is going to help him a lot but some exposure also put them on your story. If you guys have a platform he has a he has an Instagram page Fox but yeah, yeah, that's Munchies. Let's just wrap up right now. We're going off usually try to keep it between. Yeah, sorry 30 45 minutes, but let's just wrap it up with some of it because we've been going hard on some. Yeah. We got to give them some slack. There's a lot of and I'm a good person. Okay, tell me to go play. All right, there's all started off off there. Ya go ahead. Go ahead and type of community. Like it's my Village raises. Children. Yeah. One thing we have to say is the good in Somalia Somalia Somali people and some other culture really outweighs the bad the bad does this like four five issue? But the thing is every Community has issues. Let me just point something. I mean, let me just give you an example. well we're just having a good time they're surviving yeah that's another little script basically and he gave me the keys I was just posted doing my thing and well I stepped out to get a quick go set up a quick breakfast for myself not breakfast strike it was like I'll try to get food for a night the the chicken shop yeah the chicken shop that night it was night time I never had food Cooks obviously let me grab food come back it was nighttime forgot the key not I took the key put in the door broke the key bro yeah you know you know house how awesome owns are right if so he gave me the crib like his Shop, you had a shop. You just pulse it up and he said first thing in the morning when they open we're going to go you can see you can lie down right here. It's got to high school. It was raining bro. Just something I could I don't know where to go. So I'm not against yeah. Yeah, and this is remind the people is in London is London. I don't know where I am my for no data. I don't have internet. Literally. I just seen us all while they got here so happen to own a tackle shop right here, right beside the place. You should come inside took care of you and that's just a shows. No one would go like it's probably a few people I can name majority of Somalis that would go above and beyond to if there's an issue that would go above got to make you feel can even bring you into their house and you don't know the bring you into their house. Go ahead. Yeah. I just want to piggyback off that like the word that I'm probably looking you're probably looking for is just friendly people very outgoing very friendly is crazy. Yeah, and the thing is they're just they're welcoming, you know, and that's that the last one thing I also love about them. They're also funny hilarious people alive and he saw Ali personally. We have you ever noticed that there just just Chris Rock's out here, huh? Well, I just jokesters. not as they literally brought every Somalia vocality every solid person brother just they could just crack you up Allah should I just walk away love accent maybe they're just the kill you I'm not gonna lie to you they always always always take care of you in the situation like Holly said they're always like especially the fact that they see you in there Somali well they're always helping man and that's the one thing that I really like what that's I'm just gonna first off agree with that the hospitality another thing about some other people is we talked about how sometimes they misuse and they don't do religion properly but the Somali people who are yeah there's some other people like anywhere you go to some other people they establish learning the Quran that are one of the a lot of communities don't memorize the Quran so I'm all for our one of the communities that everywhere they go they memorize the Quran the girls a lot of them they always were a job like majority like you know like comparing yeah when you come yeah when you compare them to other Muslim communities like there's all you know like they you know I'm saying like the ratios a lot Jordi voice is someone's yeah not even majority. There's probably four people I can do that's not so Wally that's just chose to come to show how they value that. Actually a lot of a lot of parents are a lot of parents are using what's it called again child benefit to pay 400 is, you know, by any means necessary, you know, like there really ma sha Allah and the thing is about Islam is like comes with Saul the you know, Hospitality all the good aspects. It's all built in so then like it's another thing is they really the two things that Somali especially Hub you to do is that when someone is sick, they visit them, you know what I mean? They make sure the whole Community visits them. And and another thing is when someone dies the taxi everybody helps out very well. Those are two things that you know, even if they can they're beefing even the two hobbies are beef. They're still they're still going to visit you. You know, I mean I've seen this firsthand a lot of Hubbard is visiting if your mom is sick and they're always like your mom or your dad might go somewhere. they're going to send you food like it's a Sarah take care of the kids are going to take care of the it's like overwhelming you know I'm blessed we're all blessed to be a part of Muslims and be Somali and you know that's that's that's all I gotta say man that's all I got to say just to conclude I just like to say like with with everything you know there's always good things there's always bad things always ugly everything it's always ugly things you know and the thing is so while these are in that category too you know but at the end of the day bro us as somalis Pro huh proud of who I am exactly brought us as some all these bro where the Next Generation we're going to carry on this lineage of Somali of our Somali Heritage and we're going to instill that within our kids you know we don't bring up these bad things to say oh this is you guys are wrong you can get off so we kind of sound like so we can fix up exactly so this is like this is our to remind ourselves first and to remind you guys you know like there's a lot of things that are wrong with in like are things that people that are Somali people that do wrong but at the end of the day but we just need to fix up well I were just trying to better our And Community, you know what I mean? So at the end of the day I do we had a country like Canada where it's just awesome all these wrong. That's a Somalia is uh, no, I don't think so. Why is not like that? Yeah. It's not like that at all. It's not even close thinking about eyes idea Sky idea University. I'm so sorry Somali Big, Brother Halle Berry. is shy lovers you guys can just bail bond Alpha by caste are available on all platforms everybody's got an apple sauce bro share with your friends man we want people to enjoy another listen something else you know what exactly don't see those little baby oh thank you guys for coming man we really appreciate the support yeah make sure you guys remember about the two and a half Molly's make sure you guys will follow the page and yeah I just like to thank you guys from the bottom of my heart I hope you have a wonderful day we love you guys