Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters.March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and my bones waste away. I am a reproach among all my enemies but especially among my neighbor's I am repulsive to my acquaintances those who see me outside flee from me. I am forgotten like a dead man out of mind. I am a broken vessel for I hear the slander of many fear is on every side while they take counsel together against me. They schemed to take away my life. But as for me, I trust in you. Oh Lord. I say you are my God. My times are in your hand deliver me from the hand of my enemies. And from those who persecute me. Have you ever felt utterly stuck? Most people have been there at some point in life. But if you haven't the day is coming when you will. It may feel as if everything in the world is going wrong, and no one really seems to care. David found himself stuck in that exact place. He was in a great deal of pain both physically and spiritually people were even plotting to kill him. But in the midst of the chaos hurt fear and loneliness David was still determined to trust God. In fact, he said in Psalm 31 verses 14 through 15, but I Trust You Lord and I claim you as my God. My life is in your hands. When life goes wrong and it feels like we have nothing left. We can still trust the Lord and place our lives in his hands. That's also good advice when life is going great. We can trust that in the best or worst times. He is for us and all things will work together for our good. Let us pray Lord no matter what is going on in my life whether good or bad. I'm going to trust you because I know You are in control. You are my ever-present help in the time of trouble. I thank you because I know you will take care of me. Thank you for setting aside time to invest in your relationship with Jesus Christ time spent with God and His word is never time wasted if you are using your devote 365 volume to be sure to take advantage of the journaling portion on. On each page. Also don't forget to record your thoughts in the weekly recap portion. If you would like to purchase the devote three, six, five Daily Devotional click on the link in our podcast description to do so, let us know if you are using this podcast by tagging us in your social media post with hashtag devote 3-6-5. Thanks once again for joining us.