Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty Similarly, we wanted to dig in and better understand what each side does to come up with creative ideas. And then if we're going to explore how people in the worlds of brand content and editorial come up with ideas. Why not talk to people who do creative work the other settings to so I'll see you next is the creative agency at Conde Nast version final reach beyond the traditional scope of advertising our first three episodes which were launching together today. Give us examples of different types of needs people respond to creatively episode 1 features. Xavier t-- o-- C NX is executive creative director. We talked about collaboration and why he hates the idea of being an expert episode 2 features professor John Baldwin a professor of sociology and expert on creativity. We talked about the social evolutionary and biological foundations of creativity episode 3 features love Malone and Bennett Bennett who are working on is soon to be launched creative recruiting firm called the gradient. We talked about starting a business in the creative world and why diversity is important just don't call it diversity. And what about the name anyone who's worked on a creative project feels the pain of this viscerally as soon as you use the file named final you can bet there will be further revisions. So in the spirit of that and then spirit that ideas are never actually done. They just go live. Here we go. And what about the name anyone who's worked on a creative project feels the pain of this viscerally as soon as you use the file named final you can bet there will be further revisions. So in the spirit of that and then spirit that ideas are never actually done. They just go live. Here we go.