I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless.Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You too. Will uncover the life-changing magic of living like you are dying. You're a journey to a more connected. Joyful and compassionate Life starts right now today. I had the opportunity of recording a very special podcast and because of that I wanted to give it its own introduction just to explain a little bit of background this podcast is with one of My dearest friends Carol and during the podcast cow is lying in her hospice bed in Northern Ireland and I have traveled from Scotland to be with her. And the reason I did this is as many of you know, I have been living with stage 4 ovarian cancer since January 2016. And Carol has been living with Stage 3B ovarian cancer since September 2015 and and since about me 2016 Carol has been an incredible support for me the day before I had my massive surgery in which I had five organs removed and several others partially removed. Carol sent me a message on my blog and that sparked a friendship that I just can't even put into words. We have supported one another through chemo through treatment through Recurrence through spread. She's definitely supported me in ways that no one else could because she knew exactly what it was like to go through everything that I went through careless 12 years older than me and definitely became like a big sister to me through my cancer Journey offering support guidance being the person I could message day or night with worries concerns and a really dark sense of humor. Humor. We have laughed we have cried and we have shared things. You just couldn't even imagine she is an incredible force of Nature. And the reason that this podcast is so unique is not only is Carol in a hospice bed, which is a rare insight into end-of-life care for a cancer patient, but I think it's also rare to have the interviewer be somebody who very much loves. Person in the hospice bed but not only that that the person interviewing has the same disease as the person in the hospice bed. And I know that one day I will be lying in the in a similar situation in a hospice bed. And we wanted to use this opportunity to talk really honestly and openly about hospice care about life and death and about how beautiful it can be and I think many a of us myself included would have thought that when we talk about hospice care or end-of-life care or death and dying that it would be a sad conversation. And yes, there were some tears shared but really the message that comes through from this beautiful podcast with Carol is all about love and connection and living and for me. She has taught me so much not only in the last four years, but certainly in the last few weeks. Speaks about how you die with dignity and about how you die. Well, and about how you live until the very last second of your life. Carol is one of the most incredible people I've ever met ever had the honor of meeting, and I'm so glad that you get a brief insight into how remarkable this woman is tonight after recording the podcast. I had to say, goodbye. Hi to Carol. I'm returning to Scotland in the morning. And it's the first time in my life. I've had to say goodbye to someone and know without a shadow of a doubt that I will never see them again. Carol is obviously hopefully not going to die overnight, but she is in the final stages of her disease, but due to the distance due to the fact that my cancer has recurred and I am on chemotherapy myself due to the time frame curl faces. We know that we will not meet face to Face again and as I left having said, goodbye about 20 times, they could barely get me out the room the emotions. I was feeling I realized that we never know when we say goodbye to someone whether we will see them again. We never know what will happen whether they are ill or not. We never know what the future holds people see in passing comments all the time, you know, you could get hit by a bus tomorrow. Oral that it is actually the reality and although Carol is in the final stages of her disease. She is in a hospice. She is receiving end of Life Care. Although I have a terminal diagnosis myself. It does not guarantee that either of us will die before a well person. We don't know what the future holds And yet when we spend time with people we interact with people when we see our goodbyes we act as if time has always I stand is always guaranteed and this was such an insight for me about connection and love and just that deep appreciation of people because the way I said goodbye to Carol, I'm feeling and knowing that I would never see her again. I've never felt that before that connection that love and I really if I take myself nothing else away from the Legacy that Carol leaves it is to really we really appreciate every connection in my life in the last three days that I've spent with Carol. I have seen how she really embodies that the Deep connection and love she has with her friends and family and I feel so honored to have been a tiny part of that although Carol and I have developed a close Bond and we have communicated almost every day for the last four years. We have actually only met Three times and that was twice in Northern Ireland and once in Scotland and when I see all her friends and family here who have many years of memories and connection. I am overwhelmed with joy that they got all that experience and connection with her because I know how much I got from our time together our brief time together. She is remarkable and the connection we Whore I certainly feel that I think many people with cancer listening. Well understand is that Insight that we both know exactly what the other ones been going through and I can't imagine a world without her and I says to her recently, how will I go on without you? How will I will I keep living and she says you just remember everything. I've taught you and you live your life and you love and you connect t' and you keep living till the day you die. And is there a more beautiful message than that? So rather than you keep listening to me talking. I would love to know pass over to Carol who will share her insights her beautiful appreciation of her end-of-life care of her family and friends of Love of life and some beautiful messages that she has for you all about What really matters in life this is so special for me to share so unique and I really hope that you get as much from it as I did and I'm so grateful to Carol for taking the time to do this when our health is as it is and for our family and for our friends one of our best friends was in the room during the interview, which was beautiful as well. This is so special to me. It will forever be the most So podcast ever do the more special interview, and thank you so much Carol. I love you, and I always will enjoy the podcast guys. Bye so I'm joined by Carol today. Thank you Carol for joining me. Thank you for your thank you. Just traveled a little bit further to be here with me today. Then I had to go. Yeah lovely to be with you too. Today, so just to set the scene. I'm sitting in a hospice in Northern Ireland. I've traveled over from Scotland to be with Carol for the past few days. We're in a beautiful room. The hospice is absolutely gorgeous. The care couldn't be better beautiful big room. We're joined by one a Carol's best friend's Helen who hi. She'll probably be quite quiet throughout the podcast, but she is sitting sitting with us, just so just to set the scene. So we're setting either side of the bed Carol's line cause the in obeyed on lots of good medication and we're today going to be talking to you about the hospice experience. So Carol, do you want to tell us what it's been like for you so far so far? Yeah to begin with it was a bit of a shock to the system my GP arriving in my house for starters a couple of weeks ago. And he had you know got their beds and this is Mom the morning and the bed was available on Tuesday. So it was a bit of a Sharp intake of breath. Whoa, that's quick kind of do it, but I need a hospice bed. So yes, I'll see you. Okay, thank you. So it was sort of like going to choose day when the ambulance turned up. It was all so sudden, you know, I didn't get a chance. To say goodbye properly to my home or live for the last 17 years that was quite traumatic, you know, he'll and can even help him sort of like quite upset at me sort of been bundled Orphans of the ambulance without really a backward glance at my own home. It'd be quite hard the next day as well. Like we're going up and hospice and sort of like realize until this is It's you know, I won't be home again, but that quickly disappeared it all out feeling when I realized. The touch of a button I could get pain relief at the touch of a button, you know, I can get a bad wash because I mean my the hydrogen that you know, that was one of the reasons that I didn't really want visitors because my hygiene and gone so bad and I couldn't I was letting my husband then it was doing too much, you know, he was suffering as well as me suffering. So that is why the hospice was the best thing I've ever done for me. Me for my family. Yep, and I haven't looked back. I haven't regretted it at all. I think something when we were having a chat before we started recording was something important for you is to reassure people that are either thinking of going in a hospice for themselves or maybe have a family member going in and you've touched on that a little bit. But what are your thoughts around that may be compared to how you might thought about a hospice and the past and how you think about about it? No, because how long have you been in the hospice know I've been in a hospice. I'll be two weeks tomorrow. Yes. How are you feeling? You do become a bit institutionalize you you do sort of like get used to your surroundings and all the rest of it, but not in a bad way. It's almost like a home from home the care the people the nurses the doctors they are all there for you. Don't mean that they couldn't do enough for me and the doctors especially sort of like they include me that you know, it's like a little too big tennis match, you know. Oh talking about right? How was yesterday? I was last night on the drugs. What drugs do we need to change you think do we need to mix this up a bit and I've included an every process which again is, you know, fantastic, you know to be involved. Look at the nurses, you know, you hit the button what but can we get you like, you know, they are so so lovely and me, this is Northern Ireland hospice, but she's a Char and I know when each s involvement at all, so, you know it relies on, you know, Chara die. To to run and I've just been blown away since since coming in here. It's been so so lovely and experience. I didn't really well. My dad died in what is called McMillan unit and I'm hospital. So it's kind of another hospice type thing and it's it killed all his wounds. But again, I'm glad I'm not there because this is my own unique experience, but I that that you know what I am. Had that end-of-life care, you know, I'd seen it was my dad and again at comfort of me the way he was looked after so well, so I think yeah, maybe I've got a good positive experience about hospice is rather than maybe other people think about that's where you go to die. Well, yeah you do but you also go to get European manager symptoms manage, you know, there are so many more different aspects to the hospice and it's not just cancer patients that end up in here. It's you know, it's a whole range of patients with life limiting, you know diseases and the care second to none and Yet you really really do feel at home very quickly come to emphasize that enough and for people listening who've maybe never stepped into hospice and don't know what to expect. Can you describe what it's like and maybe how it differs from a hospital rooms bigger for starters. We have got way more room there. There are sort of like recliners which can just about turned into your bed. If somebody wants to stay over and a private bathroom, which is huge. TV that I actually never have owned, you know, it's call your home Comforts in the one room lovely big room. And yes, there's you've got like access to a Lobby Garden at the back now part of doors. You can go out and like every summer sitting there and sit on so, you know again fresh air is just a step away. There's sort of like will come and assess your needs that the me. You know, I was busy one realized that you know, I'm a bit of a Furniture Bravo as I called it though. So they got me a little watering it down again. I've 47 years of age. It's quite a gunked realized that I need a walk beneath that you know, somebody in there is would usually need you know, it's that's hard to stomach that's one of the harder but to stomach to realize just have friel's, you know, I'm getting but I just suck it up and run with it. I don't know. It's just you. And what I love when you're talking about home from home so last night you had a party at the hospice you talk about that. It's very, you know a very you very very me. Yeah, it was just sort of looks organic the way it all came together. So basically there are a couple of the lovely lovely nurses who work here are part of a you can really Bond and on my very first day in here. one of the nurses came in and said, you know we do we sort of like songs to want us to come in and entertain you it was myself my mum husband nail over here and have it yeah before and so half a dozen people lined up and and in my room and first and to Valerie with Kung Fu Fighting in the middle and within seconds of them Startin I had just Resolved under great big puddles. I just cried my eyes out and it was just because after months of feeling really rubbish dealing with a lot of pee in their shoes and you know feeling at my lowest I was happy for the first time in ages and I recognized it as pure unadulterated joy and I cried the happiness. I didn't think I was going to get such a magic moment in my life at this stage again and obviously vehicle in players picked up walnut and want to know struck up a friendship immediately with Michelle is one of the nurses here and you know explain to her that my husband has bought tickets for this concert. August from the cases like is through by P. It is concert and it's hand hard because he's only four tickets for them and not ticket for me. So that against or got Michelle Anderson and right Carl needs a concert then just for her and then it sort of really started spreading legs because I was it a friend someone over from Scotland. You could be do it around that time. Yep, no pressure. Let me do that and then my friends in Scotland like Jason up the dress up we were going to dress up anyway, and and then you know sort of like yeah, it really was everybody. That means something to me without us and you know as people of wanting for weeks or months and I just have not been fit to be seen but because In the hospice, everyone was you know, the was covered like, you know, they're a bad setup for me to lie and listen to the concert and and it just it just blew me away my out of pocket collection would reserve the money and it was a hospice were all delighted to do that as well as women for everybody and it was just such a good night again at this stage in my life. I didn't think I'd be having one of the best nights of my life, but I did. It was just filled with so much joy and love and I'm like, absolutely and I think that's one of the things the hospice gets. So right is that it does make sure that the families that are there with little the loved one that needs the care and attention gets up. As soon as the wolf family and so did the friends. Yeah, you know, I was enough thing as well. It's not just about family. You know, I've got very very close like there's hands together. I've been very very close friends very I am again eyewitness not last night how much people really do care and love me and all it. It's very humble and it is so humbling and it is so Let you know that's a sucky but as well that all these people that love me are going to be so hurt not by me, but by the bloody bastard of a cancer hmm, you know, I've bloody dare to take me from them, but since you're so awesome, but hey, we've all got to go sometime. I have made my peace with the fact that my life it might be shorter, but by God, it's been sweet one. I have been very very Lumpy. It's my life. So I have this two things. I want to pick up on what you said there. So the first one is we spoke earlier about the you said only Noah you realizing how loved you are and the other thing is about the piece that you're feeling here around so could you talk about both of them and all their a bit different but I didn't want to miss either one of them one of those but you know, we're woman We don't pursue house. First we go out we care for other people, you know, the last people we think about is ourselves. We're too busy beating her said looking you're looking in the mirror and I accents terrible two to three hours an hour Amira Cockney. Yeah, and You you give yourself give yourself a hard time, you know, you know, you look in the mirror, you know Bono my hair is great guys Alfred Oates. It was up with my eyebrows didn't or lack of eyebrows, but that's visit we've lost them and regrow them and so actually You know given giving yourself you give it giving yourself that sort of like time in your own mind to take a step back and look at how many people love you and how they love you. It's actually quite mind-blowing and it's not. It doesn't cause my ego to grow. Because yeah, I got a husband that pops that boy really like quite regular. Oh there goes evil pops the way around the room again in a loving way and a loving way. He keeps me grounded never lets me get big headed about and often. But yeah, it's more humbling than anything that it and it does give you a loving warm and fuzzy feeling and that again leads into the piece. Mmm, you know again, I don't talk peace where I am within the hospice. I know exactly why I'm here and I am fine with that again. I luckily got a counselor when I needed them most and and they were able to sort of steer me to say that you know about this. But what is best for me right now? And the best thing for me right now is not prolonging my Agony. I just you know, I have been in agony on and off for the last 18 months with bowel problems with vomit and for months on end. And yeah, I am literally sick and tired of being sick and tired. It's not that I'm sick of Livin, but I can't live like this anymore. So that's sort of like where you make your peace. With the right I've done all I can it's time to put my clogs bag. I am not losing any bottles of anybody ever survived of my battle. I will come back and pick them up the arse and run away. Hehe, well haunt them. No, but losing battles here people, but I'm with you on that one yet for me. I have a goblin legs. I don't know how my guest going to be peaceful, but it's yeah, I want I want to make it as as calm as peaceful as Big fight a deaf as I can make it for myself, but for the people I leave behind. I mean I've said to my family all along, you know with kids and stuff. I've got the easy job. I close my eyes. I got to stop with morphing I drift off. Within your woman. I will be here in the room and the next I won't because again, I watched both gone through my dad and it's very very strange. You know, it's very surreal woman at the relies the next day and you can't really prepare for that. You can't so they're going to go through a hellish time and that again. You know would do anything absolutely anything to make it as okay as I can be but we know we can't you know, we can't make it okay for them, you know, um, no, but that's the kicker that's hard. But don't you think being in the hospice helps with them? I think we're surrounded by experts here. I think you know, they will be able to read my family like books and get them the help if they need help. They will get us I think again, yes, he had no known hospitable you make my family's needs and I think what I've witnessed with you in the last few days is just one over the years but this support that you've created this circle of friends and family and what your so mindful of is you've been setting up people so that they're all like or you can support this person and you can support this person. Yeah. It's really beautiful. What? Yeah, I can't help it. It's just the way I am. I just you know, I just want I want people to be able to sort of Link grieve together. I mean, you know, look I set up the little our little ovarian liddy's Northern Ireland Group, which you are about to be an honorary member of I'm sure you know, I say I needed that for you know, I've said countless times that were four of us started chemo together. I'm the only one left what our Basket Case would I've been for the last couple of years. But they are there any ladies, you know to have my back, you know sits there all look over your the heart of the group your that's not know. You know, we're all the heart of the group and I did not set up a support group for the woman Northern Ireland for it to Fall to Pieces Just because Morgan's here has to go and die. So any of my ladies listening keep going or that way. I'm more picked up the arch goal of home. Anton flat. Yeah, I know that's something else we talked about before the podcast was around. Hey, you know when we have cancer something I've experiences we can often book. Well, yeah, but feel like we're dead inside and even now looking at you lying in a hospice bed. You're absolutely glowing last. You have about all the makeup the stem probably the I found you last night. You did a grand job of pregnant last night. Yes, we had your we're going in your makeup and everything and people can look at anything or Carol looks looks well. When are you recovering? And how is that being the I don't want to use the word denial but almost that disconnection from reality that you faced with people because I think we all face that with can I don't yeah. I mean to be honest I I have for the last too many months band foot was of me. I mean that was a big step I took last night, but I think it needed to be done that you know, you know, I have to embrace the fact that they are this is the DJ. I'm at in my life or rather. Yeah, heading charging towards my death and again, why shouldn't I will not you know, yes, I've lost but at the end of October when you know sort of like made the decision no more treatment, etc. Etc. You know, I was our big healthy but 14 stone or something thanks to steroids and all the rest of the banana on and no, I mean gee I'm scared about yourself. You know, we were the me just agree that that's the scary thing about comes with the way the way it can just fall off here and go on and yeah, I mean, yeah, I know. It is Well, I think there were a few photos of interment of Jesus cheekbones Rebecca Hall there, you know germaneness it's just not such a good luck but it's like it's hurting like I'm nice I'll have to embrace her but you think there's so I guess my my question was do you think there's people look at you and I still expecting you to get better and I think there probably are people that think oh Carl's just in the hospice for you know better, you know recover Are symptom management and to get home again? When an actual fight? No, I'm not going home. Again. This this is where I'm standing that again. That was a decision I made because I wouldn't have wanted it at home personally, you know, my husband my two teenage kids are still living there and I wouldn't want a room to be tarnished with that's the room that mom died and no thanks again. That was it. That was an easy decision to make to come to the hospice. And I'm sort of like devote do I don't know. I don't think personally I don't think I look well enough to Stage a miraculous recovery. But some some people just find it too tough and to face up to the truth of what is occurring. It's just like, you know, and again it's a bit frustrating for me because it's just like body of I can accept what's happening to me. Why can't you you know, it can get Bit, you know Earth to you have her you know, this is how it went. But again if they can get it into their pretty little heads I know about to force it and didn't know I will just idle time for that shit anymore and it's acting like you're letting go and acceptance of you. I guess I'm now asking for me because it's something I struggle with is that and lack of acceptance of you. Just let it just let it go. Lack of acceptance from other earlier than other people. Yeah, you have to again when you know, it was the the your Lifeline is getting shorter and shorter and shorter you realize what's important you realize what the bullshit is. I you know got our about you me. I don't have time for the bull shit anymore. And I don't have time for bullshit was either so sorry, you know, if you don't have your own make the grade you'll be you'll be yeah. It's brushed up. But again, I am so blessed, but see I have got surrounded me and so you're doing hey, that's all you're doing though. Like I mean, like that's because that's what you felt there. But yeah all that love out there. So that's what you've got back. Yeah. Yeah. I I'm very lovely that the people that I have surrendered myself. I've totally totally I think yeah. Yeah. I'm very honored to have them love me the way they love. Me treat me the way you treat me. And yeah, I mean that again is so confident that adds to the time for in the piece and everything. You know, it don't add to the kick in the stomach that looking to hurt too bad. I am so sorry. I wish I could stop but you know as I say, yeah, if you as you've noticed I am trying to sort of like yeah much people who okay when I die you were a couple her and then I don't you go cuddle her, but you don't miss over here. It is man. Love it. I my next guest is totally gone from my head. This is a struggle. I'm on chemo interviewing you. So my brain is all is all fuzzy. Oh, yeah. It was I think when we live with and I do mean live with in when were in the living stages of reached stage cancer, we get a lot of insights in it changes our perspective about life and about priorities and I'm wondering if knowing this next fees if your Or if your insights and priorities have changed again if there's like if there's any insights you'd want to share with people. Who are you maybe don't even have a dyke a diagnosis if there's if there's anything here just anything around almost like a message for people about living or even about dime. Well, one of the areas we were when I got my recurrence that was Just be worth time because nobody had to spell out to me. Oh your record. That means you are not incurable. I knew that myself and that again. I had had this little candle of Hope Burnin and it was basically somebody just come over and gone and spot the condo. You know, I that was I remember that statement. Well, yeah and it's just like oh shit There Goes My Hope For The Cure. I can't two are like I'm stuck with this monster. Now that was hard and I did climb into a little kiev for a few days and I was everything I'm not I was Bloody miserable. I couldn't see the wood for the trees. And yeah, I was lost for a few days. And then yeah, I give himself a shit and like Carl, you know, this is exactly how it sounds for. Stage your life away when you're doing nothing but thinking about it and that's when I came up with a few years. I think I've mentioned it before to you. I'm sure other people and that but that's the old me then it was like, you know, why worry about dying when you still love him. You know that saved me from a multitude of going down dark alleys just thought that one who fears. No, I obviously am dying. So that's changed. But again, I'm not dead yet. No, baby in dead yet motherfuckers. Exactly. And again, it's like, why would I choose any of my last moment on this Earth to be fine measurable ones? You know still not have to be happy as happy as you can be and again I but I have found the testifies back. I was not happy at home. I was miserable. So again being in the hospice has brought back that that sense of humor that I had, you know, the famous Irish crack, you know, it's all there again. They've given me my personality back a good bit. I'm for that as well. I am so so beautiful for this place. You know, so yeah and I see that cuz the messages we've been exchanging over the last few months and year and how much you were struggling at home and then here in the change once you came into the hospice and it's just miraculous actually because you're getting the support that you need that you couldn't get a home. Yeah, exactly. And and again that anybody's definitely is into mind about hospice. Don't be go into that one mind and give it to you. You can always leave you can always ask to go back home. But please try it out because it's been the best thing for me. Definitely. It's been such a huge positive influence influence on what are my yeah last days weeks, whatever looking back when you don't really ruin your diagnosis. Would you have thought that you would have chosen a hospice? How did you not think about it? Probably didn't think about it back then? I mean again, I had experience of my own dad dying and the melon unit and didn't really cross my mind, but then obviously, you know, eventually it does catch up with you. And again, it wasn't even a question. It was just like no I am I'm going into a hospice. I'm not going to be at home with you know, and seeing what This DNA especially he was struggling so hard to keep you know, keep me up great and everything fan water and whatnot, you know. Yeah, I uh, I couldn't do that to him anymore. It was as much for him as it was for me to get me into hospice it to free up the family until that we could be a family again and not not sort of let you know what Ivan to sort of look worried about or what's mom doing is she going to be okay? It's going to fall off the toilet or whatever, you know, every was just Gives you that quality time. It removes the gearing it is the chi rho aspect not the keyring and it frees up the carer. Yeah to be the husband or whatever the way whoever it is yet to be the daughter of the sun yet best friend's a bit of respite and a bit of their freedom back as well as well as I really probably caring for the patient. Yes, no-brainer. Sometimes I was not here. Yeah, it is. Yeah what I mean is it's sort of like what were your thoughts were I'm no becoming interview. I love this. I was just waiting. I'm surprised it took this way. Okay, but I mean, what were your thoughts as always? I'd always probably thought I wanted to die at home, but I don't know if it was just seeing you is the best in the bath with your baldness not my much-loved fastened to learn but I think having seen your experience and I've mean I visited our hospice our local hospice. I've visited other patients not ones. I've been friends with but ones who have asked for support. So I've been in and visited some familiar with those person. It's lovely, but it I don't know for me at the time. It felt too real that haven't seen you in here and seeing the difference that it's offered. I hunt I would be a hundred percent. I would choose a hospice a hundred like nothing would change my mind on that because I think what it offers what I've seen it offers family and friends is priceless. Yes, and also what it offers you as well the fact that I've been I've been here now, this is the third day and seeing that you're getting your awesome the second me that getting you Your pain relief regularly. This is the amount of space you have is just unbelievable. But how how much more comfortable you are here than at home and having he heard those messages of how much of a struggle it was it at home and enjoy myself when I'm unwell at home how much of a struggle is and even how instantly relax their feel going into a hospital and I guess that a hospice is that magnified? Yeah. Exactly it is. Yeah, and I think it's a gift and it's something I talk about is that it's a gift. Given to the live in as well that they are then able to to be your family and your friends. Yes. Yes. Those are not our carers or another. Yeah, they are just there to believe that for us work with us. And yeah and when it's all over yeah, the hospice is right there for them to grieve when to hold them to hold them. Yeah, so I think it's year for me. It's a no brainer. Definitely haven't seen it. I think it's such a beautiful experience. Since actually to witness it's given me a lot of convert them to the staff here. They see it as a real privilege a real honor to work somewhere like this to prepare people for their death and all the Reza and again that blows my mind as well the way the staff all their incredible aren't the apps like can't fault them. They're absolutely amazing. So caring the whole place. I'm just blown away. I didn't realize till you said it that it was Private entity that it's all fun. You know what I mean? That's alright. Yeah that it's a charity. I'm conscious of your energy your meds time. So I'm going to ask one more question. Okay, then wrap it up. And the question is we discussed this before hand so ordinarily and every interview with the same question which feels very inappropriate but the question so I'm not going to ask that but I will see what the question is. So the question is if you knew you were going to die tomorrow, how would you live your life today, which is you know a Was question when you're lying in a hospice bed with late stage cancer wardrobes. So I guess my question is if you'd been asked that what message would you give either your former self or to somebody else? Who's living will just know about about what's the Live Like You're Dying message. What Insight would you give to somebody there is living. Well right now with cancer or just in general. So to a healthy a healthy person of what message would you give to a healthy person about about mortality about death about living their life? Yeah. What go to Legacy of Carol. Are you leaving at the end of this podcast? Just regret nothing live fill your life with love and laughter. Don't don't go for that all-important big job with the big bucks. I won't buy you any more happiness cherish, really cherish your health really empathize with people that don't have their health. You know volunteer if you can because again that is something that you know, I've done you know, but some pieces of and again that that that's a really good feel good factor and just put yeah fill your life with laughter and love and happiness and don't don't let other people get you down like walk away from toxic people toxic situations. Don't waste a That's tough. Yeah, just I'm love love with all your heart and you get absolutely buckets. Love back. If I'm woohoo big lump with her as I am discovering myself. Yeah, love love hard. I fee Monroe and you've been listening to live like you are dying the podcast you can follow me on Instagram Twitter and Facebook and if you haven't yet then go to To your podcast app And subscribe rate and review this podcast join me next time for another inspiring interview about living like you are dying.