Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true. So hey and are I know I know you were probably like the the biggest fan boy that Dennis hasn't murdered town. So why don't you go ahead and pick up man. Yeah, I will real quick. It's probably only three things that I regret ever introducing punk rock to maybe four and as much as I love murdertown, this is definitely one of the things I'm like fuck I should have just kept that one away from him or not. Yes, you know we're glad to have you on we love it. I think the first question is just a simple kind of easy one. Give us a little background on how murder to how it came to be how you got into, you know, designing the the shirt and the gear and everything like that. Give us a little background. All right. Well, I can tell you how it all started. I mean growing up always like to like design she liked drawing shit, you know to mean I would fucking try to make my own t-shirts and shit like that. And then so I think probably five years ago or sound of 6 2014 15 something like that murdered when Wheaton Delaware. I got dubber Town USA. It was a big article and shit like that. So I'm a swing arm details. And I put one on my bike and my boys wanted they're like, hey, man, I want a fucking swing arm detail my wife. All right. Okay, I may want for their bike and then everybody want a fucking swing arm detail and said Murder Town USA. So I started making this shit total fucking details. And then I I said fuck it dude up make a t-shirt. I mean a t-shirt that I made two T-shirts and I was like, oh fuck I gotta close the line. So I got a clothesline. That's sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I don't great fucking story. But that's that's it. That is the American dream right there. You fucking on. Yeah, man, you know what all five listeners and this is all free advertising for Murder Town 2 to the 10 people that listen to this and what they want to know is so the the kind of the logo the motto of murdertown the support doing shit or might fucking kill you. Where'd that come from? Everybody loves it? Where'd it come from? Oh, man. I don't know. Well, I got the idea from you know, support stickers the the way it's set up. You know what I mean? I'm like, you know like Club support stickers type it so I had to admit that as for the model of it came from that how support doing shit that my fucking kill you. I don't know man. I think I just said it one day and you know, I was probably joking around and I just fucking said it I won't put that on a fucking shirt and then I put it on the shirt and I made Sticker and I mean, that's all from there man. I don't have yeah, I have a great fucking story. I just fucking did it. I know what you want. I just fuck it. Yeah, I just did it. So, is this your full-time job now or is this still a side gig for you guys? It's just a side thing man. I don't I don't take it like super serious. You know, I just kind of try to make some cool shit shit that I like because I I just wanted to make my own fucking shirts and one time and so I kind of do that on your own. I mean, I fucking it's a side thing. I work for Amtrak. Your enemy and my as my daily I can so there's no there's no backroom Sweatshop with all these Chinese ladies slaving over chained to their sewing machines, right? Is that what you're saying? I mean there probably is but I just want to do with that. He did say he's from Delaware. So they're probably Canadians that are chained up in there. What are some of my a lot of my to a lot of my t-shirts now are made USM trying to switch to that but definitely a lot of this shit is probably made in a sweatshop somewhere. So yeah, thanks. What are some of the you know, what are some of the next steps from murdertown? Like I've been trying to contain talk to you to come out to Mama Tried and you got you know, some great shows that go up and down the East Coast where can people start kind of expecting to see murdertown popping up at bike shows runs. Rally's things like that. So we do we do local shit here and there and one Wheaton. I know there's something coming up in Jersey. We might be there. I think it's tried and true or the common enemy common. Enemy Crews putting that on or pretty fucking solid brand. So we will either be bending there or just getting fucked up and hanging out there. So either either way it's going to be a good But we both yeah. Well, maybe both I like to see when I go to vend. I don't get to be a part of the show as much as I like to like go hang out. You know, I mean, I'm just kind of which I love bending cause I get to meet everybody you only mean I meet people that buy my shit and I think that's fucking great. But then I also want to go out walk around and I want to buy shit myself and drink beer and bullshit. So, I don't know. Maybe I'll try to find that balance. Maybe I'll do both. I don't know kind of last minute. On this indecisive person and we always at east coast and last year. I didn't bend or anything like that. It's go there hang out drink beer and fucking do burnouts. That's cool. What off I don't know man, I guess whatever I get invited to I'll try to make it if I can I can and if I can't I'll fucking go drinking do Burrows. Well, I mean, we're inviting you to Mama Tried So when is that? And man this weekend next weekend next weekend. Yeah. I don't know maybe not enough politely. No phone calls not doing that you make a lot of stuff. That's you know, kind of like, you know hitting and the Motorcycle scene and things like that like guys on bikes we like to wear it was that always kind of the demographic that you were shooting for was it just kind of like whatever and on top of that what the what are the guys that murdertown? What are they riding? All right, well, I guess I'll geared towards bikes because I've always it's always had a passion for bikes man. My old man Road my whole life. He used to build Choppers in my fucking living room. And I don't know it's been obsessed with motorcycles my whole life man. So I guess what I started coming out with a clothing line, it would just be geared towards that you know, makes sense, right? Yeah, and I know what was it. What was the second part? What are you guys right? What as a murder tell what you guys riding? All right. Well, I mean mercs house is basically just me me and my wife on the ship and then you know all my fucking homies. They support the shit out of it, dude. I couldn't fucking do it at them and put guys are fucking great, but the Ancients me and my wife running the line and I got a 99 Dinah and 72 iron in chopper. I've had for like nine years. I've done it for about six or six somewhere or something like that. I got asked a question man at that that one that you have with the Madonna the golden Freedom or what's the name of that their Liberty Liberty Womack? Okay, that one that's fucking awesome. Dude. You gotta tell us about that one. Okay, so the liberty or death one. It's actually a tattoo idea I had and and have them way to get a tattoo do to us like fucking pulling t-shirt. So it's like a statue of the Statue of Liberty meets the Virgin Mary. That's pretty fucking awesome. And she still holds his she's doing the devil horns Downs that won't warn down fucking sign. We do it just make your fingers to an end. I mean, I wouldn't yeah, I wouldn't go to sign without a gang but it's our gangs are Did I just I just want to make sure that the listeners heard that he's like I didn't have enough money for the tattoos. I just put it on a t-shirt. It doesn't get any more biker than that. Yeah. So, yeah, that's that man, you know. Did we lose them? Well, that sucks. So how was totally surrounded outnumbered one-to-one in the poontang Valley 69. The poontang Valley has two fingers in the bush. Just south of damn lie. I'm just trying to fill space man. Well, look, we we can edit this part out as soon as he calls back in. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I'm gonna edit that out Drifter. That was pretty fucking solid me being stupid so dude, you started out making stickers, right? You got these fucking you got flags. You just started you started doing trucker hats, right? Yeah. Well, I've been doing this for a while like I started in 2015, but pull up to my house. Now. I can actually sit here pay attention little bit better. All right, you know you got the you got the murder gang line. Yeah. That's just pretty fucking dope dude in my driveway. Fucking undivided. It's yo ass now punk rock. What's he gonna do that now? You gonna get out of context? What up, but yet, man, it seems like I mean, well the sea is I mean like since we've been well really since and are kind of introduced us through social media, you know, just I mean you've been coming out with a ton of new shit new designs new hats new types of hats and shit like that like seems like the the business is going pretty well man. I'm pretty happy to see that. So yeah. He definitely fit in with this podcast. So you starting in 2015, you said? Yeah. All right. I got a beer. I'm good. Now that's good. That's around the time. I think I came across your your Instagram page was around 2000. It's because I'm pretty sure I've got a picture of me wearing this shirt with me and my wife had a concert and I went back to look at it. I think it was it was either 2015 or early 2016. Almost come across a pretty early on them. That's one of our original shirts. I think that's the third one I've ever designed. Oh, yeah. I haven't printed that same thing. Oh shit see a collector item. No posers over here punk rock. I don't even think I have that. It's got sentimental value we can fit everybody. Yeah, I got everybody man. And then somebody we don't put a won't put murdertown on it because I yeah, I got two kids to man. I want my kids to where the shift but I don't want my daughter walk around with a shirt says murder on it. So yeah. Yeah, I'm a good dad. You know, whatever what? Okay. What about the rest of us? They aren't good parents. Like I would totally buy a fucking murdertown shirt like it I'll do I'll put whatever you want on the shirt bro. We had be sure to see I was pissed off because I was gonna buy him and I think it was like shortly after you and I started talking and it was it was a mansion. Sure. I think I think this is it actually. Yeah, I don't ride with tattletales. Yeah. It's like a matching shirt for like a father his son dude on a fuckhead. So the that the kid in that picture. That's my daughter sitting on her are big wheel. So, that's cool. That's cool. Yeah. It's my seven-year-old and then we'll start on all these pieces like me. From one of my favorites is the deal merits a shirt with the I don't write with snakes rats are pigs. Yeah killer I fucking love that one. Like that should be done. I'd get that shit tattoo. I got that that idea came from sticker on my dad's home when I was a kid that's fucking it always stuck with me, but that's my favorite shirt. And I think it's a lot of people's favorite shirts. That's like her number one selling shirt. And then I had a local tattoo artist draw that for me a couple few years ago. Buzz has some true that no there was the name of your little name-drop whole name-drop. Hey, you got my two favorite stickers. You got man of the the warning sticker in the stop sticker just watch out motherfuckers and it's I'm pretty sure that's tragic. Yeah, it can't be tragic. His knees aren't by his fucking ears, but The other ones Dinah doing a wheelie. This is stop riding like a bitch. Yeah like that dude. See that's just some good counterculture shit man. Like we don't see too many like there's a lot of motherfuckers that that want to like walk around, you know in 45 fucking dollar Harley shirts and you know by all these fucking these run shirts from two years ago that they never attended and also the shipment and I'm glad I mean, I'm glad to see you. Stuff like this is is catching on and it's doing well man, you know, this is the this is the community support Community. You know, you're absolutely yeah and like ideas like that like stop crying like a bitch you just it's just random shit. Like I'm fucking stuck behind a guy to fucking traffic in the traffic and I'm yelling. Stop ride like a bitch and I'm like, you know, I should probably put that on fucking sticker. I know a lot of club guys actually, you know, so first like, If you're in a club like everything in my fucking wardrobe is a club shirt like guys these guys every time I pick up the phone for the podcast. It's a you know, I've got a club shared on a club hat on. I got a club beanie on but for when I don't have that on it's nice that there's like Alternatives out there that are still that kind of cutting-edge sometimes, you know, we try to sometimes we can't wear club stuff depending on we're going and then I can you know, instead of that I can wear the, you know, the ski mask here with the baseball bats, you know anything. Are you wearing an actual? G mask when you go or is it like the T-shirt of the scheming that's a good idea. Dad and growing up around bikes and stuff like that. Did he have you kind of like growing up in and around like you don't have to name drop or anything like that, but like around the club scene and and she liked that too. Yeah, he was in a club when I was a kid and I would go to on the bench with him, you know different bike weeks shit like that. And then when I was real young I would jump on bikes like I'd write on the back of his bike and then whoever would let you know me an eight-year-old fuck a little boy like come on man. Get on your bike and ride. You in your fucking bike. I would jump on that bike and ride until I got tired of that one and try it right into another one and my sister little sister would do the same shit man. And that's cold. We're going camping trips and shit like that. It was it was fucking cool man, but you guys go on camping trips on the back of the bike and stuff. Yes. Yeah. It was cool man. Then I got old enough to throw dirt bikes a lot. And then she was like old enough to ride a bike. I got one in the garage. Are your kids in the bike the same way like get on the back of Dad's bike and then stuff like that. Well, yeah, there were other seven and nine. I saw I saw you guys post about that to a little girl on the back of that bike the one of the wheelie now, I was like, yeah, it was a crotch rocket a little girl like oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I think I would wait till my daughter's a little older, you know take her on main roads and shit like that man, but I do take a run a neighborhood will get like ice cream locally or I'm like that my oldest but they both ride. They have dirt bikes my oldest been riding since she was for a dirt bike with training wheels on it. So yeah, they both ride and they're both into it. They're right on top starts man wrench a little bit with me too, which is cool. So I'm they're probably trying to go do something Church probably try to get the fuck out my garage, but I get them to turn a couple ranches here and they're like, all right, Dad. I'll see you. So hey, do you see this becoming like a fool? I'm thinking one day. Are you just want to keep it like it is man. I think I think I want to keep it what it is man. Honestly, it does take a lot of work. I mean what I do now, it's it's it's some work and there's guys that really fucking that take it all away. I mean, like if you can see the brands that have started like I'll named uh named one like like Matt Moto from Rebel Reaper dude, he fucking he started and he started in his Fucking garage dude, and he goes he goes hard. He fucking does it dude and I mean you can do that it take you got to put that fucking work in and I'll be honestly I like to have fun with it. You know, I mean, I like it right where it's at. I'm happy with it. Oh right on imagine you don't mean so you you don't do your own screen printing then right? You have someone else? No, I actually bought I bought everything to do it and I had a homie wire a fucking heater up in my basement and it's set in my basement for a year and I just sold it. So yeah, I've got one of my brother's does a lot of screen printing for all the club merchandise for all the chapters and I've seen Go down, and I'm like that doesn't look fun at all. That looks like fucking slave labor. So that's awful fucking work. Yeah, everyone except someone else do it man. I was I like this all I didn't have a phone with it fucking selling it going out and meet people and shit like a time not. All right, sweetheart friend all that shit. Yeah, how often you get jammed up and be like, hey man, how can I get a can I get a free shirt? Can I get a free hat from people? Oh my god, dude. Yeah, but everywhere you go. I mean I I get messages and like you know, when I first started I throw some guys should here and there and they would post some pictures of which was cool. I appreciate that. But like I mean I get fucking like weekly like, oh man, you know, you're fucking brand is cool. I love it. Yo, can you send me some shit? I'll wear it and I'm like, well, you know, you could buy and you can wear for anyone listening if you really want to support people. Bye. Shit, don't ask for a free shit. I never understood that guys have businesses and and guys like, you know, we had Jace Jace from Fast Life long ago and he was talking about guys that are doing what you're seeing in their product their riding bikes. They're working on bikes, you know, and here you are young you make it t-shirts on you know, and all this stuff and guys are hit them up. Like can I get something for free? They how you liking to talk about support anything when you asked him to do do I get his work for free? Yeah. Yeah, not just the work but the actual shirt it's self cost money all this shit cost money. Yeah, I gotta pay for that shit. Yeah, I'll send like if someone's having an event or local like we just had a local skatepark like kids writes my daughter's Ride Scooters and shit there and so I don't need a basket for that local shit trying to raise money different light show like different shows will hit me up. Like I was trying to fucking do they have a giveaway. I'm like a fucking film a couple shirts. That's cool. You know, I could support that shit. Wait a minute see I mean you support your fucking Community with your brand is what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah a couple of years ago. We me and another Skate brand actually we got together and we put on a big bike show which actually is fucking great turnout and fucking hop like magazine shared it on her Instagram and that just that fucking really blew up after their I thought that was fucking great and raised points of bunch of money for the skate park and yeah Choppers diners fucking hot rods cars. Everybody kisses it was fucking at a skate park sort of skateboarders their skate and shit like that. It was a great turnout man. I like I like to do something like that again. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's what's up and see that's the like tragic product. Like I got I got a bunch of family member is a bunch. I've got a couple of family members that are tattoo artists and you know, I got a lot of respect for Dennis, you know, like with our with our little interactions and shit like that and especially all the fucking gifts. This motherfucker was sending me about 45 minutes. To go and fucking dying at the dinner table not kidding not being able to get a shit to work. But all dude got a lot of friends in small business and it's just aggravating that motherfuckers are just like oh, well, you're small, you know, 25 bucks Really Gonna Hurt you like you can give me a shirt, right? You know, it's just like that's not that's not how you support your local. But I'm sure these are the same motherfuckers that want to run around all supports local. Yeah. So what's new what's coming out next? What's coming up next come out with I'll just I'll be influenced by song or just talking to somebody or thinking I'll just start making lists. So I got a whole list of shit actually put check marks next to them which ones I like the most so you never know man. Like I'll go through it. I'll look at it and I'll start sketching a little bit. It's like With something. I like I'll fucking run with it if I'm feeling it I will and if I don't I just know I'll fucking might not come out with something for a month. I'm like come out with for fucking for things in one month, you know to me. I really have scheduled to it was kind of just do it right on. Well, I'm sure if you make monsters to say and ours down with Murder Town and send them to a hill sign them for you and you can sell them for for a little bit more bucks. You know, when we when we advertise or talked about murder town and Dennis coming on the podcast out. I try to tell people if you hit him up and tell him he'll give you he'll increase your price by 5% If you Tom and arts link added to your bill. I don't know if that worked or not. No you guys did share the love that week. I remember that it was mine where I was like just been on a you know, not I don't wanna say to anti-cop tangent lately, but it's been Source of inspiration lately for some of my articles posted that one and also people like Hey, where's I got fuck? I thought everybody knew murdertown was yeah. Yeah. Well, we're just trying to bring awareness to the 80,000 followers on who murdered town as that's our part that we can do, but I'm also shocked at that tragic is a Mongol would not like the cops. They really love me. So much. They've just got to pull you over to have a conversation. Uh, that's not the sidebar. But you know one of our bars that we go to just got threatened to not let us in any more with our patches. So that's like a whole new thing literally just happened yesterday and my God fuck. Well there goes my UFC 248 plans for this weekend. Yeah standard operating procedure here in Virginia. They'll get the ABC guys to come out to the bars and threaten their license. Yeah. Colors, they said oh we're going to bring that. We're going to start bringing the drug dogs through every Friday and Saturday night. It's you know, I'd be really disappointed in the worst fucking ones are the ones that fucking dress up like like hers on the weekends and then harass them during the week. You know what I mean? Like they want to fight. It's like they want to play fucking badass Outlaw with a get-out-of-jail-free card. I think that's fucking corn. We were just talking about this. Yeah fucking I hate them. I wrote about this club that he have popped up out of nowhere and I was like for sure these guys are cops man. They're fucking aside even sent and are in the guys the pictures of months back and I was like you guys ever heard of these guys and they said no and and O's phrases like looks like cops are those fucking pants? We do those tactical boots. Like no like well Dad. Okay is exactly the 5-11 jeans and all that shit and cherish it. You know, I asked him when they said, you know, a thumbs could fucking throw it out till I get my niggas cops, like what? Bo are you guys fucking mean I guess just like cops look like cops you bugging you in a pop-up club that showed up out of nowhere like cops and they're like, we don't ask. What do you mean, you know ask we don't ask our members if they used to be law enforcement. I didn't you just tell me five seconds ago that it was six-year childhood friends. You didn't notice of one of them was accidentally a fucking cop. Yeah. That's like the don't ask don't tell rule like if you're gay or if you're a cop. It was like a Thin Blue Line shit on it. It's just like this is how women cry to tell other women her husband beats or something like that. Yeah, it's the silent call for help. Yeah, some of the pigs snakes and the Blue Knights or something like that. I would pay money to be there get that pig is that pigs weren't a constable hat right I've had on there all we got to make them buy them first that's going I'll pay if that's Chris their fucking going. I will pay you know, what I'll split that with I'll split that with and are that's real good. I like it a lot. We gotta get beat up to have a reaction cam. Or somewhere. I just to see the fucking look on the face. You you need you to go drop it off man. No fuck off because you blend in so well, yeah, it's real clean shaven real short kind of stocky, you know. Yeah, that's that's definitely tragic. Hey, do you practice to get back to to promoting the brand a little bit? Um, we're all kind of talking about our favorite shirts and shit to tell us how that kind of the Wu-Tang collaboration. How did that come to be? It was that just like another one of those In any truck listen to the radio, I'm going to fucking make a t-shirt out of this. That's it. That's it. God damn it. You just totally stole his story man. He was had this big long story and you just spilled it. All right there. I was waiting to hear about how he was hanging out with the Riza or fucking something like that and and I just comes in and just fucking well, they're probably give me a cease and desist fucking letter from it. So yeah. It has nothing to do with Wu-Tang Clan. Thank you available for like people like rent you and take you to Vegas because you stumble into more good shit. Then people can fuck up. I was always the kid and fucking school sketching all over his tests out of fucking finishing it. You know what I mean? I just felt like I had a bunch of ideas. I just wanted to get out. I think this motherfucker has been more accidentally successful than I have working at it I think Myself probably successful like with what I do for work and where I'm at and how long I've been doing it like I consider myself mildly successful. This was just like rat fuck it. That's kind of cool. I guess we'll just fucking throw that at the wall and see if it sticks. I don't think anything's not stuck to the wall That's the trickiest. I kind of just do it. You don't give a fuck you do because it's like for me I still even though it's a little bit different for you know, I personally responsible for a lot of my my chapter in my club for our support gear, you know income. Man up there and I don't have a fucking artistic body in my bone man. I don't know shit about shit when it comes to that and the constantly, you know got I got a brother, you know will kind of come up with some designs who I love that brother, but he'll like he'll I do like half a design to be like here you go. You can use that fucking anything about that. Like I'm not a draw to know how to do any of that. So, do you have you ever feel like pressure to keep coming up with like fresh new designs and all that house man seok I was man, I feel like you know, I haven't come up with something to while I should probably come out with something but uh, I try to remind myself many. I'm fucking doing it for fun. You know just it's a fun thing. I'm gonna keep it like that and but I do try to keep her fresh to you know, it is because you definitely got a decent following to man, you know, it's like you got people that are like loyal to Dixon flannel, you know, and I think I think you got the same thing going on with with your line for Counter Culture because like dude, it's funny right like your shit's funny. It's cool. It looks good, you know, so I'm going to see why people have that following for you, you know, yeah. Yeah. I got a lot of cool followers main like they kind of have a lot of the same views on should I put out I don't really get on a soapbox much and preach on my page like a couple things here and there but I just keep it to the point man, I think. A lot of people. I think I have the same fucking ideas and should visions and whatnot that I do. So, I think we connect without some kind of basis. Well, I think it sounds like tragic and his brothers my try to hire you to make some support here. Sure. Instagram thing, you know was sketchy River for a while. We're doing all these t-shirt companies are popping out for a while and I got ripped off by one company that like took order for like six seven shirts that I ordered a bunch of them and then that company like just disappeared, you know, I just pasted gone and then they opened up later as another page another company and I was like, I got the message in there and I sent them was like did you guys used to be this company and fucking blocked, you know, so so it's cool to see like a company has been around you now been around for You know five years now, right? Yeah. Yeah five years old and still still coming out with edgy shit stuff shit. I mean even that font you use on your hat. So that finds fucking tough as fuck. That was all that was drawn to by the same guy that true Archer shirt snakes rats pigs. Oh, yeah. No. No, I like the black on black one. I'm probably gonna be one of those here shortly. Yeah. It's my favorite one. I wear that fucking everywhere. I couldn't imagine why you would order a black on black one. That's so fuckin Paulie where black black and with white fucking It's you know, I really don't think Cole. Yeah real quick. What's the I know that's that people can pick up some of your get your guys stuff not just online to but they can go into a tattoo shop and pick up some new shirts and stuff like that to what's the give a plug to that to the tattoo shop. That's all Malarkey tattoo shop. It's on Route 40 it since in Delaware. But yeah, that's there. He's got he's got he sometimes yes hats. I think he sold out right now, but I know he's got a bunch of t-shirts and they did some solid tattoo work. So you definitely got to fucking go in there check them guys out and yeah any plans to expand into some more tattoo shops or businesses up and down the East Coast or anywhere else, but I'll be cool. I wouldn't be opposed to that. I have had dealerships. Hit me up asking if I would sell shit in there. I thought that I'd be pretty cool like Harley dealership. Yeah, I think a dealership from fucking Calif somewhere California fucking hit me up and ask me. Yeah, one of Riverside. Does that frequently was like independent guys? Yeah, that's right. Just now. How does that work like this Harley getting like a portion of whatever you're making or like, I mean, is it a contract? I didn't I didn't go through with it. You know what? I mean? What so I don't know how that works. And what was going to happen. They're going to pay this man $25 for a shirt. Shirt and then they're going to sell it for 60 you want this fucking t-shirt? The cost is eight cents to make sweet that will be eighty six dollars in your first born and that's what I'm thankful for companies like murder tongue because I don't I think I have like two Harley shirts and they were given to me like as gifts like, oh, you know, I'm not trying to spend 60 bucks for a t-shirt for a brand. I'd rather I'd rather wear a badass logo and fucking support a guy. Who's Local and riding and out there ripping it up on the diner. Then some fat-cat, you know fucking Corporation, you know, yes the like still in the community, you know, like still doing it with all of us and yeah, we got you we got you but um, yeah like still out there in the in the community like doing shit hanging out with the people and you know, like I don't think it's, you know changed you at all. You know, I'm saying like you're still get up go to work go fucking smash couple beers. With the boys, you know, it's not like oh, I can't fucking hang out with these Dinah bros anymore I have nothing to do is you put your monocle in and fuck off. Okay. Yeah. I haven't even got rich off anything yet. So I don't think I had a chance to become a piece of shit. I don't think I will. Well don't worry. We with our followers. We're going to bring you to at least eight more people. Fuck that least like at least two orders at least two or now. They're gonna like this guy's a fucking toll fuck this guy. No, I think he's Into orders because I know I like I'm looking at him on his phone right now, and I'm also on your website so we got busted. I see you guys and you guys asked about the bikes. I know nobody listening can see but there's the art and Chopper over you can see it getting it. There's the dotted line. They should I go back to you gotta sell t-shirts just to pay for those tools. Yeah all Harbor Freight. Yes. He says that he's garage, but he's still making payment on those tools. This is actually all I could afford is just this garage. He's actually got popped up on his bed. He got that I got that iron head man. Like I said, I had it for a while and I lived in my house for about 5 years now before that the trailer and I fucking put that fucking thing. They gather around the front porch of the trailer. So proud of that fucking shit. Oh, that's what's up, man. Is there a Murder Town sticker anywhere on this on the Iron Head? Yeah. Yeah, actually, it's a perfect if a Doctor, dr. Kevorkian fucking Death Wish Bartertown sticker goes Frank you guys did the the collaboration with death wish to right? Yeah. Yeah with Jeremy is the solid dude. That's cool Brands. Oh, definitely. Yeah. Yeah, I mean and that's that's cool. Like, you know, I like to promote businesses and I think we all do like like there's there's there's this kind of this community that that that punk rock it on and you guys are kind of like an example of it like you talk about name-dropping, you know, Common enemies and Death Wish and these guys that really, you know, you're you want to Market you want to sell your stuff you want to make money, but at the same time like you there's not a hating bone in the body with these guys like you're just trying to to see each other successful and I think that's that's different. It's refreshing. Yeah, you're right man. I just cool. I do realize that often working with other clothing companies like nobody's trying to fucking beat anybody. You know what I mean? Like, I mean, yeah, we're all want to sell we want people to buy our shit. But I mean if you don't want to don't like my shit gonna go check the fucking Jeremy or death. We're sure you know, like I said common enemy or whoever you are and whatever you're into I want to see them guys fucking went to it solves everybody's in it for the same reason. I mean if they're cool peoples in there, they got a dope brand and you know, I mean, they're fucking they're really important. Porter part of the culture and yeah, fuck you had your support that shit. Yeah and common enemies death wish you you know, they're kind of they they sponsored shows and they're kind of big into that scene and stuff like that and then you know, I like we talked a little bit earlier. It'd be great to see if Murder Town wants to Branch out into some of that to you. I know you said you do a little bit locally and stuff like that, but I think they said it's just great to see these different businesses and it's not just those three but different businesses in kind of the motorcycle culture Arena, you know, getting along and promote and shit. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, I did. - what's your idea? Donna - oh, yeah. Yeah, I did. That was that Massachusetts is there's a couple of my there's one Audi on the east coast is one down south to there that didn't death wish to 1 then the North Carolina or some shit. Maybe I don't know but I do know I was at Massachusetts. I think that message I think it was Massachusetts a few years ago the dotted a show. I we set up We've Ended there and I was fucking cool man. There's a lot Cool Brands out there to fucking are purpose-built was out there John evil. He was out. There is a cool dude fucking Lane Splitter on him guys, right there man was cold, but I'd everyone said I had a fuck it accent man, and I swear to God they had the fucking accent. You read the fucking card from Boston this I don't know if it was cut that out. This is a long say man is like oh, you know what? From your homie Twigs. Yeah Twigs. He did a That's the older shirt. What did you see that at on the website on your motherfucking website, bro says coming soon. Oh, yeah up man. I wrote that shit like six months ago when I was yes, I'm calling dibs on all trying to do we so we did it like a year and a half ago Twigs. He works out of G-spot. Tattoo artists over there stay and I yeah, he drew that skull up for me. We threw it together and it was pretty dark shirt, man. We sold a lot. So a lot of them locally we had an event but I do want to re-release it and making available. Well when you do fucking the hit me up because I got dibs on two of them. All right? Yeah, and then we did the support three of them. I need one in like a like a king size bed sheet for a tragic. I'm a sign it. Right now I'ma like autograph hit and I'm a fucking right like to do my biggest fan underline the biggest part because he's literally like the biggest motherfucker I've ever met in my life. Is he really sick 7z that's all no seven six seven six seven six seven. Oh four. I know he doesn't look like a just sitting down there right? I mean but yet his his beard is 5 feet long like you don't get stuck in. Anyways, man, so a Dennis you got you got any parting words for us today, bro. Um, I don't think so man. I appreciate you guys. Hit me up and having me on here shit. I wish I was more interesting to talk to but we wish we were more interesting to yeah, I think I think half the time you guys got me. Well, you'll find out tomorrow. Well, yeah, you want to let any listeners know that are coming up and he any plans or anything to keep an eye out for we're definitely gonna be at the tried-and-true show the kind of common enemies put it on. It's in New Jersey. I'll either be their vending or sponsoring or hanging out. But if I'm not bending this me plenty of fucking cool shit there so definitely come back to that. We're just going to keep fucking put The same, you know steamship we've been fucking doing and I'll probably come out with a bunch of new shit this year. Oh and yeah, we're doing custom fast. Now Leathers fucking loves. I'm getting all that we're working on a new website. So little better than what we got. Now some reason you want to throw something in on those vests that he mentioned guys check those the fuck out. They're not stupid fucking expensive, you know, Dennis and I were talking about Me possibly buying one. He said with minor alt and correct me if I'm wrong. Then as you said with with minor alterations the price is still going to be about 250, right? Yeah. Yeah, the one I have on there now. It's like it's down on them and has all the leather accents. I think that's going for 240 on there. So, you know, the more you have done to it the more it's going to cost but I will be around there. You know, I mean, I'll probably be under 3 we're going to try to make it affordable. You know what I mean? That's the male you mentioned gloves to and and so bad. These riding gloves. Are there going to be be either gonna be like leather riding gloves when you see like designs on them, like like kind of back that MX kind of dirt bike type stuff, but what kind of gloves are going to put now so I want a leather gloves right now. I would like to get into the like the dirt bike MX looking, you know want to designs on them just because they're cool people fucking think that shit. But uh, definitely leather first you want to meet you going to see that first because I think that's more of what you need and I mean fucking leather gloves. Doing that weather gets cold. You do need those leather gloves. Yeah. Yeah, you fucking Northerners. You guys get real cold tragic. I start shivering around, you know, 45 degrees and one more time for the listeners to let him know like if they see something on the website like you told us man and they want to a patch on a shirt you'll fucking so that shit on there for when I make a sale and if fuck it, we'll make it happen man. If you gave you were fucking you sure you want to stick a Patch on a fucking hat some underwear or whatever you want. You know, I make it happen. Hell. Yeah. I know. I'm definitely gonna forget him. Please don't send him your underwear. I'm just going to put them in a box. It might not get them back. That's the welding cap. Yeah, so hey and we do appreciate you time Dennis for everybody listening. Go check it out man Murder Town USA, you know, it's dope shit its quality and its affordable and I think that's one of the big things to touch on too is that he's not out here, you know trying to make a living off of it. He's not making it fucking he's not ripping people off. He's just doing it because he thinks it's fucking dope and he wants to share his Arts his Artistry and his his path. Passion with the community, you know so fucking support that, you know, don't give a fucking dick and hit him up a goddamn Instagram and be like, yo fucking I heard you're giving away shit. No, that's to do that. Not everybody else. All right. So look at it this way. You'd save a lot more getting, you know three of his shirts any one piece of shit Harley shirt way cooler, and if you want to send money to donate to the Blue Knights fun that we're going to send some shirts to you know, so pretty. Yeah, SF is as follow non, just like like punk rock submit. Thank you so much for being on the show. We were fans and we appreciate it. Yeah, man, I mean it would be super cool if you want some mama tried, but I mean, I understand if you don't want to be, you know, cool and hang out with your friends, but that's fine. So thanks for once again, Dennis. Thanks for coming on tragic things for now. I'm fucking reach to the computer and palming my face. Like I've been promised. We don't know what the fuck we doing next week guys or next time. Oh, you know what? We're probably going to be skipping next week. I am heading up to Wisconsin to go to Mama Tried So we're going to be taking a lot of pictures. Hopefully interviewing some Racers some Builders Merchants, you know, we're just going to be up there. Just having a good time. Well, I'm going to be having a good time and are probably going to end. Taking care of me because I'm going to get fucking sideways. And yeah, so we're probably going to be skipping next week just just as a heads up or it might be like later in the weekend when we're fucking hammered and but hey guys will do vodka following week. I'm going up to Oregon. So let's see. Let's work it out. Yeah. Well if you swing through well now that I know it murdered Town stands for because I just thought it was a cool fucking brand name. Yeah, right West Coast Live Well it is it is but that's that's where it came from you. I mean, that's what that's what inspired it is wearing her created from yeah. Oh, yeah, so awesome. Well, hey, thanks again, man. Thank you. Thanks everybody for listening and keep fucking shiny side up.