Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know About all the the cells and Ian and CMOS and all that stuff too. So many no Shadows to see Monty, you know, everybody's drinking at now, you know, right. I'm just so popular right now by me the medicinal benefits or abundance 96 minerals in it. It's really good. Yeah. So tell me about your journey. Like how did you get to where you at today? Like the struggle? I want to know like like the struggles and the beauty of it. It and you know at first is not beauty is like sadness but yeah, um notice how to take the deep breath for that one. Oh shit. Yeah my journey, I would say my first pivotal shift will my first time really experiencing anything. I would call spiritual was when I first met at a time when I was 16, and it was it was after learning what chakras were from Avatar The Last Airbender After that, I was like chakras are those real and I start looking into it. There was like that chakra test online that everybody be taking I like it is. Yeah. It's almost like on eclectic energies.com. And then you just answer a series of questions and they kind of tell you where your chakras are at if it's overact the balance or underactive and at the time my root chakra was really under active out of all my chakras and starts there. You ready? No, that's what I'm that's what always hmm. So I was meditating with the Bija Mantra, which is the seed sound of the of the root, which I can't remember the time right now, but it was a powerful experience because it was my first time having like an emotional Purge and release. So I was just sitting there repeating this Mantra and or the sound and I could feel this energy rising from the bottom of my body up to the top for me to feel it like feeling it passed through my heart and crying like hysterically crying in my room trying to be quiet. Because you know crying and crying in the house is taboo. So I was kind of your client about you look into a pillowcase. I want nobody to hear but it was so beautiful. Um, I can't see that. You know, I'm not gonna sit here and say that I was always meditating since then but that was my first experience your first experience unity and in after that, what did you do? Like, how did you get into yoga? And yes, I've seen your Instagram girl. Yeah. Oh man Shadow see yoga. Right because you know, it's been a it's been ushering in a really huge shift in terms of the collective feel like a lot of people have awakened because of yoga and and the energetics the energetic work that is actually happened behind the scenes when you're when you're going through these poses. It's not just like helping your physical body, but it's also helping helping your energy body helping this stagnated energy to move and flow so that way we could really be a spirit and expression and spirited movement. Right and my first joke yoga experience actually start on YouTube. Because I was experiencing a lot of weird like health issues at a really young age. I would say like 18 19 when I graduated but the good people always go through health issues, right but we go through it so we could be able to talk about what we went through. So I understand it but it's like damn I think these people walking around that really don't care about life. Yeah, you know, I knew that I had to care because it was like it was a persistent like chronic pains that I was feeling and I was experiencing. So I first started we're like lower back issues and I knew like Like you know what? Let me just check out what stretches I can do my own I YouTube Sorry yoga like that and my practice became more frequent and more consistent when I was going through like a dark night of the Soul when I was in college and that was a that was a precipice of my Awakening I was saying because I was going through, you know heartbreak the usually the good the good women always go through and we have to we have to you know have any heart rate. It's like I've been saying for like two years. Going on three years and it's like I just can't find that person that I can match with. It's just like so hard out here and dry right? Wait. I feel like that that like that also contributes to like lack mentality, you know, like I feel like there's so much so many beautiful people out here because we are all one so being able to observe the self through another it's like damn you're so beautiful because I see myself to you and I see like your light being reflected and it's Eautiful. So when we're opening ourselves up to really viewing people in that perspective is healing is healing for the collective is healing for ourselves into individual retailing for everyone. But go back to yoga. A lot of people don't believe that energy is real energy and you don't like people be looking at you sofa with you when I talk about energy, it's two things that we was born with and no one can take from us love and energy. Mmm. Those are the two things that we was born with and energy is real like I can See a person down the block but I Spirit met each other already. Yeah, you know and the spirit Rome. Yeah, but yeah, it's so yeah crazy. Yeah, cuz when I first met you it was like we knew each other already. Yeah, you know, I thought I saw you. I saw you were all three eyes and I was like, oh my God, you just came to me. It was just like I gravitated. Yeah, it was so fast. You just came to me and I was like, wow, you know like sometimes you don't know how powerful you are until other people. I'll let you know like how your order is and stuff like yeah. Yeah, you were like one of the first people to tell me like you're good with children. Yes. Yes. Yeah. So do you still work with children? Yeah, I do. It's crazy actually just went back to one of the first agencies I worked with and returning is like a whole different is so different because I feel like I've grown so much I've matured so much for in my in my experience as a Youth Development specialist in a childcare worker where I started when I was 18, I mean I just 26 in January really? Yeah, but you look like you've got the import. I'm still 18 Forever 21. So like in the development of of my skill set and just my expansion as a person not even just as like they got mango limited to like as a childcare worker but as a person it's been easier to hold space for kids because I know that I've been tending to my inner child. So I'm going to treat these kids the way that I've been treating my inner child, right? So and I feel like that's where where a lot of us can go wrong when we become parents and I'm not a pair of myself, but I've seen it, you know, I've observed it and I don't say nothing because I don't say more than I feel like I need to write because I feel like everybody should be subject to those experiences. I'm not going to tell you I'm not gonna dictate your experience as a parent right? But I do I do observe patterns and I'm very very observant. Right and a lot of people have to break cycles and that's what parents don't understand. I'm not a parent but my nieces and my nephew's they like my own they think I'm their mother anyway, yeah, but it's like cycles and patterns. You have to break and a lot of parents don't pay attention because they just think because they small that's where they are most vulnerable is when they small eggs paying attention to everything watching everything. You can teach them anything they pick up so quick. So just because they are little adults I call them little Adele. That's what they are. Yes little adults. They you need to like take care of them. Yeah. I was actually I was actually reading in a book it was it was specifically about chakras but like from from conception life from birth up until the age of Evan is the most pivotal for a child Spiritual Development because every sensitive yeah exactly for each respective year starting from age 1 H 1 is where they developed the room H2 is the sacral chakra and then you go up to the solar plexus and so on and so forth and when it hit H7, that's where they become more cognizant and that's why they become more independent and they start questioning things. Yes. I was I was just babysitting a girl who I used to be. I used to babysit her when she was 4 and I hadn't seen her in a while. Her parents called me back because they know they're familiar with me. They needed a sitter for the weekend. She's Eight now when I tell you I have the hardest Time Babysitting her a really why because she was challenging. I know what that's like girl if you don't but I was like, you know, and it was teaching me a lot of patience and it was bringing that out of me because it's people don't realize that we be trying to teach children but children teach us more. Oh my God, it's like they started in a parent's now ya know they really are. Yes. I was running this summer. I was last summer. I was running I'm jogging with my niece, right? I didn't think that she really wanted to do it with me because you know, how kids is they being a whole world? So we jogging jogging and she was like, yes, Auntie let's go and jogging exercise. I was like why why do we need to ask why she was like because it gives you energy and make you more powerful and strong. I was like, okay. Yes. They are so smart. I love kids. I love kids and older people older. Yeah, Grandmom's they're very similar and they have stories a lot of stories to tell and the stories and the stories. So what do you insecure about right now that you're working on? Oh my God tapping it already. Hey, well, I guess my insecurities lays within actually just posted on Instagram. So I was just telling you at least within my My-my-my rootedness of security and making moves. I want to be able to travel more and be confident about it. So I know that's like all lower chakra energy likes it like solar plexus having that confidence and then having the route to really just do it and feel secure and safe within those movements, but you just went on vacation with your family, right? But it was a vacation with my family, but you want to go by yourself because I travel a lot by myself. Yeah. So like I mean, I've occasionally group healing it was very real healing because they, you know, the route has to deal with security. Family, right and traveling with my family was a blessing it was it was beautiful. I got to connect with my extended family. My cousin's my little cousins my older cousin how long he was there for I was there. Um, I was there for she's like two little less than two weeks, but actually my own bag Spirits telling me it's very telling me to go get out of back soon. Yeah. I'm hoping within the next couple of years in manifest and it aligns I have plans and intentions of doing like, um Environmental Well Rehabilitation, have you been staying home like to yourself a lot? Yeah, you stop it. That's I can surprising if you but you need to stop it. I know because once you break out you going to start traveling a lot this year. I feel that I feel that I feel like it's like the Turning of the seasons. I'm still in this period of quiet and just station. I feel like you know, I move with the season. So we're still in Winter right now and we are in Pisces season with Mercury retrograde and that's been bringing up a lot of lessons for me. As I was about to actually that girl have like what's going on with that with you? Like I've been feeling I was emotionally I'm gonna hold you. I'm super my bag in there. But being in the back of the place the best place to make the bed and that's that's super cat for used a well. But um, yeah had a lot of things happen. Um, just internally had a had a friend passed away like last week. Oh, yeah, so that on Instagram he was sick. He was yeah he passed from cancer. And real pure Spirit, you know, so just having this different different perspective and over standing of life and energy and knowing that you know, the soul is eternal. I didn't grieve as much as I did in past situations where I had with you best friend. Yeah. You can't remember with your best friend. Yeah. So I you know grief grief and I are not we're not new. We're not strangers at home. So going through that was like it was a celebration of his Liberation from him from this Earthly experience. Yeah, I'm well, I get why people get sad because you're not going to see that person anymore. But they going to a better place. They don't really have to struggle like that. We are struck down here and it's like when I think about it, it's like yo, I just I just got a new one on my on my spirit team you feel me? And I have one on the other side who found wants a battle with me when the chicks try to throw shit at me and I feel protected every day, right? I feel protected every day. So I give thanks to that and to those people who you know that these people were close to me. Who passed have open my eyes and have catalyzed a lot of spiritual growth Within Myself whether it be because I'm a tapping into into their energy and like, you know, they're channeling through me or I just literally can feel their presence because of my sensitivity. It's just been it's been a it's been a blessing in disguise and all our people be grieving and they go through that but grief and love or like they go hand-in-hand. You can't live with one without the other. Yeah, so that's just like bad and good. Hate and you know, it just has to be there for everything to be balanced. We need balancing and this room. We have a balanced. Yeah, because I know I've been I was going through a lot of introspection last year where I was realizing on a deeper level that there's no such thing as good or bad experiences. It's just an experience. Yes, and you just have to push through it. You have to find a way to push through it. You could get get AIDS like my cousin passed away from Cancer but he had other things going on and he didn't tell anybody that he had other things going on, but I felt from me looking at his picture. I was like, I know that's something else is going on with him, but he's not saying it and I think the reason why that he passed so fast when he got cancer is because he didn't talk about the other problem that he had before the cancer came. So that made him depressed even more and made him go into like a shell. So when You're depressed. You really make yourself sicker than what kind of people realized. I don't know and it's just there's so it's all tied in together your physical health your mental health your spiritual health. Yes, it's all interconnected. But the question is is really big. Yeah guy go through it what three times? But yeah, I do. Yeah, it's terrible. Yeah Cycles. Yeah, everyone goes through it, but it's just how you handle it. Don't let it handle you you handle it. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I had a had a shift in perspective. Where a soldier Do instead of calling it and instead of claiming that she was depressed. She said that she called it a deep rest. Hmm and I was like, wow, she's in my whole perspective. It's true. I felt I did you just sit in it. Yeah you seen any but that's necessary. You don't have to do that. You have to go through that. Yeah, you know, I feel like my cycles of the prussians were because you know as a Capricorn super freaking Capricorn and like I got my sun and moon in Capricorn if I plan it really oh so you all the way I'm gonna go to bed. I don't know how to so sometimes and it's like I try to cover my my feelings will work. So I'll do that thing. I'll do that Capricorn thing while overworked myself to focus until my body starts to deteriorate. I had went through like peers of being really sick last year because I was trying to cover up my my healing process from my last relationship by just going to work. I was literally working five jobs. Are you kidding me? Right? I was making bank V damn job. Like how you sleeping? Um, I'm not sure I was I feel like one long as dream like seriously I did to last year and I was like, I felt like a fucking robot. I was like, yeah, I don't think that I would ever do this again. But if I have to do it, I would yeah, but I did too and I was like God damn I'm not getting no sleep. Yeah, and it wasn't until um, you know, the Divine had to step in. Mine had to step in. Oh, yes, they know when to step they know you like who's the fucking boss? I'm the boss. And this is what you're going to do. Yeah, because I've been getting messages of like you need to rest and you not change because my version of rest was like, all right, I'm gonna take a bath and I'm good, but it's like not you need to be like really rest. You need to be in that deep, right? So they push me into like a period of depression where I was just like I'm going through it. I was going through the motions. I was going through all of it and my wake-up call was like when I was, you know, as a Reiki practitioner, I will have clients and stuff and sometimes I bought her so I linked up with one of my home. Knees and we didn't exchange and I was trying to do Reiki on him and I couldn't Channel you could enchant them China because you have to make sure that you keep yourself clean. Yeah, absolutely and that's spiritual hygiene and maintenance and the vibration have to be high your vibration have to be high enough for you to like even tap in and work with your spirits up exactly why I changed my hand was a high frequencies. Ask her if she changed her name. Okay. I see you coming through girl. Yeah, you know it was funny because it's just like, you know, I just changed it on a whim it was like, you know, I had the idea and I changed and I was like nah, this really makes sense because of the work that I do and I really be high as shit most of the time it's nothing wrong with that because it when you when you watch videos of other people practicing what we practice Yeah, they A high and you just Channel better? I don't smoke. Mmm. I really I barely drink. Yeah, I don't drink no more either. Yeah, I barely drink and that's like if I go out and it's only two drinks that I yeah, that's a limit. Yeah, that's the limit for me. So it's like I understand and they loves, you know, the universe loves smoke. It's just different things that you have to give them coffee smell offerings. Yeah. Yeah, you have to give them what they like some of them like candy fruits. I've been learning more. About intentional offerings, you know, I didn't start working with my ancestors and so like this past year. Oh, really? No, I didn't because I'm first I'm first generation American and I was born and raised in New York city. So I'm oh gee. Oh right like so going back to the Philippines in this last January was really healing and it was really eye-opening and it kind of solidified. I do want to go back. I want to go not back. I never been but I do want to go to Philippines. So if you go this year, okay, you have somebody to travel with Okay it she will get Squad going over there so we can just help rehabilitate the land and you know, give a nice Mother Earth Brite is so much stuff that you can learn there so much herbs different herbs. And yeah, they got they got they got a lot going on over there and I gotta coconuts off the tree. I was just living climb the tree did you try not but I but I swam in the ocean and I will see you in like fish in the coral reefs and stuff. Yeah, you know the water have a lot of self people don't believe that when I be like this water tastes. I don't like the taste of this water water happens. It does add these the cells is is like alive. Yeah, and people don't realize that water can cure every disease, but that's why they mess with the water because they know how powerful it is. So when you go on vacation is just a different the the ocean is different. The sea is different healing it's healing healing here is healing too but not as my Rockaway Beach. I don't know how I feel about like use tampons being healing. I don't go in the water. No hell. No. No, I I would just wet my feet but that's it. But when I go travel, I'm in that water all the time because my family is from Grenada the beach. It's like not even across the street right? Where you at? Yeah, right where you at right here. Yeah enclosures that so I just have to open up the gate and go there and I had an amazing time. I stayed a whole month there and I did not want to come back. So I thought I didn't have enough to not feel like I had enough time in the Philippines and that's why I like I could. That's okay. You still have family did yeah, my mother's family lives out there and my my father's family is out there so you can go back and forth in like a month. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, I don't know about a month. You'll think he would be able to stay there for a month. Well, you know, I got other things to pay for because I made I made a lot of like self Investments this year, but it's it is in pursuit of like this bigger vision of what my path and like the collective purpose. So I'm actually attending herbalism school this this like spring summer and going to like a clairaudience course, I want to go to doodle doodle the school by the end of the year as well. Yeah. I've been thinking about that for a really long time now, but Imma get there. Yeah, you know, it's again like not limiting yourself to just like I'm just a Reiki practitioner, you know, like I don't I don't you not though. Yeah, I'm not gonna not just that like I'm infinite. Yeah, that's why I tell people I'm I said, I'm well-rounded. I know I know everything I've been here 50 million times. That doesn't mean I've been here I'm not new. Yes. This is not new to me. I've been here 40 million times and I was blessed to know like when I was born this time in this room. I was blessed to know like my path and what I wanted to do, you know, like I started seeing ghosts at a young age. So, you know, and I knew that my family wasn't my knew that my family was toxic at a young age, you know, so I was blessed to to know that at that age at a young age. So, you know, No, yeah, I feel like it'll reflect like when I really look back. I like my experiences as a child like damn I was tapped in I had no idea no idea. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what this was. I was like, okay, whatever. I guess everybody sees this shit laying right I used to see stuff and like, um, just like having these like quote parent paranormal experiences and so on and so forth and realizing that like nothing that I'm experiencing now is really it's not that new everything is happening. Not new. Let's go into sex. Okay, bring it all in because I got things to say when Santa course sags and the reason why I'm bringing that up because a lot of people believe that sex is not important and sex is important in the spiritual World. Absolutely because that's where we really connect with each other. Yes sacred energy exchange. Yes, and people don't think that is a big deal. Deal that's a problem because people don't think right. So that's why people are out here just fucking everybody and everyone and not knowing that you carrying that person energy that you're fucking and that person and job that she's fucking up and then you going back home to your booth and then you want to know why she have an attitude or something like that. No one not knowing what she was doing, but she has attitude because you bought that energy from that I'm speaking my whole experience my last relationship. No cat like really yeah because like and they don't understand that it's like it's fucking Is the real shit out here. Yes, again, like energetics is real like people who don't believe in energy. I'm talking to you. If you don't believe in energy, then you don't believe in electricity. You don't believe in light don't believe in heat like and it's like if that's not enough for you. I can keep going you can really like if you don't believe in energy don't believe in yourself and you was going through a similar situation with your ex cool. Yeah, so, you know, no need to mention but in my experience with my ex Gone through a lot of with him. I got through a lot with him and I can't say I'm not gonna sit here and even and even Jack that he was wrong. He was only one who's doing, you know, he was he was a demon and all that like I had my fair share of experiences in that and that relation where I wasn't I wasn't at my highest and I wasn't my best but he cheated on me with multiple people and I didn't have any real suspicions of that, you know, because I loved him very purely and I loved him from a you know from a space of like just wanting to love and it wasn't until after I left him. That truth came to light and I found out that he was cheating on me like for a year of the year and a half that we was together. How did you find out? Um, you know Psychic Friends just shout out to The Sisterhood. Shout out to The Sisterhood. We had no good haven't those type of friends if you like girl, let's look and see what the what he was doing. Yeah, it's crazy because it was his friend that she starts a like she's started to love me because I was showing her love and she realized I like I was real and I deserve to know the truth because she had gotten He's gone through something like that like that too. I think women should do that. Yeah, I think anything. Yeah, I don't think anything is wrong that I don't even hear if that's your friend. You should give the girl a heads-up. Uh-huh. Even your dude. Yeah. I'm give him a heads-up just more honesty, you know without without being intrusive, but if you really see that someone struggling be real especially if you if you really care about that person, you know, that person's coming from a pure place. I feel like honestly really really benefits there. It definitely do but a lot of men and women is not being real. I don't know. Anybody just living in as fake world and think it's okay, but I feel like you know again going back to that point of like we're in the shit. We're in the shift. We're in the middle of the shift and I'm so blessed and so grateful to be here now and be able to whip bear witness to this shift and see people wake up because I remember when I felt like I was going through it alone. I was like man, I'm the only one who's going through this right now No One's Gonna Get me no one. No one is gonna understand what the fuck I'm going through. Then I saw you were like one of the first people I met on spiritual path like the meeting of the minds. Thank you. Yes, you always tell me that and I'm So happy that you every time I reached out to you you always shout me out. You always show me more and stuff like that. Yes. I'm so grateful for that. Yeah, I'm grateful for our alignment because it was like you were one of the first people I met and Joshua Dorfman and like like you guys are like, you know, my big cousins, I don't look up. Yeah, you guys are doing the work. Thank you for like, you know Paving the way and just like being present within your own experience and sharing to because that's so important within Community. Yeah, Sharon and let everyone know like what you going through the ups and the Nouns because you got to go through the downtime to get to the uptime, right which is brings me back to my experience of last year of healing from that relationship where I was being cheated on because it was messy. It was messy. It was real messy. Like I was I was going through I was doing a lot of spiritual work. So I was doing working on myself every day, which is now is is an everyday practice. I do Reiki on myself every day, but I was also doing like candle which rules and I was doing spiritual bags and you know deep deep deep prayer and meditation to really get into my own. Has anybody and pull those things out of my out of my sacral chakra because that's the second was connected to your womb and because I was going through so much sexual trauma with my ex a lot of stuff had to be moved a lot of stuff had to be moved and I could feel like physical pains because I was just like so stagnating. Yeah because we are empathic to you. So we are stuck in and a lot from outside your your boyfriend you were stuck in a lot from your boyfriend and then people that you meeting and then yeah, and it's so it's so crazy because it's like I knew something was off but I I know that you know, I didn't know that was happening and I'm just like what is it? I'm just like I don't know and he like I'm fine. I'm fine. And I hate that. He doesn't hate that has an impact on people when you feel other people's feelings and they deny it so you sit there and you're like, I must be trippin. Like I'm I'm gonna be making shit up and then it's a hand it becomes a night out. And then they have you thinking that you crazy way and I hate that don't don't do that. Yes, I guess gaslighting. Yes because I was messing with this guy. He did not tell me that he was in a relationship. And had a kid he didn't tell me until Thursday. I didn't hear out his mouth. Like I'm in a relationship and I have a kid - my I saw it. Like I felt that my intuition told me the way you move like they don't even know how to move the way you move. Yeah, you know what because it's like especially when you're as like empathic as you and I we could see that shit like I remember one time I was having sex girl and I see the girl that he finished. Having sex with when he came to my house like we was into intimate and why are we having sex the universe flash? Like and I instantly got dry. Oh shit instantly got dry. So I was like, I'm you only said yeah. Nope. It's over Claire and I never I haven't seen him after that. Yeah, I mean really serious out here. Yeah, because people understand like what life is really about it will make this world a little more easier to do it. We know that's that's the beauty of community and like being able to hold space for people who aren't as like, you know educated about these things and be a teacher, you know, like every every moment that you have to teach somebody take it every opportunity you have just take it, you know, right and if it's not receive it's not received but it is still a seat song right? It's not if it wasn't received but you did your job you did your duty you did what you had to do as a kid. What did you what did you say to yourself that you wanted to be growing? I wanted to be an astronaut really. Yeah, I wanted to be in the sky a quite honest because I'm an earth sign rights and the Earthly but I was always I was always intrigued by the sky was that kid looking up at the stars all 10 of them that you can see from New York City. Wow, but yeah, I wanted to be an astronaut then I realized it was like my heart subpoena shit. So, you know I said I said look, they study they studied the Stars. That's a form of healing to yeah. So you doing what you supposed to do, but just in a different way, yeah. Yeah, and something like everything that I was already doing as a kid. I thought it's just it's just kind of revisiting it and growing it as an adult like even as even yoga right like I think about what myself as a kid. I was a kid like tumbling and like hanging upside down off the couch trying to put my foot behind my head, you know, just doing weird stuff to the point where moms like concern right? Like don't do that gonna break your neck, but you know, I had always been doing yoga and like that's how you'll go was even was even conceived was because You know these ancient Yogi's were observing nature and then they turn these, you know these natural postures from like the dogs from the cats from you for babies from children and they turned it into yoga. Do you teach the kids yoga? Oh my God, stop teaching kids yoga because I my intellectual logical Capricorn mind, so it'll make sense because I work with kids and I'm a yoga teacher. So let me teach kids yoga. So I got I got a partial certification as a children's yoga teacher. Wow, right? Because of what she was going through at the time that that was definitely something that was contributing to it. But I just like I just feel I'm still kind of integrating all these different paths and parts of my life so that can be present to hold space to that capacity with kids because we're doing yoga with kids is completely different than teaching younger with adults. And because I was so used to teaching adults really should do yoga sometimes all you know. No seriously, you know, what hit me up at five. No, seriously, like will you go and so you get little you do classes? Sometimes you go to classes sometimes right? You know, what's funny because I'm out of practice right now. I don't teach and I haven't been to I haven't even been keeping up on my own practice at my keep it honey. Because like I'm kind of in this position of rebuild rebuild, you know, we, you know, just kind of redo your whole Foundation. Yeah. That's what that's what I'm in right now to yeah like this podcast. It was like it just came my friends always tell me like to eat so you should do one and I'm like, okay. Okay, but I never thought about it was like whatever but then I went to like this person invited me. You know, no name. I'm not gonna say no name, but this person invited me to do one of his likes series on YouTube or whatever. Yeah, so I was like, all right, I'm gonna go so I was sitting while I was doing it. I was sitting back and just like yo, I could do this. Yeah, you can and you're doing it right now. Yeah, proud of you. Thank you. We have I was like, I'm gonna do it. No, I don't know nothing about it, but I'm still gonna go for yeah, and I mean the title of your podcast is perfect walk your truth cause that's all we do and we just like take away the microphone and the headphones supposed to be a regular conversation between when I write and a lot of people don't walk they truth. They don't put the umbrella down. So the sun can shine through them. Like let the sun shine through you let everyone see Through you everybody can see who you are, you know, a lot of people are hiding. Yeah about who they are. Yeah, because I feel I feel like you know, they're still peeling back those layers to really even reintroduce themselves to themselves, right because they don't want they worrying about what people going to say about them and stuff like like like this right here. This is out my comfort zone. Like I would have never thought that I would do something like this because on Instagram, I barely talk. Yeah, you just see pictures. Yeah. Yeah. Acting and I was like, I'm gonna start doing I'm going to start talking more on Instagram. Yeah, that's kind of how I felt too which is like why am I I've been getting more traffic on my Instagram because I've been sharing my truth. I've been walking my dreams. I've been keeping a stack especially with my healing Journey with within like 2019 healing from that from that relationship because I felt like I knew there was someone out there who needed to hear what the fuck I was saying because they were going to resonate and they were going to feel how I felt. That was your first heartbreak. No, no, I know that you feel but it was it was my first time experiencing heartbreak to that capacity was my it was my personal longest relationship because everything was like, you know Matchstick romances like, you know, just kind of Bernard real quick, but I want I really felt really do know. I know you was really use really into him we have plans together. And you know, you know, you know what you making more money to him. No, I mean we was both on The Struggle Bus but you know, we was doing our best we're doing our best because I got knows like self Investments and you know him doing his line of work. It was a lot of stuff investment to so, um, you know at the end of the day, I'm not gonna sit here and even like badmouth him or no you had to go through a lesson. Everyone has to go through the lesson even though that we don't like it. No, we wasn't pleasant by any Act gasps but it builds us up to who we are today. Yeah, and I'm saying like I wouldn't I wouldn't be as integrated. If I didn't go through that I wouldn't I wouldn't have the understandings or even beyond the past and I meant right now because like again going back to sexuality like my whole perspective on sex completely changed because I was out here all willy-nilly before I was with him. Oh my God, like I look back at myself. And that's just a couple years ago. My bitch. You have some fun, right? Yeah. That's what I say. Well and my younger my younger days. I had a whole lot of fun. I would tell anybody I don't care. I slept with who I wanted to sleep yet, and I enjoyed every bit of it. Yeah, but now now right now I'm not sleeping with anyone and if I do want to sleep with anyone it's going to be one at a time back. Then I was doing two three, you know enjoying myself. Yeah, and so I felt I felt the same way too. Like every person I was left with is always intentional. No one ever got one over me. I never get I never got got so you know for all y'all hadn't thought about that. Right now but like I already knew what was going on and it was very intentional but I was realizing like the type of frequencies that I was fucking with you for me. So it's like I was dealing with a lot of dudes who like just have some heavy-ass energy that's you know, he'll is always get the guys with heavy energy because we supposed to have but she who gonna help us now I'm saying I'm just saying if you're not trying to help yourself, don't hit me up this clip. That's how I am. That's how I feel too. I was like, I'm not here to help. No, man, no to grow know if you want to grow with me with is okay. It's good with me, but me like picking you up and like telling you like come on. This is what you supposed to do. No, it's not. Yeah working with me this year. This year is rat. Yeah, so just to share about my sexual history in this last couple of years. I've been celibate for the last year in like three months. Why? Yeah, I think that's what's gonna happen to me too. Not no funny shit. So I like ass. Estimated the last date that I had sex and then I put it I was like how many days has it been since then? It's been over 400 days since I had sex and you remember the day that like around it was like yeah like it was like wow. So, how does it feel like yeah. I feel powerful. I feel powerful. I feel in my energy. This is not no way but just your cootie cat is powerful too because of my God I get it. Oh God, I feel so bad for my feel bad. You ready for that? Yeah. Yeah, and you know so like I can I can feel my chi my energy way more clearly and I know that this is I know that this is my energy. This is not the energy of a partner that I'm that I'm messing with or like a partner and his multiple partners, you know, like I know this is me this isn't my vibration and maintaining that and constantly keeping myself and Alignment has been priority, you know, like, you know, it's funny because it's like when I as I'm feeling myself, right? He ate more I can know I noticed that I'm attracting more men. But at the same time, yeah, so your story. I waited a girl tell a story and I was just like, you know holding down the space making sure he was good and I'm not even facing the street. I'm turned around like facing the building. And it's do it in his homie like this. I'm telling you this guy almost broke his neck like whipped his neck around. He was like damn you are so sexy and I was just like thanks like, you know, thank you like your bless you like. Thank you. I appreciate you know, why because you loving yourself the more than myself the more you love yourself the more the everybody see that glow that vibration is high. So yeah that guy it was because I wasn't even a dressed up like nothing I was when I was in sweats like regular like, you know, I like a boy from behind like with a booty butt. You know what, you know that worry strong. I thought and I thought that was a confirmation for me too, because I didn't really because like I said, I don't go out so I don't really be putting myself in situations where I've even exposed to people who look like noticing me or seeing me. So like having this do almost damn near break his neck tell me that I'm so sexy. He was going he was like go out to eat the fuck. Are you bleep pussy? Like how do that shit right now? Listen, he didn't care and I care. No, no, no fucks given not care. He saw your higher self that shit. She brave, but you know light attracts mods. Yes. Yes. That's the only thing that's but you have to know what we do know how to pick them because I got tell us hey, I'll always chakra do tell us like this is not good for you just walk away, but you be like now but I just want to see what I could do with it. Mmm. So that's what me I needed to hear that because I'm in like a sticky situation where I was like, You know what? I choose me. Like I choose me and I know that I when I choose myself everything else will kind of align, right you gotta find. Well. No, not you that guy will find you where you at though. We waited but that's that's how I feel. I feel like the guy is gonna find you when he needs to find you. Yeah, you know and I give thanks for any connection that I come across and oh no matter what level it is. I don't I try not to force things into romantic perspective no more and that was something I had to learn last year to just chill. I'm cooling. Yeah, me too. Nothing gets me upset. I don't care if someone curse me out. I just be like, okay, that's how you feel. Yeah. I'm trying to get on that level of Zen because I'm sad. Yeah, I don't I don't I don't play that shit though for me. It was like II just know that like as long as I'm in alignment with myself and I'm taking care of me and I know that I'm one with My Mind Body Spirit then everything else is happening externally will reflect right, you know, right and like I can I could this is what I can control because that's Capricorn like we're very like rolling and I and it would reflect in my relationships because I will try to micromanage like my partner's life and that's not cool, you know and really know what I don't even seem like that type girl. I'm crazy. This is an Aries. She's crazy crazy. I can I can and I will admit that because like I said, I'm not perfect. I have had my fair share of things and mishaps and mistakes and things I did that. I'm not proud of yeah, you know and I'm not proud of who I was these different versions of who I was in my past relationships because it was not reflective of Highest there's me lower my frequency. Yeah, but this a yellow and frequency and low vibration. Yeah use them with that part. But girl, that's what you had to go through to know. Yeah. Yeah, man. So like when I was in my ex a wasn't my ex like I'm telling you to he was like really into like dark shit, but I'm I'm kind of introduction to because I'm very integrated. I know you said we we are supposed to remember light and dark. Yeah. I'm have to know to do both it match up together. Yeah, you can't though both one away without the other. Yeah, exactly. So like I think that's why I was so attracted to him. Right because I'm like, I'm like this like love and life. So that's your Dart you you was looking at him. That's his image was you exactly that's pretty lucky reflect. Yeah. So when I when I go back to like that energetic the stuff and even like with a sacred energy exchange of having sex like no kidding and like I've seen his demons he had demons attached to him like Siemens and that's why I couldn't leave because it was all bomb like you're gonna think it's why I'm sorry, but you know, I saw him on Instagram I was like Okay, he's sexy. You know, he was sexy he had that sexy Aura. Yeah, this is very lustful. Yes. Barry must mean less but that's like that's how our relationship started it was off of a it was off of a spark of a sexual connection, you know and like when it when it became the last thing that we were holding on to one our relationship, that's when I knew I had to leave that's when I knew I had to leave because there was no more there was no longer an emotional connection. There was no longer mental stimulation. There wasn't even like a spiritual connection and I was I was We myself short of those things within myself and my practice because I spent so much time with him and it was like yo, I had to even explain this to him leaving that relationship was an act of self-love. It wasn't it wasn't like you. I don't fuck with you no more. I try to do that piece peacefully as possible at the time but I really was on some like this is for me because I'm choosing me and I know that that was my lesson from that relationship with his whose myself was a house of how to let go how to set boundaries and you know, those are lessons. I'm still applying to my life now. Because as I'm going more and more like magnetic within my frequency, I could see like how ya like attracts mods and I have to be able to really set boundaries and uphold them and that wasn't always easy for me because I'm so like I'm so welcoming and so friendly and then people think just because you like that that they could just do whatever I want to you. Yeah one back to the whole point of I never got got I never got it was always intentional and never got guy he has but it set out. Here. Yeah, definitely. Everything is just different. I like it. Yeah, I mean this the this life no matter what life you're living is here for us to learn. This is this this is the schoolhouse right School of Hard Knocks. Yeah. We're 2JZ because you know, like if you see this girl she is so little Thug towel. She's so fucked up. Yo, I'm a spiritual gang station chu chu gangster. So what do you do right now to keep you up vibrations? Yeah energy. Hi. Oh, wow. I love talking about this. Okay. Hmm. So I dabble I dabble in different medicines again on like I'm a training herbalist something. I'm building these relationships with these different plant allies and specific one medicine that I've been working with a lot is so Simon explain what it is. So psilocybin is magic mushrooms, and I've been working with that in micro doses before I got here. I saw that she was messing with mushrooms. I was going to ask you about that. Yes, um because you was always into my shoe. Is anyway, yeah. Yeah, I was tripping so psilocybin, um, what it does is that it can increase has the reuptake of Serotonin and there's one is one of the happy hormones. So it affects your mood and it kind of it's basically a natural antidepressant and that's kind of how I've been able to balance myself out and Imperial. How do you use it? Like is it? Um it so it's it is like the dried mushroom. You could take it in many ways people take it in tease you because just keep it like a regular tea put it in hot water. And then you can put your regular tea into it. So we don't taste like the mushroom you could put into capsules which is what I've been doing lately. Just putting it so you can just pop it and go. Yeah just grind it up and pop it or if you could just chew it like regular if you I don't know like the tables gonna start selling those um, you know, because of the legality of it, um, no no wink wink. But yeah, I'm in the process of building this relationship with the mushrooms. Um, they're very powerful medicine and they have - mushrooms are older than plants. Yes, they like the there, you know the Earth is being held together by mysel Liam, which is like, you know the network of these little mushroom my friends. Yeah that you don't see that's all the way down in our hands. So when you when you're taking the mushroom, you're not only you're not just taking a recreational drug that's putting you in a different mindset just just because it's mine altering ear literally communing with the spirit of the medicine. Yeah, and it's helping you just happen to these different frequencies. It's helping you to tap into your higher self, right? You know, so sometimes you just have to be in a In trance. Yeah, absolutely and micro Michael dosing is is highly effective in kind of rewiring your brain and kind of regulating your mood because you're taking it in small doses. So you have to take them like every day or once a week. So there's different there's different protocols. So the most common one is like you you take the medicine one day you do like two days off and you take it on the fourth day again, and in those two days that you have off in the two days you have off you're integrating so you should be journaling. You should be noticing the changes in your Mood or like any thoughts that come up and that's where the real work happens. That's where the real like undoing and Unbecoming of like this, you know trauma ridden self. That's where you start to peel back those layers because that's where things are going to start to come up and definitely like been working with that medicine a lot in conjunction with like rounding herbs like cacao Cacao is like one of my favorite herbs so weird because it's grounding is heart-opening taste good. Um, and I've also been working with shh, medicine called happy so happy is a blend of different like plants this is a powerful tobacco herbs barks and you they grind it up into a powder and there's different blends and I'm you take it through this little tool around my next Call of Duty pay and it's a you smoke it now you it's you sniff it yeah well yeah you'd like you exhale it into your nose through a little tool like this and it's super grounding it's / grounding and I give thanks Glen and working with his medicine every day for the last like month and I give thanks to this medicine so much because through this to the shift and started well here we need to hang out so I could yeah I would look at it with a messing with you yeah I want to just see how I make me feel yeah because I don't play when it comes to stuff like that I'm kind of scared to dagger with stuff like that it comes to like you know these natural remedies just make sure that you know you have a reputable Source but also that you feel cold to you know I felt the call of this man yeah that's my towel About everybody about crystals. Yep, like crystals with me. I'm not really I don't really deal with crystals. I have crystals only because they called me yes, if they didn't call for me. I wouldn't buy rarely be like made me ha ha ha. Yeah. He like they are in my sister's into Crystal she made jewelry and she me like you don't you don't feel it? No just it works. Everybody is different. Yeah just work different for everyone. So So but when I when they call me I buy them. Mmm. Yeah, that's that. He's out cold when that goes for everything. Yeah, that's how about to say that's what's everything that's on every but sometimes when a nigga call you don't ya know what it is. Don't pick up don't pick up don't go so I think I'm crazy. But no never what if what if your boyfriend go use the restroom, but every time you use the restroom, he sits down. Would that be a problem for you? Yeah, what's your question? Now? You know what? Cuz it's not it's not weird to me. At least. I see my father do that. So I'm just like, you know as a little kid obviously my people my father's like peanut now as an adult but like right I've seen happened and it's like I would have yeah because I was talking to other women and I was like, that's weird. I will add I would think that something's wrong him but not me I would be like, I would ask a lot of questions. I'd be like yo, what made you start doing this like what's going on? Like I wouldn't think anything is wrong with him. Yeah shit happens. Like I don't want to I don't understand. Right, it wouldn't bother you at all. Now what a bother me. I'm not judgmental. So what about straight men wearing nail polish. Now you see a lot of straight men. I went out the other day and this guy had clear nail polish on but I seen it had love on it and I was like, let me see your hands and he showed me I was like, this is so cute. So how do you feel about that straight men wearing like different colored nails? You'll be you. Do, you know, I'm not gonna sit here until judgment to you if that's what you feel. Like, that's what you rocking away. Go ahead. And you know, I have I have only two You know, they're in like the underground like metal Punk goth scene, and they and they where are they where it and even people who aren't in that scene. They still wear it on my don't pay any mind most my type-a is like yo, what what nail polish brand is because actually cute and I was so surprised that I grabbed his hand on my head. Let me see it. Like I would have thought that I would think something is wrong with that. But no I was like, let me see it and he really showed me and I still looked at him like he was a man. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. It was really really cute. So, what are you doing this year? What's your plans? What's your goal this year? What do you want to do pouring back into yourself? I mean this you know this herbalism journey is really big. I'm home. That was that was a that was a so-called that was so cool. And I manifested that opportunity to because that it wasn't in alignment with my with my finances at the time and I was just like, I don't care I'm gonna apply I'm gonna go and they had a had a whole like scholarship application program like process. Like I just did it, you know on a whim and I was like what? I was just a what I was just as honest as I could be I didn't even read it. All right, I'm just gonna set it. Hey, yeah, somebody she was saying that like, you know, she's something email saying that she dropped the applications and she said that like it was first come first serve. So I was like, I'll let me just send it right away to so I can be in the top of the list and I ended up manifesting and so I ended up working out a yoga work trade. So instead of paying full tuition. I'm paying like said, I'm only paying 25% and then the rest of it she's covering because I'm gonna be teaching yoga at When you gonna start that, um, so it's mostly online modules and then I go up for like the actual Camp cohort which is like when you go up and you learn how to make medicine you learn how to forward you can win big things boom big things. You already know a big thing. I'm proud of you. I'm really proud of hungry. Now, I've been watching your journey. Hi, and I'm proud of you that you are stepping out of your shell and doing what you do think. Yeah, even when I seen you reading tarot cards, did you bring them today? Because it was so funny because I saw them on my I should bring them and then I told you and then looking in your eyes I should have brought those. Yeah, I was like and I was going to ask how I was gonna say bring them then I was like no, I'm not gonna ask her to bring them. That's exactly yeah funny, right? Yeah. There's always the mind the mind how the mind plays on the same page same freaking page. But thank you for listening to walk your truth with Teresa. Thank you for having me. Thank you for your truth. Thank you for being here. So tell everyone your Instagram. It's at High. Queen sees so double entendre because I'm Honey. Hi, but high4 e Queen yes and let everybody know that they can click on that button if they want any Reiki sessions to require. Yeah, if you if you want anything done with me just hit me up. I'm gonna friendly don't you know, I don't put myself above or below nobody so don't act like I'm just like this like Untouchable goddess, even though sometimes I feel like that, you know, I'm friendly I'll hit you up. I'll respond we could talk about and we can shoot the shit. So I'm here to hold space in faith in Greece always death. Right girl, but thank you for coming. I appreciate each. I love you. I love you too, and you always be like, I love you and I'll be like, I love you, too. Yes. Thanks for listening everyone. Thank you. Peace and love.