Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or what really is insecurities. Yeah, you know, like there's a lot of people who have insecurities and you you probably won't even have to think of you know, like you probably would have even thought of was considered an insecurity but a lot of them can trigger a lot of things. Yeah, I think so and obviously these are things that are built up from when we were little it's not only like that. At tomorrow I wake up and I have an insecurity. No, it's like something that has actually like grown up with you that you're not able to like let go of or you're not really thinking about it as much as like in the back of your head, but sometimes it sneaks up and it's like here I am and you know, it just bothers you a lot. Especially I would say for me my biggest insecurity has always been my weight. Just because I was just surrounded by all my cousins who were always in shape or were skinnier than me and I was compared to them and I would compare myself to them all the time and it was just something that bothered me because I didn't look like them and I always thought why don't I look like them why am I different and I never thought that that insecurity was actually my power. Our my power meaning that it made me different and it didn't make me stands out. So it kind of isn't insecurity and it still is an insecurity for me, but I'm learning how to embrace it and how to think more positively about the way that I look the way that I carry myself and just Don't know work on that as a whole do you think that that affected you like growing up definitely or like even now? Yeah, like, um, I always hid from people because I felt like I wasn't pretty enough or I felt like everybody was looking at either my other cousins or even my friends my family dog. And that's like I know it's like it makes me stand out. But when your Growing up, like that's like that's always been my insecurities and also like I kind of was in like, I remember when I was like in elementary school like I would get sorry when I was in elementary school like I would get bullied too because I wasn't only tall I was also like like a little overweight like my weight has always been like also an issue. So it's like you're tall and you stand out and then you're also Like overweight and you stand oh, yeah, so I can like the boys it's like double insecurities. So I just like I always tried to make myself as small as possible. Yes, which is like why now? It's like I understand how it affects me because I have to like try so hard to like be outgoing. Yeah, or like or like not go back to that not go back to like being in the social space. And being like are people looking at me like am I standing now? Like because to be honest, I'm still the tallest one. I like I was like the biggest thing is like, you know, how you said. Oh like your like you were insecure because our other cousins like you were always like a little bit more of a weight than them, but I knew like I feel like the same way that you thought something of them. They probably thought something of you old layers like there probably were like, oh well, like they probably were envious of something that you had that they didn't so I feel like sometimes people don't realize that when you compare yourself with someone the thing that you're looking at like oh my I wish that I could have this or I want to look that way or something that might actually be the insecurities that they have and you're over here being like I wish I had that but then they're over here being like I wish I didn't have that. Yeah, so it's like I feel like people just need to understand that. I don't even know where I was going with this last thought help me people just need to understand that we all have insecurities and that we all have something that we don't like about ourselves and going back to like the question that you asked me. I definitely did try to hide myself and I still do like Josephine stars is something to is something hard to get riddle like the hiding because I don't like attention because I feel like if I Attention, then people are looking at my insecurities. They're not looking at my good traits, which is so crazy. But I feel like a lot of people feel that same way too. Yeah, because you know, sometimes when you're singled out by other people, especially like your parents or your grandparents or just family members 2010 go Aleta. We are 40. You're a little bit fat for people who don't know Spanish but or Maybe you need to like lose weight or you should stop eating at night. Like these little things that people say and they don't know how it really affects anybody around them. They don't really know what that person has gone through in their lifetime where that can be a little trigger to make that person insecure again, and then that's when you start pulling away from people and that's when you can get into a bad sleep. Yeah, that's like Growing up. I my biggest insecurity is one obviously is you know weight and then on top of that I my skin is not like normal. My skin is a little different where I don't even know how to describe the way that my doctor said it was but basically I mean anything on my face. I just got a mark even if I don't touch it. I had a mark like no matter what so like growing up. I always felt like I was like a double chocolate chip cookie because like literally all the marks on my face and then Going up also you like in our culture. They'll say like oh curly hair or a lot of curly hairs. Like is below modeling bad hair. Yeah and growing up always having to relax your hair and always having to have it straight all the time and like when I when I hit a certain age or just stopped doing that and just start to cut off all my hair so I can have my girls back. So like growing up a big insecurity was my hair the way, you know, obviously my weight and my skin so I was like so many things all at once so It definitely did make me hide and like the older that I got the more I just didn't want to be seen and like for a really long time. I literally was not seen. Yeah, literally I was in hiding for months like it would take a lot for somebody to let like make me leave my house like a lot and that's where it gets tricky because then once you start hiding yourself and once you start removing yourself from social events and even family Ali and things like that, that's when being by yourself and also feeling bad about yourself. That's when the anxiety hits that's when depression can come through like just all these negative thoughts and negative energy around you that you kind of do need sometimes a little push to get out of there and talking about things like this definitely help because the more that you let things inside or leave things inside. The more that you feel like there is no type of way of fixing what you're going through and it's not even fixing. It's just really just trying to change your mindset like yeah, we could have been overweight when we were growing up and things like that boat. The thing that made it worse is that we kept comparing ourselves to other people and once you compare yourself to other people you lose yourself, and that's the worst thing that anyone Any of us can do Lose Yourself because no one is you that's the biggest power that you have that nobody can be like you or talk like you or have your Vibe? Yes people can connect to you. But just you as a person there is no other copy. Even if you have a twin they can't be you. That's the crazy part and that's something that we don't think about we just think about just how other people look and how we were We were other people and we don't even know what that person's really going through. Yeah, and also acknowledge me. I feel like we're also ignorant when it comes to ourselves because we're so busy comparing ourselves to other people and it's just like acknowledge it like I had to acknowledge the fact that I was extremely overweight. I had to acknowledge that and really take that and obviously I didn't know that but it's just like I really didn't know that until like now I look back at pictures and I'm like, oh damn. Oh my my God, like I look at myself and I'm like that does not even look like me. Yeah, and it's like it took a lot of acknowledgement and a lot of like, oh my God these pants don't fit me anymore. It sure does have been meanwhile, I'm just go buy some new ones. And then I just continue to go up in size and go up inside. Yeah, and I there was a point where he barely even saw me because I was like well, but when you said something like key is that you acknowledged it because no matter like you cannot be Securities and obviously your insecurities. Get worse when people are constantly telling you oh you're over way or your hair stand up it'll model like you have that hair like you should straighten it, but I think that the thing is if your insecurities got to a point where it's affecting your mental health and it's affecting you as a person that you literally can't get up from batter. Like you said that you can't even leave your room at that point. I think you need to take like self-control. Love your own insecurities and be like, how am I going to change this so that this doesn't affect me anymore. Yeah, and I think it doesn't want to have to deal with overweight or yeah the way that you look because for a long time. I really thought that I was so dumb like I don't even know what other word to use like I felt that I was just a person who couldn't really just even speaking like How I am speaking now, I felt like what I said people wouldn't understand it. So that's why for a long time. I was just quiet almost new in the sense that when I was around other people and there was like a crowd and people were talking I didn't want to talk and I didn't try to like continue with the conversation because I feel like what I had to say didn't make sense and what the group was saying and I am And right now it doesn't sound like it but I am soft-spoken. Like I can't really scream or I don't like talking really loud because it makes me uncomfortable and when people are like well, what did you say? Can you repeat that? It just makes you a little bit even more insecure. They're like, how does it look? Like I had to repeat what I just said and it was so tough for me to even say it in the first place like really so I think that is such a big one first so many people out there and they don't even say it because they feel like it's some to feel them because obviously you have something to say but people don't understand what you're going through if they're not going through it like, you know, So that's pretty much like definitely someone my insecurities and definitely also with my hair. I feel like those days of waking up at 5 in the morning to go to the salon. See my God every weekend we would wake up at 5:00 to go to the salon to make sure that our hair was straight and that there was no little curl never in our hair. Oh my God. So badly burned and it's so bad for your hair. It's bad for literally. It was coming full. We were killing our Pearl. Yeah, like since we were like 11, not even I started when I was like eight because my hair is so pretty and my mom didn't know how to deal with my mom with my hair and my mom buys him a monito. Look Isaiah it so era and I should like, you know what? I'm just gonna take her too. The salon and they're going to figure it out. But now we know because it's it's curly hair it still it is so but it's worth it is worth it. But you know, there's a lot more that comes with just being insecure about the way that you look there could be a lot of insecurities in regards to like come of course like the topic of comparing yourself to another person like for example fearing of being a failure and you see other people Better than you you feel like you're failing like like I know there's a lot of people who are doing so much better than me what at least I think that they are and I know I'm just afraid of feeling and feeling like I could never get to where they are. You know, like I want to make sure I get there too. And I just I'm so insecure about that. I am so afraid of failure like that is my biggest insecurity is like if I'm afraid of failure. I'm so so scared of it that it gives me anxiety like when I feel like I'm on the line. The verge of failing I get anxiety. I'm like I cannot I can't feel like I can't do that. So do you feel like that stops you from growing? Sometimes it does I feel like sometimes it really does like it took everything in me to launch my business of elevate was Duty and it took a lot in me to just kind of get out of my show even right now even now that I'm feeling a little bit more confident in myself. It's taking a lot for me to like get out of my show like I'm very soft-spoken myself. I'm not I'm not a person to just be out there. Hey, what's up? Like? No, that's not mean they got that's not me at all. I'm just very quiet to myself and like it takes a lot for me to just be out there, you know and like I deal with so much anxiety like on a day-to-day basis just because of my insecurities of failing and feeling like I'm not enough for like feeling like I'm just never going to get where I want to be or like getting called out for doing something wrong or like nothing makes any sense. But like I freaked out when I got called out, you know for doing something wrong. I freaked out it's embarrassing. You don't want to be put on those. But for something that you are already fearing of not doing correct exactly. Exactly. And then like when I thought I did something right and then it ends up to be wrongs watch the wrong and I'm gonna wish I knew think I did that wrong. Oh, yeah, and it's like I'm caught off guard and so much anxiety and there's boom all that is so many things running through my mind and I feel like a good hour two hours. I'm still thinking about it. I'm I have this thing where it's like I the minute that I get in the shower from work. It's like okay detox the day stop taking it home with you. Yeah, and like my boyfriend tells me all the time. Why is it that you let your why do you let everything affect you? Like? Why do you let every single little thing like affect how your day goes or like any opinion? Just affect what you know, you think I'm just I can't help it. I really can't and as I go to sleep with it, I take a shower with it. I do my homework with it. Yeah, I think of it and it just never leaves my mind and your Like that is probably something that you're coming like you're bringing it from your childhood. Actually, I believe so because a lot of the things that we do on a day-to-day is learned behavior is something that is constant in our life or was constant in our life. And once we're trying to heal from me, we don't really know how to heal from it completely and I really believe that there are some things that you cannot heal completely. Lately from it because anything can trigger it and you can have that plate moment of you feeling that way all over again. It's kind of like how Josephine and me always talk about secondhand embarrassment. Oh my God, that is the worst thing ever. It's working firsthand. Exactly like somebody getting embarrassed and you getting embarrassed because they got him. The time and it's worse than my own embarrassed. Like I'd rather feel my own embarrassment. Yes, and other people yes, and that comes from insecurities to because you know, sometimes these people don't get embarrassed and we're embarrassed for them. It's like would one word but going back to what you were saying. I think that the thing that doesn't help us if again the comparing and not knowing that things We'll work out for us when they are supposed to work out for us because we just think that we're in this time frame in our head. We help all these expectations all these things that we believe we need to get done and if we don't get it done right now, then it's never going to happen for us and it's not like that you have to take life as it is you do as much as you can but you can't control anything in life. You really can you can't so I think The best thing that you can do in that situation is just take it in for what it is and try to let it go. You know, I feel like now that you said that that's probably why like I am such an organized free like when it comes to certain things because I feel like I have a hold on Somethin ya know like I need to have control of you know, when I take a shower at a certain day when I clean up a certain time or you know, make sure my car is clean and make sure my room is clean. Clean make sure my home was done at a certain time and things like that. Like I like to make sure like I have hold of certain things or else if I don't freak out like oh like literally I'll argue about this all the time where my transactions in my card. I don't know what it is. But like every single time before I go transaction like I have to plan it out in my head. Like I'm okay. This is how much is being taken out? There's so much I have left over this one. I can do this what I can't do or like before I get paid like that week. I'll just do the deductions. In my head and then like plan it out. So if I do like an unexpected transaction it throws me off completely. Yeah, and it gives me anxiety. It just makes me it just makes me nuts because I don't have hold on something that I should have control over and it makes me crazy. It makes me literally go crazy. And I think that's where I was I eating really does come from not having control and kind of freaking out about it because we have this mindset where we think we have. All over so many things even like how our day is going to go. We believe we have in our head. We think that our day is going to go bam. I'm gonna wake up. I'm gonna get ready. I'm gonna go to work and I'm going to do XY and Z at work and all these things but you know anything can hold you back your alarm doesn't wake you up on time. Then your leg then your lead to like do all there's the responsibilities that you have to do that day and then it just backtrack to you. And now you're anxious because everything is not getting it done how you expected it to and that's just another level of feeling I guess insecure or feeling bad about how the day is going. Yeah, and that puts us in a bad place and you want to know what else to though I this is something that I can speak for myself. I don't know if anybody else, you know, it feels that way but self-doubt is a huge area for me specifically. Like and it brings out anxiety of the demons out all my insecurities in one it's self-doubt and like I feel like I don't have that much power like a gun like I consider myself. You know, what you selling soft spoken and like I feel like my voice doesn't matter like, you know, nothing really matters that I do like, what's how am I going to make a difference in that like, you know, like little things? Yeah, I can't do that. No, I don't think I can do that or like making an excuse for something because I don't think I can. The second reality is just I'm just putting myself down and I'll put in the value that I have in myself and I was like, yo, you know what like instead of me saying that should be like, you know, I can do that. I can do that. I don't know a lot when I'm at work my it's funny that you said that because so we had we're having like supervision at my job right now, like one one-on-one with her supervisor, and she said that in the beginning, I don't know why I do this but in the beginning of when like I start a job or You think I like I'll know how to do something. But I'll ask the question. Am I doing this right or is this how you do it? Oh before I do it you can I do ya do the same thing my supervisor. She's like just being you know what you're doing, but you keep asking the same questions over and over again and then she's like have you noticed that every time you do this that I've been kind of like neat like kind of taking back and being like so what do you think you should do? Do like what? What how do you how would you handle the situation? So it's true like when I don't know where it comes from, but I do like especially when it comes to work. I do self-doubt like I'm like am I doing this right? Like is this what she said? Like, how do I handle the situation? Wait did the situation already happened? Like do I know what and like it's funny because like though he's always saying how good I am at like reading or like communicating with people. Yeah. When I'm at work, and I need to talk in a meeting that day. I become like a shell. Like don't look at me. We're not about this is nothing comes nothing. No, I won't even talk like literally I won't talk. My my supervisor always has to like look at me and be like, do you have anything to say do you have anything to add Josephine? I here because she like knows I'll tell her like one-on-one but then when it's in a group, I won't say anything. So she'll be like, oh Josephine you were saying this and this to me. Do you want to like elaborate and tell the group so I don't know where the self because I always feel like if I say something or comment on another person's like work that then they're going to comment on my work and then it's going to be something negative. Like I did something wrong or I or like why did you even comment on that? Because you you did so and soul wrong. So and for me like I'm Very prideful when it comes to work. So if I do something wrong at work, or I know that I don't know how to do something and I've already asked the question that's an insecurity of mine that I'm just gonna look stupid. Yeah, I work like that's like one of my biggest insecurity is I don't ever want to look stupid at work because you don't want to be looked as you don't know what you're doing. Yeah, and then when is when you think about it, if you don't know what you're doing, what are you doing here? And that's something that we have a lot of and we need to kind of reassure ourselves. We can't really wait for somebody else to reassure us because once you're expecting somebody to do that for you when they don't do it, then you're gonna feel bad and you're gonna feel like okay, so I don't know what I'm doing. What am I doing here and the self-doubt is going to get worse, but I think this all tights in and Us understanding that we are humans, we make mistakes. We just need to move on and grow from it. Even though that's like so easy to say it's just take it day by day and when you can't take it day by day, take it hour by hour minute by minute don't over think about things all the time, but I got that's so easy to say but it does take practice. It takes a lot of practice to do that. Yeah. I've tried to do that myself that I'd you know be like the minute that leave work. Okay. Stop thinking about what happened today. Stop thinking about you know, what happened previously. Just let it go. You're only there to do your job and just go home and then when you get home, you know, it's like I take everything with me. Like what I said to this person what I did at work what I said to my supervisor would I you know, like just every little thing I always take home with me. Yeah, and I can't help and I try so hard to just detoxify myself of the day and it never works. And like I try so hard I literally tried so hard but it's like I can't do it then drive myself crazy, but do you feel like you continue to carry that with you all the time all the time all the time no matter what like just yesterday. I was thinking about a conversation that I had with somebody and I'm just like, okay I could have said something different. You know, I could have you like especially like when you're having the self-doubt like literally when you're having that self-doubt at that moment, you're not thinking because things I just Going through you're not thinking at all. So you're just whatever comes to mind is like. Yeah, that's it. That's it right there and then a couple minutes later. You're like, okay, I could have said something different. I could have done something different. This is what I could have said. This is what I could have done probably would have had a different outcome and it's a you don't think about it until minutes later late and it's just drives you crazy because I feel like it does and I feel like a lot of people can definitely agree on that topic. And I don't know like I feel like once we continue to try to practice to let things go the more that we will be better with our anxiety because our anxiety. It just holds those bad from so many things. It's definitely comes from a negative place and just dealing with that on a daily basis. Like I remember having anxiety attacks when I was in school. And I had to present just because all the attention was on me and I was like, oh my God like these this inside it was so bad that I wouldn't even be able to like stand. I will be fidgeting like I would have to sit down I will be read all these things and it's just like wow, where is that coming from? And then again is like from me wanting to hide and not being sure of myself and not being sure of what I have to say. And it was just something that would be really be judged. Yeah, definitely fear of being judged but that's like that's like crazy to me that it's like sometimes like your insecurities are purely based on what you've been hearing your whole life. Like they didn't even start with you and they started with someone else. So it's like you're you created this whole thing in your head based on what someone else said and now that is What is causing you to doubt yourself like this person? It could have been like something in like middle school. And now you don't even know this person like there somewhere else in another country and you are still thinking about that one time. Yeah, that one's that they called you dumb that they called you fat that they start your hair was ugly that like they said that you couldn't communicate right that you weren't gonna get anything exactly what I'm gonna graduate and now that That literally just like you said it triggered like something in you and now you it's like it causes him security. But then at the same time, I feel like in a positive light you could take that and be like, well, I'm going to prove that person wrong. Yeah, exactly take that as ambition. You not take that out something that you can you know, using the future against it because our because I feel like like anxiety comes from fear and I feel like sometimes fear is a good thing like fear is like you're about to enter something that's not comfortable for you. But sometimes on the other side of uncomfortable is greatness. Yes because you grow exact and you become a better you it's so crazy that you said that because you know, those people who were bullying us or like made us feel better are people who have limits in their head. And because they have limits in their head, they believe that you have to be limited to so when you let their limits, let me take you then. You can be the best you that you're going to be in life. And that is not good you have to do what you have to do for yourself. Sometimes people see like people see the potential that you have and they don't see potential in themselves. So they try to knock you down. Oh my God, like you don't get there. They try to belittle you exactly Ali that's one thing that I always hated being belittled that is like one thing I will not tolerate. I cannot be belittled. That's one thing. I love about myself as fact that you can't be little me. I'm not going to let you do that. Yeah, that's just one thing. I just can't do and also about the whole Comfort being comfortable. There's something that I've always, you know said to a lot of people who kind of just tell me that oh, I'm tired of being here and I'm tired of this job. I'm tired of this school. I'm tired of this path or whatever like are you comfortable? The most of the time it's yeah, I guess well, if you're comfortable you're not growing there's obviously a problem. There's obviously like problem. What are you doing about it? Exactly. You know what it is. Also We complain complain complain and then we stop complaining and then we get comfortable again. And then when somebody says something that bothers us then we start complaining again and we're just like, oh, I hate it here. And you don't do nothing about it. Like we have to do something. We just can't be in the same place. Yes, we have insecurities. Yes, we have anxiety. But if you don't try and you never take the risk to do something different then how are you gonna know if you're better than what you're doing right now. Exactly. And also learn what works best for you in order to deal with them. Yes like me being one. I honestly think I have like severe anxiety like I hyperventilate sometimes Of how bad it gets and a big thing that I have Incorporated in my days is kind of just understanding why I feel that way and it's more of you know taking what my childhood self is telling me. So like I kind of reflect on why my childhood self feels that way because I know it's not the older zooty that feels that way it's more of the childhood version of her and she the older one needs to understand why she feels that way I need of self reflect. A little bit more like why are you feeling that way? Can you like, you know, let me know so I can try to fix the older zooty and try to make sure that she's okay and not that messed up, you know and like as me as a child I was so messed up like in all different forms and the older me is just dragging that with her. Yeah, and like that's just something I've really been incorporating to improve my relationship with myself with my parents with my brother's with my friends. Just Because I feel like that's something that does get in the way a lot of you know my relationship with other people and myself and it triggers a lot in me like Allah I got no for a while like, you know the whole weight thing and all of that I literally put myself in a box and I left myself there and I kind of just glued it taped it freaking put everything all over it. Yeah and just disappeared until I just was able to get back out again, and it's Like like you were saying like talking about the younger self. I hear like a lot of people are like, well, I wish I could go back to being like 15 16 like so that I don't have to be an adult so I don't have to adult and I always think this to myself I'm like, I don't want to go back to why I was being bullied people would comment like I don't want to go back to that because like it's true like you Always have to like reflect and be like anytime. I feel insecure. Like I always have to be like do you want to go back to that like new want to go back to being that insecure little girl or do you want to like fix the issue and also work on yourself and be the best person that you can be and I think that's the thing fixing. The issue is the biggest part of everything because we don't want to face a like I know for myself. And there was a like a while that I would listen to music going to work. Listen to music coming from work when I was at home. It couldn't be quiet. I could I couldn't just be like in silence and then I got to this point when I moved out and I figure it out that I needed my own space and I needed to like be alone with myself. I was able to be alone with my thoughts. And when I was alone with my thoughts a lot of the try a lot of the time I did cry my did feel all these things that I didn't know where they were coming from but it was because I didn't deal with them. I always like put them in the back burner. I didn't want to deal with it. I didn't want to think about it. But once I saw that, for example when I moved out a lot of people are like, oh I'm gonna be there for you. I'm gonna go to your house every day. We're gonna have so many dates and all this stuff and then when I would come from work and like I would want to chill with somebody everybody was tired doing something. I'm like, okay. So now I have to be all alone in this apartment. What am I supposed to do? And that's when I let myself go. I let all my thoughts that I was thinking about or not thinking about actually I let them come to me and I let them just like sit with me while I was by myself and I feel like Sitting with my thoughts and actually going through them one by one I was able to figure out why I was insecure why I was letting people do things that I didn't want them to do why I was still like for example in a relationship that I knew it wasn't good for me. It was all my insecurities. I thought I wasn't good enough for something better. I didn't think that I can get anything better because I didn't let myself. Go through that process of healing and a lot of us just run from healing a lot of us just don't want to deal with it, especially because it's so hard you have to face something that you've been running away from your whole life, especially like my biggest insecurity. I would say is not even my way. It was that I didn't grow up with my dad and I will see all these girls having this love from a man that is supposed to be your protector and everything and I wanted that So bad and I felt so bad about that and just being in a relationship that I felt like somebody did love me in that way, but I didn't really know. What was the right way for somebody to love me like, you know what I mean? Exactly like hey just because it hungrily I didn't have that relationship to fall back on so that was something that I definitely had to go through and I had to deal with and I had to face it. So I And let go of that and security and being a better place, you know. Yeah, that's definitely a really big Improvement in yourself as well. Like a lot of problems with people and including sometimes myself. I'm not even gonna lie like sometimes if I don't want to deal with something or a lot of individuals don't want to do something date speaker right under the rug, but I'll deal with that later. I'll deal with that later. I don't want to deal with that right now and that's that's a huge problem because when it ends up blowing in your face like blowing up in your face and justice. Roads and make the biggest mess. You're going to be like, oh my God, you're not gonna know what to do. And it's like you have to deal with it one by one you have to deal with it as it comes no matter how hard it is because the harder that it is, well the harder you're going to be at dealing with everything else. You know that you're going to be head-on with everything else and not going to be a mental like a mental wreck by the time everything blows up in your face. I mean, I feel like I'm definitely more confident now, especially because because I value myself and I know what I want and that's something that you definitely need to sit down with yourself because with all these insecurities and anxiety come things that you don't know about yourself. What do you want? What is it that you want in life. Now? What everybody else is telling you what you want is what you want. What do you want to go to bed with that? You have done that whole day. So you feel good. About yourself about who you are and that's an Indian you but yeah, definitely these these were things that I learned so much while I was living on my own because I didn't have anybody to talk to on like a daily basis. Yes, I talk to people here and there but like when you're living with your parents or your living with your siblings or parents and all these people you don't have time to think about on it all of these things. Okay, you'll do anything go do go do some. Some laundry our goal do something right so you don't have time to sit down with yourself to think about what you're going through. But when you're living on your own you make the rules and you know, what you need to do when you need to do it and all that stuff. So when I had the time to think about these things I'm like, wow, I don't even know what I want. I don't even know what I want for like my future like I'm doing all these things but I'm just doing it because it's a routine. Is this really where I want to be in Over 10 years. Thank you know, yeah, it's so important to ask yourself that question. Like where do you want to be like three four years from now even next year? Who knows like what do you want to do with your life? Like are you happy? Are you genuinely happy with yourself your situation. Can you wake up tomorrow not know the next day yesterday. I did the best that I could like. I'm happy. You know, I'm happy with the choices that I made. I'm pretty sure half of us can't even say that we are definitely not No, that's for I mean I'm not speaking for everybody. But you know majority could say that and I also think like I was thinking like the way that we grew up like not culturally like it has a lot to do with our insecurities. Yes. And the big thing is that like when you're Dominican, you're Hispanic in general. Yes, like you can't talk about to your parents like, oh, I haven't xiety. I have an insecurity. I have like the conversation that we're having. Having now. It's not that our parents are like that. They're stupid or something or they can't understand. It's just that I feel like they didn't have to grow up with the pressures and all the things that we have to deal with now so I don't think that like they don't understand how it affects like our mental health, but they don't get like the same way that you can break your arm. Like somebody can break your spirit and then you're done. Yeah. So yeah, I mean Help like you need to get help and they don't understand that so it's like that's also tough because our whole lives we have to deal with like we've learned to deal with that those insecurities those anxieties by ourselves. Yeah, you know what actually does have been I don't want to take away anything that you're saying, but I think that our parents probably did deal with those things, but they needed to suck it up and keep it moving sickly. Yeah, because I know for a fact my mom she became an adult. All probably by the age of 12 because my mom not because she had a child or anything just because she needed to stop going to school so she can work and help out or like my mom at one point. She didn't even live with my grandma. She was like kind of sent to another house for someone my mom to help out with the kids in that house and to do things that adults should be doing At the age of 12 so my mom didn't even have a childhood. So they're going through these traumatic events themselves and they don't really know how to respond to it themselves. So a person that doesn't know anything like about how to deal with things cannot help you try to deal with your own stuff and they probably just don't get it because in our culture is like suck it up and move on suck it up and move on. There is no talking about it and if there Talking about it is because I feel like the parent is educated on that topic or they know a little bit more about it where they're like, no I bet out there. There's something going on here. Like, you know, they were basically adults their whole life. Yeah, they didn't have a childhood and I saw sad, but yeah, that's probably what my mom thinks that she's like 13 now. Yeah, my mom dresses like a 21 year old this is waiting for us to be there. It's hard. It's hard to like live, especially when Society is telling you you need to do this you need to do that. You need to do it by this age. And you need to do all these things that are just like I'm trying to like better myself and think about myself first and then I'll get to everything else. But they don't really give us that time. Yeah, prioritize prioritize your needs your wants and what you need to improve on yourself and improve to make yourself better because you are the most important thing you really are the most important thing and you just need to make sure that you know, you're taking care of yourself. Yeah, and we all forgot to do that because we're so busy taking care of everything else and so busy taking care of everybody else and forget that we exist. This to self-love is the best blown literally and on that note. That was a great conversation that we had guys today. And we also have a couple of announcements in regards to our uploads. All Yes And in regards to well, yeah, that's the earlier. These are all floating. We ask for some feedback in regards to our first podcast and we decided that we're going to be changing our upload dates. So it's going to be every Tuesday instead that way, you know, you can listen to it on your way to work under way at home. Oh, yeah, you know you're getting ready and we're gonna be with you guys and everywhere. So please tune in to our next episode. You guys are getting an extra one this week just because we also needed to make that announcement and just to make sure that we're all on the same page. And thank you all for tuning in and listening, and we can't wait to talk to you guys in the next episode. Bye.