Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I think this one will be a bit of a doozy. You know, it's the audience loved your buildups. All right, everybody. I'm being mocked by my own husband even though it True. Everyone does like my buildups. I think I'm glad we've got this on record because nothing that I said was mocking your smug face. I see you in that ho oh dear listener. Okay. Well today. Well, if you don't know dear subscribers, this is the podcast where I present a song that I like to my husband to deconstruct and tell me why I like it. That's what I try to do. Not a bad hit rate so far, I think yeah. No, it's been awesome so far. So this is probably the one where I'm going to completely fail and you'll be no. No, that's not really but I think this is definitely a song you're not going to like because As we've already gone over I like everything. Here we go. My finger 1979. That's what you're going to say. Yeah. This is actually didn't come out in 1970. Okay. It's important for everybody to realize that there is a certain look that April only gets when she thinks about the year 1979 the year of her birth first year in music when she was squeezed out of her damn we've done squeezed out into the world 1979. Feeling that I don't know. I do feel like you have some Affinity with the year. I do. It has nothing to do with my birth. It has everything to do with I genuinely think it's the best year in popular music. I think it's one of the worst what really? Yes. I think it's an in-between year. It's a no man's land. It's the it's the whatever that's true for land was called between East and West Germany it nothing happens now for you. It's a trench. yeah, it's a transitional year between Punk and all the great things that happened in sort of 81 like to turn and Scar and in between those things a lot of radish it was happening prove it I got what we're going off the rails because this is not a song today from 1979 good now, I almost feel like I should switch my choice, but the longer we do this half of the podcast will probably be from 1979 because again, I do think it was the best To your popular music this while not from 1979 has that kind of feel? What I was getting to is I like everything REM is my favorite band Yes, but my favorite genre if you had asked me what's one genre of music that you could listen to you forever and ever it would be post-punk and it would be the majority of it would be from 1977 until like 1981 like that period of time. Time is my favorite. I know but I know what your least favorite but it is my favorite. Well, I know punk, you know Punk 76, right? Yeah, but really, I mean you didn't, you know, it's a British phenomenon. It didn't really leave London until 77. So what I want to know is how can anything from 1977 be considered post-punk? Well, I don't think that that first of all I bet there. Moans would disagree with you. Yeah. Well that London owns pain. I mean like whatever. Okay legs McNeil. I'm not trying to get in like what they want. That is a great reference writer Oh, I thought you said legs McNeil. I did legs like a yes. Yes. Nothing makes my legs McNeil to me sounds like, you know sort of Irish origin stripper from Chicago in the 30s living gentlemen, welcome. Change legs McNeil. I'm not trying to get an argument about when Park Punk started. All I'm saying is I know the sound from that from night roughly 1977 until roughly 1981 is just that's I the opposite of you in that I like it that it sounds like people are trying to figure out what they're doing as they're doing it. I like that. It's people trust who can kind of barely play their Be funky. I don't know. I just like it. I like the his supervisor on this podcast. This is my job. You don't have to know why you like it. The whole point is most people and quite rightly. So it's only weird nerds like me who deconstruct and analyze me is it that's fine. I'm not, you know, it doesn't make me better. There are other ones other reasons why I'm better but the point is no you're allowed to just like it. Okay. So this is actually from like 1988, but it has that same feel and okay several reasons why I chose this song. Okay. First of all, I super fucking love it. I over the last 10 if not 15 years because I still make even though we are now in space year 2020. I still make mixtapes physical actual lab mix CDs, I guess now is futuristic. We got why why do people still cold? Why do they still call a mixtape? What is this sort of Yearning to hold on to the cassette? I don't know if it's that for that. It's not it's not a yearning for me. It's just easier to I don't know what it is. You have the same mix CDs on the problem with it, but I did happens in hip-hop. Doesn't it? You know people released a mixtape. Yeah, but yeah, so I but I still do that. I still make physical media and trade it with people and stuff and I have probably put this song on if not every mixtape. 95% of the mixtapes I've made in the past 10 or 15 years you might have realized that April is prone to little bit of hyperbole. So this means for no I ask. No this isn't ask all my fans all my friends say I put it on manic steak. Are you done? Yeah, sorry. Yeah, it is. It's I definitely have put it on most mixtapes because I just love it. I think it's a killer song. It's brutal. It's awesome. It makes me just be like, yeah demand. Does it make you want to dance around the kitchen wielding a knife? It makes me more because I need the reason why you do that. Your general attitude is what makes me do. That not any song No, it makes me want to get in a mosh pit. It makes me okay. So those reasons but also another and additional reason is that the guy who produced it is our friend and it was where I was staying when I first met you oh you okay. I will grant Showbiz is house when we met and started dating and I was a bug that was breaking in and yeah, this is 1988 and Produce this oh, yes, is it the fall? It's actually not the fall. I love the fall you say that we should we should do let's get Grand to come visit us and do an F because reduced almost every fall record. Yeah, let's do that. Okay, but that's this is not the fault. This is okay a song by a band called world domination Enterprises and the name of this song is asbestos Lead Asbestos, and I need to Mark the Stalls Lead Asbestos for the British license, and I need you to tell me why do I like this? Do you not want her to punch? Somebody isn't that the wrong? That's all doesn't it make you just want to be like, ah, yeah. No, I found that. I really enjoyed the contrapuntal harmonic nature of this song. All right nerd. No, I don't like this. Okay, no correction. It came out in 1985 1988. I fucked up. I Might surprise you but later. All right. So why do you like this now? Many many many many many many years ago. Yes. Well now I've been teaching music for a long time. I'm old. I think I'm in my 18th year of being a song writing teacher and I want to put together a list of different reasons that people like me. Music great. I look at my students to actually rank. I came up with a list of 20 things from Tempo to Rhythm production values chords Harmony the relationship between Melody, you know words nostalgic her sure production values or you know, and people like music for different reasons. And I think you know as a songwriter your job actually, you know somebody for somebody Who makes music your job is to is to if you're doing your job. Well, you should love the music. You're making more than you love anything else, right? Because that's surely the point. We live in a world where there are what we're approaching a billion people. You don't need a massive percentage of them to like what you do to actually make a career you can you can you can have a career as a musician with if you've got 2,000 people like you and me if those two thousand people will say five. Thousand people spend a tenner on you a year. That's 50 Grand. Right, right, so And I made this list and I got people to rank in order and it was it was quite eye-opening for a lot of the students and for me as well in the sense that people like music for very different reasons and you can get for Kick-Ass Ariza you do. Yeah, but that's a t-shirt. Isn't it? Kick-Ass? Sorry. Yeah, the level the top level of Kick-Ass re is why I like yeah. Yes come down. I'm sorry. Kick our Suri. Yes, kickoff. Sorry anyway, so right and you I'll recite aound person and then there are multiple no nobody. There's not a person on Earth if there is a killer now who go I only like music because of the snare sound or whatever. It might be right, but you're Sound person explained further, please darling you like the the noise that things make now that could be the sound of a voice a go back a couple of episodes. What's his name Michael Stipe know a couple of episodes that beautiful song. Really? Oh my gosh Brooke been prevented you love the sound of his voice know where I grew up. I went to probably meant this for I won't go on but went to Sunday Chapel in Cardiff every Sunday and So there it wasn't really about the sound because the congregation one week might be a few hundred people the next week. It might be 70 people and you know, you get a bunch of good singers in it sounds amazing get a bunch of bad singers in it doesn't sound so good but the tunes are the same. So for me, it's always been about the melody and chords which is what I summon of this is quite challenging, but I also do like Noise Okay sounds oh right. I'm not averse to a bit. Naughty nurse and I think we need Need to talk about the sound of this record. This is why it's quite fascinating because your you've been friends with Grant who produced this for 20 years or something. Yeah, and so I'm presuming you told me a story in the break in the advert break. Although we don't have adverts as you'll have noticed. Yes. You're welcome. I mean also, thank you you're paying so that we don't have ABS. Thank you. Can you tell us the story behind this? Well, I told the story is because you said I was exaggerating that I didn't put it on everybody's mixtape and I was like actually I have I have put this on dozens of mixtapes and one of the mixtapes was Dave Grohl when I worked at Chelsea Lately, which is a television show in the United States of America where I'm from I worked there for a few years thousands of British. Listen scope really they were thinking what from the garden of England Kent charm of a Ian, you don't know I worked at Chelsea Lately for a long time and it was a late night talk show and there was a week that Chelsea Handler the host was out of town. And so the guest host was Dave Grohl for some reason she was friends with him and she just was like, hey, will you guest host my show for an entire week which he did? Anyway, Dave and I weirdly became best friends immediately because my office at the work was covered in Music shit and just pictures. I had a giant picture of Glenn Danzig at kneeling at Elvis Presley's grave. And so yeah, Dave was like whose desk is this and I was like mine and he's like bro, let's talk and we just became best friends like 2 teenagers. It was hilarious because we just talked about like which shows we have. Usually me too. Me too. I saw that band. I saw that man. It was like two 14 year olds meeting for the first time and so I do love know. It's like frost not progressed. Hi, this is April. And this is Martin and you have been listening to us on the free preview feed the Freeview feet. They'll do the free feed off. Why do I like this? That's right. Why do I like this podcast.com is the URL that you can go to to hear entire episodes what ad-free they are indeed at free and what's that URL? It's why do I like this podcast.com? That's right. Why do I like this podcast? Dot-com also patreon.com slash. Why do I like this? But I guess the easiest way is why do I like this podcast.com?