Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's prettyI liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out of Of it and showed it in our bags. Yeah, I'm leaving all my yeah, I'm taking all those things. Yep, because we are in Maui which is crazy and we will tell that story very soon and that will essentially be the whole episode of this podcast is telling the story of how we ended up in Maui on a what we've been doing and what we've been doing. But first I wanted to just say thank You for listening. Well, I already said that but I'm saying it again and thank you for leaving reviews. We like to read a few of those every time we start up the podcast and I have one that's titled Aunt Adele. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow, I'm the biggest fan of the podcast and also just them seed is family in general. I love to spend my Monday mornings with Brooke and TJ and laughs hysterically or sometimes maybe cry a little today's episode had me in a deep thought but also, So tearing up from laughing so hard the an Adele story was definitely the Highlight for me mrs. Meseta. So it's one of my teachers in high school and she goes to my church as well. Go literally ended up. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I'm very familiar. Hold on me. I'm very familiar with her unique personality. I love feeling like I'm on the part of the inside jokes and pretending to be best friends with both of you. Thanks so much for always ready New Joy. Okay. I love you. Bye PS. I met Brooke while I was working at Target one night. And I'm still embarrassed that I asked her about her deodorant. Oh, I know exactly who that is. Just awesome. She knows an Adele. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow, so that's amazing. And then I have another review that's a little more on the serious side and I'm hoping that the walk in love Community the podcast Community can help Okay. So it says the the review is called is titled friends when I don't want to have any broken TJ made Monday something to look forward to when I didn't before I moved to Maryland earlier this year and I found myself lonelier than I've ever been and for and for that hour and a half on Monday. I'm not lonely. They have a way of making all of us listeners feel like we were friends talking about life things. They struggle with celebrating wins, hashtag go swamp dragons and always saying goodbye with a reminder that we are loved like you're actually in the living room with friends you've known for years if you need a little encouragement for your heart. I highly recommend you give them. Listen, okay. I love you. Bye. Hmm, so I don't know who left that review because I can read like a username but that's really not super helpful. But this person lives in Maryland. Yeah, so I am asking the person to that left the review to message us and say tell us where you live in Maryland. Yeah, and then I'm also calling on all Maryland to listeners. Yeah, we would come out to say hey, let's let's become friends in real life. Yes with this. Austin I think it's a girl. I'm not sure actually now. But if I will find out and we're going to make friends, I like it in real life. So yeah, I thought I'd give that a try. I think I'm recording to hotly on these mics. So I'm going to just try to turn this down again or the Beth geese. So if the podcast sounds terrible blame Jeff, they actually had a lot nicer equipment microphones in US. Yeah, they're soundboards just different. It's not as our soundboards eyes are like All right, but your office and house is nicer though. So OK and they are more kids. Well, okay weird Flex, so we'll get to the Maui soon. But first i'm gonna hit you with the big news the swamp dragons are three two and one. Wow, so last week we want I was there Brooke was there June was there sonny was there that was a week ago a week ago. Oh my word and then today because We're six hours behind they've already played and the text threat has been hopping and I think there was a play a game. I can't tell it's just like they everyone just keeps hanging will never talk about tonight ever again. So oh my God, I don't know what happened, but I wasn't there but we lost so were three two and one though, but we've made the playoffs. Okay, so I missed two swamp dragon games of the Season. Wow, but hopefully they'll just forgive you. Yeah, hopefully Um, so yeah, three two and one also because it's a tower or six hours ahead. It's nine o'clock here. So 10 11 12 1 2. 3M right. Is that right? 9 10 11 12 1 2 3. I think it was five hours this whole. Well, it's a might be five. I don't know whatever it is. Either way. It's 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning our body clock time. So if broken I seem a little low on energy the Fidelity the body clock is saying hey you should be in bed or you should be already asleep for a few hours and getting up to go to the bathroom. Right one of those two things should be having you should not be recording a podcast. So right if the energy bills Blame Jeff. Okay, so we are in Maui. This is the craziest thing that we've ever done broke and I've never taken a spontaneous trip together. No, not that wasn't like. Hey, you want to drive to that mall? That's an hour, right? Yeah. Yeah. So this is that's that that has happened. We've driven to the King of Prussia Mall to each City Shake Shack obviously, but besides that we've never taken a spontaneous trip together. Yeah. So here's what happened. Jeff Bethke is a friend of Mars Jeff and Alyssa. We've never met before at his house. So never met now. I'm sleeping in his bed. Um so good. So I met Jeff originally I'll give a little back story. Yes, that's good. I met Jeff originally he was YouTuber. I was trying to sell t-shirts I said, hey, let me send it send you some and he was like, all right. He said yes, and he later told me that like so many people offering free stuff and he was like, you know, it was sort of that kind of a grudging. Yes, but just like, okay. Yeah, whatever and then he warm and he's like, oh man, these are amazing. Yeah, so more All the story walking love shirts are amazing. Yeah, I think that's more all this horror story. So we'll see you guys later because free and when I go to bed, I'm just kidding. And so then he like Tommy told us we'd like them so he sent him some more and then he was sick and then one time he messaged me and was like, I'm going to be in your area speaking at a church, right? And this was like probably a year like mm. I've no idea what year it is, but I'm saying it was like a year ish after his big YouTube video. Oh, right. It's like sort of in that first year. The book hadn't come out but the YouTube video is a big deal. It's him like doing spoken word in front of the school building and Jesus is greater than religion. If you've seen it, you know, you've seen it or if you don't know you see me probably submit. It was huge. It made the YouTube recap video. Yeah. That's how big was yeah, so he said he would be in the area and area Of our of Lancaster speaking of church, and I was like, hey, why don't you come to our retail store and do a signing? Yeah, and he was like, okay I but I don't have anything to sign. So Brooke print it out papers for him of like a quote from the video. Yeah, I think so and so he came to our store in Lancaster at the mall and people were lined out the lined up out the door to meet him. It was like a big event. Mint yeah as he sat at the couch talk to everyone and signed the pieces of paper on a clipboard that we had and gave him back to him. And so that was like the first time we met in person we ate it could go before lunch. He talked to million miles an hour. He was so friendly. It was so much fun. Yeah, and then and then when he did what he actually had his way he was back again. Yeah with his book. And so then he came inside books and then we just kind of kept in touch over the years Music Creation one time. Is that crazy? Ran into him there. I think it was the only other time we saw him. I think her sing. Yeah and just follow along with what he's doing and his move to Maui and all that kind of stuff skids, etcetera, etcetera, then he last year. He invited us to be part of this influencer group that he started and so we said yes and and I feel like him and I really connected. So I think on the intagram Jeff is Nate Wing seven. I am a 7 1 8. Yeah, so we're sort of like a flip-flop to flip-flop of two coins flip flop flip flop. What is the name of your sitcom the Per flop. No, that's it. That is a shocker. This is legit legit a show. So anyway the flippity floppity Bro skis. Yes, the flippity Dippity daps, bro Bros the flip Bros the flippity Bro Bros, you're getting that 30 minutes later. We mail it and so we would later the Japanese. Yeah, and so we went to this group three times we hung out with them Jeff and I get along really. Well. He's like a really good funny texter if I can say one thing about Jefferson Bethke. I mean, he's a good dad and husband. All I got is have a writer and whatever but his texting skills specifically his gift game this game is for is stronger than anyone I've ever met and he doesn't like the offense has really Tim's got a good gift game, but I think just better his he's so quick. Yeah, he'll and it's a crazy fight. Yeah, but you but like, you know, she's been looking. Yeah scrolling and Jeff will hit you like Bam Bam Bam three gifts in order that all kind of say the same thing and it really unique funny way. So it's one of his spiritual gifts. I'm really proud of him for it. It's worked really hard at it. And so we're in this influence our group last year. It was it was good. We really enjoyed him in a less. I really like Alyssa. Sorry Jeff. I probably like her more than I like you. I don't know, isn't it? Listen? I'm in one Is an I think I don't know if she's only one or not. Hey, hey, but it was a super sweet. Love them both. And then this last year Jeff invited me to be a part of this like Dads Club Group, which we just talked about in Austin. It was super good. Just so many takeaways from that already. And while we were there actually I was telling them about this this thing that I talked about on the podcast called Next bake a.com about how you can like find fine crazy flights and crazy and stuff. So cheap flights like kind of like Scott's cheap flights.com is another one. And I was thinking like oh man, that'd be so cool. Like I'm just kind of waiting to be they're financially and out of debt that we can do something like that and he's like that's really cool. And so we talked about it there and then he went he so he was like on the East Coast. He spoke at a like a cruise you spoken like a cruise ship for Phantom family ministry, right? Can't remember it and then he flew to Austin. We did the dad's called then he flew back to Orlando. They spent a few days at Disney and then he was going to fly home. I'll turn around and come back. Yeah, so so then they decided hey audible. Yeah, let's just stay here. They're going to do a road trip. We can't do road trips and Maui the island isn't big enough. Yeah, so this will be like a fun family thing and I was watching and he was telling everybody this on his Instagram story. Yeah, and so Wednesday, this is Wednesday afternoon morning. I probably watched in the morning. Yeah, and it might have been it's Tuesday story. I don't know. True stories Instagram stories stay up for 24 hours quick quick tip Instagram story stay up for 24 hours and lets you highlight them. But you are watching I was watching out. I was watching a live story. We didn't highlight. Let me see this girl that wasn't it. No, so I jokingly and so here's the thing. I can text people as a joke when I'm actually serious. I'm actually hoping that it's something that happens right? Like hey, I see you're going to a basketball game go to nukes for Ticket. Sometimes I'm hoping that they do. All right, or you know and I want to go to the basketball game, right? But I legit I can honestly say from the bottom of my heart that I text. Jeff is a joke. Well, of course, yeah, I was in no way implying that I wanted to come to his house by text him and said hey it I see you're extending your trip if anybody if you need anybody to watch your house, I volunteer as tribute. Yes. Well I said if you need to be watch your house dot dot dot and then send the gift. I volunteer as tribute. Yes to which you replied. Well, it's empty. You guys want to go go? Well long pause that changes everything so then I ran through it in my head. I was like and initially this was all happening. I was I think I was working at Starbucks think Brooke was at home and I was just like that's impossible, right they live in now is just a possible. Yeah. So it's like hard to tell the story one because I'm really tired right now but to also because like it was so crazy. So I came home and I was sitting on the ground chair and I started looking up fights round-trip flights. It was like two grand or 2500 2,200 2,200 to go all the way, you know round trip. And so I was like, that's just too expensive. We don't have that kind of money. That's crazy. Even though we would technically be staying at a place for free. This is I mean to go to Maui and back with a family for four Is not insane, it's not insane me. But what am I it was a lot of money too much money for us. So but my mom's a flight attendant she has been for 43 years. So then I text you have and I was like, are you serious? Or are you joking right and then he hit me with like six gifts in a row. That was like I'm dead serious. Yeah, it's serious. I'm a serious heart attack or whatever. They were. They were so good. Yeah, and so as he's really got our strongest game and so then I was like, okay, I'm going to text my mom who's a flight attendant has been for 43 years. Yeah. Wanted to see hey, what are the loads like look like because explain. Yeah if you've never gone. Can buy exactly what you mean by what envelope look so my mom is a flight attendant which means that she can have passes for her family members and extended family members. It used to be way back in the day that meant we flew for free, right but after 9/11 the rules changed, etc, etc. And so now we just fly and we pay the taxes on the plane. So like right to come here for it's like taxes and fees really really so so for me, it's just a way smaller purse. It's been a full Priced Right. So so for me to fly from DC. Yeah to which is where your mom is. My mom is based to Maui was $200 round trip for me for June and sunny $200 round trip for Brooke. It's a little bit more because she's not like an immediate. She's an end. Yeah. She's a she's a person. Yeah, my mom's your in-law. I don't know that works. I don't know. I don't understand who you qualify as an in-law. For real just your parents. Just you're just you know, anybody who's married who's in your family by law? Okay, that makes sense. I didn't know that. Yeah, I know but are you but are you an in-law to my mom? You see what our daughter-in-law? Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. I knew that. Wow. It is like Maui Maui time brain brain science. The in-laws are thing both ways. That's so embarrassing people. Were there faster joke so so $200 round-trip, right? So now it's just the downside of Saint buy tickets is that you have to there has to be empty seats on the flight. You are not guaranteed. Yeah, so you so if slides are sold out you don't go you don't try. Yeah back in the day when you couldn't check how the internet the internet we would literally plan a vacation our whole family and we just go to the airport and we would just sit at the airport all day trying to make it on our flights to go to Pittsburgh to visit. My dad's parents to go. We used up in California. So we would actually go to Hawaii for our vacations. Yeah, and so you would just kind of go and sit at the airport we Send kids ahead. So like my mom would send my older sister and me a head or my older brother and sister me and we'd always have a plan of like if we get two seats these two are going if we get three seats. These people are gone. So now I've been flying on airplanes my whole life sometimes by myself as like a third grader just you know, I know someone be there at the other end to pick me up which is crazy. And so we have experience. Oh, yeah, there is TJ what I turned I turned to Clay. I'm following up on Holly. So so the great thing is the Flies are super cheap. The bad thing is sometimes you get pulled off a plane's. I remember one time. We actually got pulled off a plane because the people who seats we had showed up and they like mosquitoes are party of six come to the front and they pulled us off and I start crying I was a little as 14 it was hard. I think I was like eight or nine. Yeah. So yeah, so my mom checked the loads and she said planes are the flights are wide open. You're my Woods like he never happened. Yeah, it's like, you know, yeah, it's not it's not often that you're like, oh there's a hundred seats on this flight. Normally. It's like well, there's 12, you know, and there's yeah. Yeah, you know, so I was like, okay, so let's start walking then I checked two checks with Jeff again. Like you're not kidding right? He's like, no I'm not so let me start walking through this process. Of like okay we could leave tomorrow and then my mom was also like I also leave tomorrow on a trip so I could just leave earlier and take you guys to the airport where I can drive you all the way to DC. So now we have a we have a drive to DC flight from DC to Chicago Chicago to Maui. Yep. And this is right around like 6:00 p.m. On Wednesday night. Yeah, and we are flight openly Thursday at 8:15 a.m. But it's out of DC which is a three-hour drive. So we will Relieving at 3 a.m. Yes, 6:00 p.m. Right now. We were leaving at 3 a.m. Seven eight nine. Ten. Eleven twelve one, two, three, nine fingers up. You got nine hours nine hours. We had when we got the confirmation. Oh my word we're going. Anyone need to leave. So Brooke. How did you feel when that was happening? I mean, I felt really excited about just like we seriously doing so are we going about you? Well first look hold on for I called my mom and was like, hey, what are the flights like and there was like this two-hour period of like she wasn't quite she wasn't home to check but she said you would as soon as she got home we were unsure if we could make it work. So there was but you kept saying we both Saying to each other I want to I want to go but I'm also nervous. There was like this moment where like we were kind of nervous to fully say that we really wanted to go because there was still potential that it couldn't happen. She could have called us back and then like the flights or oversold. There's no way you're making it away. Of course. Yeah, but I didn't know what to do. So I was like Panic cleaning right? We're here because I was like if we're seriously leaving in nine hours. Our house is not ready to be left behind right like so I just was like, that's the only thing I can do. Yeah, go pack right do anything else to buy anything because I don't know. So I started in like a swirl of Cain of panicking and I literally just kept tapping my phone to make sure that did just yeah just like waiting waiting waiting. Yeah. She calls flight to write open. Yeah. And then we like sort of like blink our eyes clink clink. Clink. I guess we're going to Maui tomorrow tomorrow. We're leaving in nine hours. Yeah, so we literally are doing what we're doing right now. We were just looking at each other with why just like what how what is this happening? So when we found out that it we were like officially going I decided to call my mom and invite her and so this is to me as your husband. This was one of the most obvious signs of personal growth I've ever seen happen like that. like it was because normally when it comes to like big decisions like this one your willingness to go to Maui surprise will surprise some people but that didn't really surprise me because like we'd been there before we were coming to a house a house where they had kids like, yes, it is a lot of things already figured out. Yeah. I definitely felt that I was like we were just in Maui. Yes. May I know where we're going? I've been to that house. I have a crib. They have all the fun. I wasn't feeling like we need to pack right we need to take all the things. Across the world yet. Like if it was like Hey, we're going to a friend's house in Malaysia. Well, I would have been like wait. No. No, so like people were impressed on it on Instagram models and point people like Brooks and I how is she doing? How is she holding up and so like that was there is a lot of Truth to the fact that like it was known. Yeah where we were coming. Yeah. It's still impressive that you just like we're on board right away. Yeah, but what was more impressive to me was sort of how you just like didn't overthink inviting your mom right? You just sort of Jumped into it so you can tell that story. Well, yeah, I just decided like I've always said that I wanted to travel somewhere like this with my mom here, maybe Bermuda or somewhere like that. And so when we were like realizing how cheap it was going to be to get our whole family to go like what what is the cost of just buying a ticket on the same flight that we're going to be on? Yeah. It was like 600 bucks. We're not drink. Yeah round trip was like he owned invite my mom. My dad's going to Michigan all know. Week for work. So he's not even going to be home. Right? She's always wanted to come to Hawaii because because her mom had been her parents had been here once and they her mom just loved it. Yeah and just couldn't get over. You know how beautiful it was here. And so I wanted to I mean, she's always one of my mom's always wanted to come and yeah turn 60 last year and hasn't come yet. And I just don't think my parents would come together. It's a long flight for my dad has like so some back issues and stuff and like I don't know maybe he was right. I was just like, oh my goodness. I feel like I need to invite her so I called her and I was like, okay she answers and I'm like, hey, what are you doing? Super exciting? I was like, so speaking of exciting great segue though as strong I heard You're like man. I wish this on the podcast. Yeah, he's like a Segway for those of you don't know is like when you go from one type of conversation to another smoothly so quick tip. Wow, or it's a scooter. Yes to me. Yeah, so I was just like so crazy world of story short. We are leaving for Maui tomorrow morning at 3:00 a.m. And then I kind of explained that in like try to keep it real system. Is like a question asker? Yes, and I was like, yeah, give him more details that I need to yeah, so I gave her like three sentences like how we got there how we're going to get to go. Yeah, and I was like, so my question is do you want to come with which is funny because she thought you were gonna ask if you could watch a girl she was maybe kind of processing like, oh, it's like she knew they were coming. I thought maybe that was going to be a question like, can you So she was like my head is spinning. Let me call you back mean while you're on the phone and I'm chanting in the back do do it do it do it. So she called me back like 20 minutes. It was like I'm in buy my ticket so so she got her tickets tickets and she was at my mom's house. Yeah, and so we welcome it to you. Yeah. So first we packed until about 11 o'clock that night, bro. And to Target I put the girls to sleep. It was just didn't even well, I guess we did tell Jen. Yeah. Sorry. I was kind of yeah, and so the Brooklyn to Target got swimming suits further girls. I'll grow their ones from last summer. So it's just like the such a crazy thing. Yeah, and it swimsuits with the kids Wednesdays for Bible get 1/2. So God is really evident that our view it's yeah. God is real God that Israel. God is something we're saying God Israel, which also kind of makes sense Bible is right anyways, so we wake up at 2:00. I don't know if we slept I know we did but when you're like so excited named about something it's like hard to sleep. And then you're my mind. I just like I couldn't turn it off right you were just like I just kept thinking we have everything exactly. All the things I mean, I was excited. She will surely should we not take yeah, it was just like so we got up thinking I showered we got the girls up. There were fine. And that's the that's the that's the coolest part about. This is like it was like, how are the girls and like kids are so resilient like, you know don't whine and complain a little bit here and there but like they do that at home too. Yeah, it would do that if we welcome at the normal time sometimes. Yeah, and so they just like your kids just trust you they just Just yeah believe that you're doing something good for them. Yeah, which is like sort of a lesson that in there about God just like do we just trust him to just like wake up groggily and be like, what do you have for me Lord? Like yeah lead me and all you know follow. Yeah, I don't pacifically tomorrow. Yeah. I mean if that's where you're calling me, I will go I'm just waiting for the text. And so we got the car with my mom drove, you know, she drives three hours to to work. Yeah, she'll work every day obviously because she flies Rex but she was going to Tokyo. She helped us get on get through security. We got there scary. We went through plane. Yeah on our way to Chicago. Yeah a nice two and a half hour flight. Yeah flying with kids is not fun. It's just not enjoyable and I think you just sort of have to understand that. Yeah, anytime anybody's reached out. Like what's your secret? You're like your secret the secret is you just have to accept that it is what it is this. Good luck. Hope that it's great. And all goes well, but most likely it won't was like yes, someone will melt down something will happen and you just have to be okay with yeah. Are you be that okay just didn't know it's going to happen. Right? You're not like blindsided and really it's just like the age of like zero to three ish. Yeah. Music June is super easy to fly with yeah when she just turned 5 you pop that iPad, but even when I flew with her when she was four super easy barely an inconvenience. Yeah, so he's done. He's just yeah, so he's getting out of it means he better than that. Yeah, but she can watch a movie or watch part of a movie. And so there was stuff to Entertainer. But yeah for so we landed in Chicago our next fight left in like 40 minutes. So we kind of had to hustle to our next gate. We literally walk to the game there and more. Yeah, and so we didn't get to buy any food. No our snacks horror here at it, but we made it on the plane. We had a whole Road ourselves and a little bit extra on the Behind is really nice. The flight was pretty open. So people are moving around. So we had plenty of seats Sunny struggled on that flight June did great. It was just like a said he's not a cuddly sleeper. You neither of our kids have been so trying to get them to sleep on an airplane is so difficult. It's like you have to wait till they're just totally exhausted and they cry really hard death 15 minutes or so and then they've yeah, but yeah twice that happened because it's a nine hour flight. Yeah laughs but you know spine and Overall the you know playing playing I don't even know what to say. It's just like terrible but it also was yeah, it's a freaking well that one well babe freaking you know what those hard-ass. Whoo. Yeah, like because we did it non-stop one time and it was 11 hours. Yeah, so it's just a great get you just deal with it. You suck it up. You just go with it. But I've a terrible 11 our days at home. Yeah. So then we made it and we landed and we landed about 26 hours after we had decided that we were coming which like that's insane. That is yeah. It was just such like a crazy crazy thing and now we're here in Maui. We're going a podcast telling you guys a story like it just it doesn't It doesn't feel real like broken. I just keep plugging hers at each other. Like can you can you believe that were here? Right? Like can you were here? How did we get here? Because it all kind of feels like a blur. Yeah. Now that I've forgotten the day like we're doing stories in June's preschool teacher was like so I guess you won't be in class tomorrow like oh, yeah, we should fight or next week. So yeah, we're here till Thursday. We did figure out the June I think has a little bit of a sun allergy. Oh bless her which Here when we came to Maui. She was complaining about being itchy. We thought it was the sunscreen that we had brought. So we use new sensor and you never tried and so I was just like I said that's got to be the only thing that's changed and so but yeah, she would just every night. We'll just and so like back and chest right? So itchy bumpy. Yes. My sister is a pool though. So like it's literally just like the intensity of the sun here. I think just affects her and I think because we came from Winter on the east coast in our skin. Hasn't seen the Sun at all. There's like yeah. No. Yeah. No we are we are ghostly white out there. Yeah, it's like you look down at my eyes asking for a friend. Yeah, look out for him next time. We're at the beach. I'll be crazy. I would be crazy. They're prescription. Yeah, their prescriptions. Are you put them on they feel weird? They're my prescription. But if they help you see just keep them going to get a new pair anyways, right? So yeah, but let me know let me know that we have the same prescription because I would be fun right could be we could be prescription plans. Oh, I like that too. Hi. Okay. So back to June. Yes, sweet. I did figure out. Little Googling that it's definitely just like the intensity the sun because I was Googling like sun poisoning and things like that. I'm like, no it's not that but then you know how Google shows you like other questions people Google to find an answer and one was like why am I suddenly allergic to this point and then it was like she had all the symptoms so we gotta give you got her a new swimsuit. That's like a rash guard. That's and I feel like she's on better the last two days, but it's deadly sort of change. But even like even from the first day it can lie. last the hives I'm like, let's go. Yeah, they described it could last up to a few days or up to two weeks. So like even if we're protecting her now, she might be at you just don't actually think it is compounding a little bit but we're also here five-year-old out of the sun when you're in Mary. Yes not going to happen. So we're just like we're just trying to do her best. Yes, sort of bad parts of the day. Luckily the Weather Channel quick tip. The weather channel app has a UV rating. Yeah, and what's crazy is like my sister is a pool. So Route a lot in the summer. Okay powers. And your mom was like well wonder if the UVU scale is different here than it is in Pennsylvania was like that would be a terrible scale that I don't you love is different than 80 degrees at home. I don't know if that's all science works. So any you know, there's not really a main point of this podcast. Here. Yeah, we're still here where your till Thursday. I wanted to ask you Brooke. Is there anything we didn't really recap our last week. We don't have strong feelings. We were unprepared why me now is whispered later. I don't even know it's happening. Luckily. We got our trash cans out though at home. Only someone took him back in that's there's probably rotting fruit in our kitchen Kim and we're listening break into our house. I did forget to send the text to this is to say there was a lot of fresh thyme. I mean, it's in the fridge. That's right. Yeah should be fun. There's probably a lot of cat barf. What come home to Quick tip don't have cats. Is there anything though that who wants who once again, she's black. She's white. She's terrifying you'll love her remember? She's like God, how do we take calls? Is there anything that you feel like you've learned through this process? That was my more like serious question to maybe get some something wonderful or listening. Okay. Hopefully these audio levels downgrade. I'm a little nervous, but well, yeah. Yeah, I would say that I sort of said this like once we've realized okay, we're really going like so I'd stop Panic cleaning and decided like oh we need to do something for real. They have to like, what is the next? What is the next right thing? Yeah, and as I was kind of swirling around figuring things out, I just said out loud to you that I'm so grateful that I know myself more now than like more now than ever because being spontaneous is not in my personality. It's just not But knowing that it's not like knowing yourself knowing what I am and what I do well allowed me to sort of lean into and just choose I am going to be spontaneous right now right now natural for me. It's not this it's not that that I'm going to choose it and I'm going to run towards it and it's going to be okay. Like I I'm not gonna overthink it right going to be actively choosing spontaneity. Yeah, and I think we're both maybe years ago. I would have been so overwhelmed with the thought of all that that entails right packing for a family of four to travel half looks like one like that. I would have talked myself out of it. I would have been more negative when you were suggesting the idea right? I would have been annoyed you were suggesting idea, which is crazy to say I'm annoyed. My husband is suggesting we all go to Maui. All right, but I would have been like are you even thinking about what that means right like hello. Hello meow meow meow meow. And so knowing, you know, just knowing my strengths allowed me to just sort of choose it right you like? Okay, it's gonna be all right. Yeah, let's do this. And I think that is a good lesson because you can end up in a place where you're like, I'm not very outgoing but I'm going to this party. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to this event and I'm going to choose to be outgoing. It's not much right? It's not something I'm good at but I'm going to actively choose it because I know it will be be helpful to the my friend throwing this party or helpful to the people that have invited me here or whatever and sometimes I think we just like say oh, we're not good at this or we're not good at that. So we just don't write and never push ourselves even though we're like, you know with parents were like, hey, you're you're scared of that. Will you can do it? We try to push our kids to practice bravery strength and courage and patience and then when it comes to us, well, yeah, that's not for me. So I'm not going to yeah, which is crazy. Yeah. The other nice thing is that Because I know I'm not spontaneous. I was able to just like Jews it in that moment and then not feel like oh I should just be more spontaneous right all the time. They always like this in our daily life. Like I just you know, I would I was able to just see it for what it was and be like proud of myself for doing something like that. Right, but then just not like when we get back next week, I'm going to you know, yeah we searched for some spontaneous thing to do, right? And I'd be okay with that. And yeah, I feel like yeah, that was great. That was cool. I did that. I learned that I learned how to do that and I practice that so that the next time let's say it does come up though two years from now or you know, whatever. Yep. Anybody have any cool houses anywhere in the world. Let us know right? We will come space available yet the Lord. We thank you for it. Deepest but yeah, just enjoy we practice bravery. We tell our girls to practice these things. And so you practice spontaneity. It's not something that you're going to keep your not going to actively choose spontaneity all the time. I think that would that would stress me out feeling the pressure. That's kind of trying to say the pressure to do. Yeah. Where I actually think for you and your personality, it does fill you up more and speak to who you are more. And so if that's if it's not something we can do together as a family then I need to sort of encourage and acknowledge that it is something that works for you. All right, and so when spontaneously are like hey, I want to go do this or I'm going to do that, right or can I do this? I need to go. Yeah sure. I'm assuming a correct Yes mine, but Not be like, oh, are you sure? Because it's different. Mmm. We're two different people. We are we got we're different. So the thing that I learned was a week and a half before this we had sat down and sort of talked about our vacation budget for the year, which is something we've never really had from Mostly because we've never we don't really go on vacation because someone who just include it into our job, right but we were like we'd set a vacation budget there because of this next vacay app that I use and get a cheap flight service. There was a set of flights to New Orleans. For 125 round-trip not space available just regular tickets. This app is amazing. It's not an app. It's more of like a email service. Yeah, and we were really considering that we're walking through that and then we'll kind of go to max out our vacation budget by the time we didn't Air B&B Etc. And so we'd like we were getting close to pulling that trigger to go to nollans. But then we just like had I don't know it doesn't it doesn't quite sit. Right? Probably the right foot. Yeah, not that we don't want to go. But like is that really what we want to max out? Out our vacation Budget on yeah, and so we talked about it and we made the decision to say no and then a week and a half later. This happens it if that I don't even know. What was that long it's crazy, you know, it's about half our vacation budget, which is crazy because we're in one of the most beautiful places on Earth. Yeah, and so it's just like it's just with such a cool lesson in me of like we planned we had talked about the plan and we had figured that this was You know, this one trip wasn't right for us. And then something else came came out that was better and I was just like this we like that those prices are amazing this hypothetical thing we might go do is oh, yeah, but let's really talk about it for what it is and not based off of what if no other flight comes in, right? What if nothing else what if we don't go anywhere like we just were able to look at it for what it was and say that's the kind of go there or not and then we we decided not to not because it wasn't a good trip, but it was just like there was just There's something off about it and then this happened. So it was just I was just kind of this cool thing where it's like sometimes you feel like oh if I pass up on this nothing will ever happen or like, you know, this is the best opportunity I have or whatever and then not that I was and normally I think I would have felt that but because of personal growth and self evaluation and knowing my weaknesses and my strengths I was able to be like it's okay to say no to this and if nothing, I don't know, what's even though I don't know what's coming. I don't have to say yes to everything. Thing that seems cool because it's fun to say yes, right. And so yeah, and if I could, you know tie it back to her lack of a better example when you're dating someone okay, and you know, you need to break up with them and it's always so because like I froze brief period time I was a small group leader and I just remember going first one so kind of years in her brief period of time I thought I was gonna break up with you and I got so nervous. No, no. No I saw So switched what I was going to example I was going to use are you all right? I'm okay for him, but I just remember because this was never my thing so much as I just remember walking some other grocery this, you know, they knew they needed to break up with whatever but they were like 10% interested in someone else and I would always feel like it's not between the two. All right, like do not make your decision to break up with Brad Brad because you maybe could someday A see something with someone. So like you needed a strong foreign exchange students are variant. Um, they ended up together. So the story is amazing. No, but the I would always encourage my life. It's either Brad or not Brad. All right, you know what? I mean like you got to make the decision based. Yeah that and not between the right, you know the comparison and I remember we had a conversation about this way back. No, no, About me and you rather not Breath Right, but just and this was a phrase we used to use a lot was God's better is better and like that is so true. Yeah, whether it is something like a silly vacation or something else. Yeah way more serious. Like we just have to believe that. Mmm-hmm. That's kind of yeah and someone wrote us a comment. That was like, you know, you guys have given space to Put your families a priority put your kids is a priority and this feels like God is just breathing life into your family by providing doesn't kill emotional thing about someone saying that to us because that has been the case. We have spent sort of a year plus sort of like re-evaluating Andre figuring out the rhythms of our lives and still actively choosing to do that in a way. That's like not like, you know, we said goodbye to the biggest income. You know, we've said By to some hard things not knowing what was next but understand that God's better is better and I don't mean that financially because I think it's so easy to take that financially right? But it was just like there's been such an overflow moment flow moment overflowing overflowing with lemon. It's a is like a level but right, okay, okay. You're dead. I'm tired. I'm tired. Yeah, I feel like I'm always tired you guys because we record yeah, but I just said overflow moment married and now I'm kind of embarrassed of myself. I'm blushing. I don't watch a lot. Anyways, just there's just been so many things were God's better soon veteran this year and this just feels like another one where it's just like how did this How is it houses possible, right? You know and I mean that both like literally how are we in Maui resident? Like how is this possible that we have this space and time to do this? Yeah. How is it possible that my mom is a flight attendant like there's just so many layers. Like I sent Jeff shirts nine years ago or whatever it was, you know, and you just wanted it has led to a genuine friendship. And yeah, you just never know where I'm sleeping in his bed butt naked and so it just feels no you did not. Not I don't think I can take that right. I've been overflowing of movement. You just never know. It's just cool. I think we need to go to bed. Okay, I need to still upload this but we need to go to bed and you strong feelings before we go. Oh man. Um, I don't my brain is fried. Mine is just that malli is beautiful and it is so I because traveling can often make me feel like like anxieties were at least not over like the literal travel like a not afraid of an airplane or anything. Right? But just like what it's a lot to process. It's a lot of like what is next? What does you know? I recently heard a nines personality described as like a bunch of dominoes lined up on a table and that's how you see like all the all the next steps all the choices all the possible outcomes in life and you're trying to manage those dominoes and so often we as a nine take our own Domino's out thinking that that's how we're able to control some things about. Well, if I remove myself from a situation, then it's not going to be all right, you know where my opinion or my whatever? but where was I going with this that that yes that I can often feel a little swirly about traveling right, but whenever I do finally get somewhere. I always am just like this is so great. It's so awesome to see other parts of the world to just see how was your sisters and see literally my balls like see other place. That's Housing Works. Unless you're blind you're applying this works. It's going strong feelings are it's travel he's worth it. I'm so not riveting. You heard it here folks traveling is worth it. Sorry guys, you can do it riveting stuff now, he's beautiful. Yes. My drug dealings are okay. I love you. Bye is just one word. That's that's the consensus. I think there's no there's no commas. Okay. Yeah, no Mount Rushmore today. We're too tired to Delirious. We've been giggling to the last 10 minutes. You're welcome. Thank you for listening. We really appreciate leave a review. Let us know. Let us know that something is riveting in the review just to three words blank is riveting performance clear and overflowing of Joy mixture. All right, we don't we all have the opera music so we have to sing. Are you ready? I'm ready.