Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful product in exchange something. I'm really really grateful for today's show is yet again another question from you the audience and this question comes from my boy. Eric he is f dot at Instagram @ F dot fdot. He is a fantastic artist and illustrator. He is an exceptional muralist some of the stuff. He's done still just blows my mind the immense scale and scope of the work. He's done is truly outstanding and funnily enough. We had, you know found each other on Instagram and and started sort of sharing mutual appreciation for each other's work and as some of you know, I Do murals every now and then it's an extremely arduous time-consuming difficult intimidating process and I needed to do a little research on how to apply one of my designs to the wall and Eric one of his resources on his website is is just that is showing you the Myriad of ways to do that and I was Googling probably something as simple as how to apply mural to a wall and Eric's website came up as one of the top results and I'm so grateful. Awful for it because it's just so well written and so resourceful and I'm grateful for that. So today's question is it's a big one. It's a slightly, you know, philosophical and I am grateful that I got a chance to really consider it and I sat with it for a while and it brought up just a lot of different thoughts and really just it's a big one. So we'll jump right into that. If you want to leave a question for the show, you can do that at anchor dot f m / real fun pod and there's a little button at the bottom that says Measured new message and you click that and you record a message and we talked about it on the show. So again, today's question comes from Eric Eric hit me with it. Hey, Darren, Eric F dot here. I got a quick question for you for your podcast. My question is something that was asked of me a few weeks ago and I haven't been able to get it off my mind and the question is what is enough and I think the person who asked this was asking me about what is enough freelance work or what is enough projects or things how many different balls can you juggle what is enough amount of things to do and it's really complicated question. There's not really one answer on any given day and it can change but so I'm not looking for you to answer it straight up, but I would love to hear you just Riff on this idea of finding balance and making sure that you're filling up all the buckets of your life. So what is enough look like for you? Have you ever had an experience where you took on way too much and then you had to balance it out by letting go of some things that weren't serving you. So anyway, thanks a lot for the art man. Keep it up. Talk soon. What is enough shit that is tough from a freelance artist perspective. I don't think there really is enough. I know some artists have a much better sense than I do of time management and scheduling out work to know what their financials are and how they need to be covered and And God bless them for me. I operate from two modes one. Is that of scarcity and fear? I'm really afraid to stop taking work. Even if it means that I'll end up with too much and the quality of the work might suffer. I've certainly gotten better over the past few years and I'm much more selective and careful with how much I take on but I still reach those places of taking on things just because I want to feel financially sound the second place that I operate from is that of a love for the work. I really love creating and even when it comes to client work and there's an inevitable Sacrificing of one's voice in that space. I still get to be in the mode of creation and my thoughts and ideas still get to come to life. So in the quote is there enough is is a simple. No, there isn't again in the freelance space not knowing when your next gig is going to arrive. It's really hard to not take on maybe more than you can handle on. I think this line of work is a careful balance of planning and scheduling and Trust three things that aren't really my strongest qualities. I'm trying to get better at all of them part of why I create so much is to just to stay relevant as possible. I want to make sure that I'm ever present in people's minds. I want them to know that I'm there and I'm ready to offer my services, which is also in line with the enough question. I don't I don't think I could ever get enough praise or validation. I mean, you know to be brutally honest, I'm pretty insecure. I require a lot of require a lot of soothing and a lot of letting things letting letting me know that that things Okay, and again something I'm working on and struggling with but I'm getting better and bringing more awareness to it. I think that the question inherently begins at you know, really early point in all of our lives that requires a pretty deep exploration of what our upbringing was. Like did we get enough as a child personally? That's something that I'm still exploring, you know digging through all the viney overgrowth that is the jungle of childhood and I've been seeing a therapist for a couple years now and it's been immensely helpful. Full in gaining some greater insight as to how my upbringing forms most of my interactions with the world as an adult. I never really took too much of that in consideration, but the inner child is there and you sort of the boss of it all now that I'm a father I recognize really what a delicate process it is to convince the child that what they have is enough. Maybe it's about somehow filling in the hole a bit. So it just isn't as deep or maybe a better yet the understanding that the whole has nobody No matter how much we put into it. It'll never be filled and just finding gratitude for what was put in the whole verse how much of the hole is filled and as I was reflecting on it further of the question of what is enough. I don't know that I've ever really personally experienced the feeling of fulfillment. I've always craved more and more sensation more stimulation more safety more security. I when I started seeing my therapist, I was having crippling anxiety around money. I was I was read about it from the moment. I open my eyes in the morning. It was right in my face. It's just this feeling that I didn't have enough and when my therapist asked what it was that I was afraid of happening because I didn't have enough money. I didn't really have a good answer. I knew that I wasn't going to suddenly become destitute and living out on the street a new in my rational brain that I was supported if worse came to worse, I'd people who could help but without going into that too much deeper. I think support is something that I have difficulty accepting and understanding again, you know, not enough never enough now several years later. I'm doing much better financially than I've ever done. I have no real reason to be worried. But yet I still focus on if Of it is enough. I think not having a personal definition of what actually is enough. They're really not being an answer to that keeps that needy feeling alive. And well, I also think that there's a lot of societal pressure and so much focus and attention on opulence that it's pretty easy to feel like what you have even if it's more than enough somehow doesn't feel that way. I can also test to a lack of education and knowledge around all of of everything really Ali being a contributing factor to this uneasy feeling that I often experience. I just feel as I get more and more older and more professional and being a parent and all these things. I just realized how little I actually know and that sort of Unknowing is a very uneasy place to be I think it sort of feels like walking blindfolded and knowing beyond a shadow of a doubt that the grounded front of you is flat and clear but you still lack the trust to walk with confidence. I'm experiencing lessons at just a rapid Pace, you know having within a three-year period become a father and a business owner to things that require knowledge that really wasn't taught to me. My high school was was very scant on lessons about emotional intelligence or the intricacies of payroll liability tax. You got to know about that. Yeah me neither, but now it's something that I'm experiencing and I'm really fighting through just sort of an overwhelming feeling of it. All and just trying to better understand really just in the grander broader scope what this Human Condition really is and what were responsible for and how we can really just get through each day with not without being overwhelmed really and the more I consider the question the more unfolds for me. I think really presence is really the key to this all I think this feeling of scarcity comes from thinking ahead of this moment right now. I think most of us if we were asked do we have everything we need? This moment we could probably honestly answer. Yes presumably we all have clothes on our bodies and we're comfortable and we're fed and hydrated and we're breathing in our our eyes and our ears are open taking in the sensation and stimulation. It's only really when we think past the moment that we can see parts of our lives that maybe seem like they aren't enough. So, you know I starting to feel like I'm entering territory that might be better suited for someone who has a more intimate knowledge of The Human Condition than me, but at the end of the day, I'm just a dude experiencing this all in real-time and really just being left with more questions than answers. So yeah, I think to answer the question simply is I don't know what enough is and so in a way it keeps me keeps me going and keeps me driven, but it also at the same time stresses me out and makes me worried and makes Think ahead of the present moment. And so just trying to get back to the moment right here right now. I'm sitting here recording this podcast. I'm warm. I'm fed closed. I'm safe. That's that thank you so much for the question Eric. I really appreciate it and gave me a lot to think about and still continues to do. So, so thanks again Eric. This next question comes from Taylor everard, okay. I got that right Taylor hit me with it stumbling into or purposefully creating your own art style. How'd you do it, please and thanks. Peace. First of all, I love how concise and brief and beautifully worded that question was no Superfluous nests in their every word counted good question Taylor something that I haven't given too much thought before you asked where my style or my sort of look came from but I think as long as we've been human there's been this desire to design a design. A desire to arrange desire to lay things out in a way that are appealing to our senses. I always had an appreciation for that but I don't think at an early age. I can really Define it as such there's always been this inherent indefinable love for design. I love the infinite nature of the way that lines and shapes can be arranged. I especially like the things that were done a long time ago long before the age of computers when I was human and the tool that they held their hands whether it was wood carving use for Block burning or typesetting arranged by hand. Absolutely, love the human quality that peeks out from old design produce boxes. You guys familiar. Maybe you see them all the time. You don't think twice about them produce boxes are one of my favorite forms of design and layout an illustration that I've ever seen and I think that they're really like a perfect example of the type of design that I love design that is incorporated and used in a way that isn't really designed front fronted design focused. Of course, there's design and there's a Attention put into it, but it ends up on a produce box and gets put on a truck and put into a grocery store. And then it's just kind of there just kind of exists in its only if you really notice that kind of stuff that it has any appeal. Of course for me to the the just the whole the nature of it. All is the is something that I just find so so very appealing and I think stuff like that produce boxes and old packaging anything that kind. I've had a designer's touch to it, but really just kind of Blends into the background and maybe isn't as noticed as much so I think that it's around these things that are really cool to me and it makes me often wonder is it cool to everybody else or is it even cool to the person who was assigned the job initially or was it just you know work for the designer to put together a box for vegetables and they did Their work and they put it out and didn't think anything of it not knowing that me would find it. So just beautiful and inspiring and I think just there's so much design out there that it can all kind of get drowned out. And so really just tuning into the things that are a little bit more rare or special really inspire me and things that just are old. I mean really A full that, you know, the Vintage look and design is very in Vogue right now. It's you know, really good for me because that's certainly what I what I lean towards and it's in people find it really appealing and and I just wondered to the folks who made those produce boxes. No God damn cool it is or you know, is it just is it just that we're all in this kind of harkening back to stuff that existed before we were alive. Is it maybe that's the appeal? I love the Vintage. Look it was something that wasn't actually happening while we were alive and and happened before and you know, just that kind of we like we like things that are old and I don't know. I don't really know how to explain it but there's definitely something that really really appeals to me and you know with how much fashion dictates Trends these days and in an effort to sell as much shit as humanly possible having fifty two seasons a year. There's no possible way that we could possibly have a generation defining Style or look and so I think we lean back to the past and find things that were done before that appeal to us back to the times that that to me feels like there was no way that the artists or designers who are putting their work on something like a matchbook could have possibly known how truly cool we would find it this day and age. So I draw, you know, I draw inspiration from a lot of places. That's a question. I get a lot if I'm doing an interview or something that people say, you know, where do you find your inspiration and I'd Just try not to focus on directly on on any one source. I think my broad sources of inspiration are what keep you going always finding something new and something new now with all that being said, I also love psychedelics and they contribute a huge amount of inspiration from from my experiences with that and I try I try to create psychedelic work but not in the vein of what is often, you know known as psychedelic art that came out in the 60s, really. Bright colors and you know artist attempt at encapsulating what the Psychedelic experience is through ART. I try to really just gaps Ali more of the vastness the mystery that confusion. Aw. I actually find it quite frustrating to even conceive of being able to produce work that translates directly to what I experienced in that space. So I would say it's more like what would happen if someone who was telling someone who was telling someone who was telling someone else what a psychedelic experience was like And they had to kind of reduce it to its Bare Essence. That's really what I like to try and describe my work as it's kind of like a Neo psychedelic. It's really hard for me to properly articulate how I got to the style that I'm working in. I feel like it's just a little bit of a lot of things all thrown together in this, you know pot of diversity and when considering this question it caused me to reflect on where I am currently in how contemporary of a situation Ian this all is firstly I truly believe it was if it wasn't for Instagram, I wouldn't be here based on the idea that I could have never received as much attention and thus building a career without it. But on more of a personal level, I'm not sure that I've ever really would have tried so hard had I not received feedback and validation that I get from using the platform. I wasn't really creating before the platform came around and like I explained on a previous episode. I never set out to build an art career using Instagram it just sort of evolved that way I I had pictures of my family and my dog and other random things that I thought were worth sharing and then I started posting my illustrations it then felt like there was a purpose for drawing to share it on the platform to have this kind of motivation is sort of had this this self-imposed obligation to continue to deliver art to people in presenting it to the world putting myself out there. I really couldn't be more thankful for the chance to have access to the to the world to share my work with and I'm grateful that this weird thing that is social media propelled. Me forward and fed into my Creative Energy and ambition. It's wild that brings me to a situation that occurred this morning. I put up a post. It caused a lot of a lot of energy behind it a lot of comments a lot of anger and frustration from people and I thought about it for most of the day and ultimately decided to pull the post down just because I felt like what I was trying to Chief wasn't really wasn't really Landing or I don't know. It was a lot amongst a lot of people but there was also a number of people who who didn't like my brooch and I then posted another boast sort of explaining myself which even that I felt weird about because I didn't really feel like I needed to explain myself. I know that art is meant to sort of evoke controversy and discussion and really just kind of bring up. Feelings of people to have discussions about and I got scared and I got you know, I got a little bit intimidated that I was doing the wrong thing or that I was I don't know it became something bigger than I than I had anticipated. And for those who missed it. It was a post in big bold letters. It says Instagram is dead and it had the date 2010 when Instagram was incepted to 2020 and then I explained in the comments that That Instagram was closing down next month, which isn't true. And any quick Google search would have shown as much and I encourage people to sign up for my mailing list because I wanted to remain in touch with everybody and that is a really the only way that is sort of guaranteed to be able to stay in touch with people is through their inbox and not relying on social media platforms that have come and gone over the years and there's no reason to think Ink that Instagram isn't going to be one of them that will meet the same fate as Myspace or Friendster or any of the ones that we thought we'd be living with forever. I often reflect on the fact that it's highly unlikely that this platform will be something in the next 30 Years and I can speak personally that I put a lot of put a lot of faith into it being around and counting on it as a means of reaching people. And so This was a way of kind of just you know, maybe shaking people up a bit and sort of bringing some awareness themselves to the fact that this platform is temporary like everything in this world and we need to find ways as artists or as small business owners to reach our audience in a way that isn't relying on major corporations. And so that was really it I did it in a way that I thought was funny and what's you know, I thought it was obvious that that I was making a joke and to a lot of people who wasn't and it was up. Setting and they I was being accused of spreading fake news which God I never thought I would be lumped into that category. I wasn't trying to cause any, you know fear or really just try and manipulate people which I was being accused of as well. I was I was really just making a statement and it landed in ways that I just sort of didn't really expect so I took it down but really the main point of it all is that we have to as artists and as creators and as business owners, we have to make sure that we are not counting on others to help us and that's really just the main point of it all and if you want to read further, there's a post on my feed where I go into sort of justifying my reasons for doing what I did and it's uncomfortable and it's puts me in a weird place where I have to accept that people are upset and I have to face people Sing making comments that are less than kind and really just kind of put myself in a place that I'm more susceptible than maybe I actually want to be so that was that and to those who are still rocking with me. I really really appreciate it. And I'm glad you were able to see what I was trying to prove there by really just kind of shaking things up and putting something in there that would really just cause people to maybe Some self-examination in what they're using the platform for and you know from from the side of things of the user who isn't running a business who you know goes on Instagram to look at businesses and to look at Art and to look at you know, whatever their whatever they choose to follow is is also just equally as important to say one day we woke up and you didn't have that. What would that mean to you? Would that would that really caused something of a issue in your life? Would that would that really? Cause something that would potentially be detrimental to your livelihood. Would it shake up your your foundation of how you interact with the world such that it would be off-putting, you know just stuff to consider because I mean it's temporary is everything is certainly social media is at the tippy top of that. So I think that this is kind of a good place to leave this episode. I really appreciate all of you who continue to support Me and it just really means a lot and I am ever grateful. And if you want to leave a question, you can do that at anchor dot f m / real fun pod hit the new message button and record a message and we can talk about it. So thank you so much. I really truly am grateful for everybody's support. Take care of yourselves so you can take care of each other by.