Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the current as if caught along the riverbed curious the fisherman laid his pole on the bank. He wanted a closer look. But the current was too strong for him to safely Wade much deeper. He spotted a tree leaning out over the river just above the strange shape. He carefully inched out onto the branch peering into the murky water what he saw made him recoil with horror and disgust. It was a woman pale as a ghost with fine hair Fanning out into the current her skin was graying model then bloated. She had clearly been dead for quite some time. It looked like a corpse had been waited to the river bottom with a piece of heavy machinery the fishermen knew this was something more Sinister than a slip and fall, but what he didn't know was that This Woman's fate was part of something bigger. She was one of a number of known victims of a prolific serial murderer Jerry brudos and soon more bodies would surface in waterways across, Oregon. Hi, I'm Greg Paulson. This is serial killers a park has two original every Monday. We dive into the mines and Madness of serial killers today. We're continuing our look into the life of Jerry brudos who murdered at least four women in North Western Oregon between 1968 and 1969. I'm here with my co-host Vanessa Richardson. Hi everyone. You can find episodes of serial killers and all Podcast Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream serial killers for free on Spotify just open the app and type serial killers in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park has Network last week. We covered the early life of Jerry brudos. We explored why he developed a violent fetish for women's clothes and shoes his initial run in with the law and his first kill this week. We'll follow Brew doses Evolution into a full-fledged serial killer the notorious Shoe Fetish Slayer of the Willamette Valley. To the outside Observer 29 year-old. Jerry brudos was an ordinary family man. He lived in a quiet Suburban town near Portland, Oregon with his wife Darcy and two children Brutus worked as an operating engineer at a number of local radio stations. But beneath this unassuming exterior was a demonic mind rudos harbored dark fantasies of capturing young women detaining them underground and eventually killing them. After their murder, he imagined using their corpses as life-sized dolls. He could dress and accessorize for his own pleasure. This fixation had been with Bruto since he was a child when he started stealing women's shoes and undergarments from family friends and neighbors his obsession later caused him to assault women after he attacked a neighbor brudos reportedly spent time in a psychiatric ward where he eventually learned to better control his has he would still indulge them, but he became skilled at hiding his dark proclivities even as they festered and grew then in January of 1968. Brutus has Twisted fantasies came to a head when he committed his first murder. He lured Linda Slauson a young encyclopedia salesman into the basement of his home and strangled her to death. Afterward brudos disposed of Linda's body in Oregon's Willamette River, but he did keep a trophy her severed foot which he used to model his collection of stolen high-heeled shoes. Dennis is going to take over on the psychology here and throughout the episode. Please note. Vanessa is not a licensed psychologist or psychiatrist, but she has done a lot of research for this show. Thanks Greg according to researchers from the University of Bologna. Of all objects associated with the human body shoes are by far the most fetishized in fact 64 percent of subjects reported a sexual preference to shoes as compared to similar objects heels in particular are considered desirable. This is likely a result of the sexual connotations attached to high-heeled shoes in popular culture. It's likely that brudos did Harbor a diagnosable shoe fetish. However Psychiatry does not conflate fetishes a I'm with sexual violence. In fact some Scholars actively discourage the diagnosis of fetishism as a disorder arguing that it unfairly stigmatize has private sexual preferences. Jerry brudos. However was an exception his fixation on women's clothing and shoes was likely an extension of his inherent desire to dominate his victims to take their most basic possessions their clothing and to control what they wore even in death. Just as he did with Linda Slauson when brudos tired of an acting as fetish on Linda's severed foot. He tied it to a weight and tossed it into the Willamette River. But as the last Memento of his kill sunk into the waters depths grew doses dark urges resurfaced Linda slauson's murder had only whet his appetite. Just a few months later in 1968. Bruno's found his next victim in Jan Susan Whitney a 23 year old student at the University of Oregon. Whitney was tall and slim a pretty brunette with blue eyes. Her friends remembered her as a trusting person perhaps to a fault. She was known to sometimes pick up hitchhikers along her long 100 mile commute from her home in McMinnville to the university. And Tuesday, November 26th was no different that day. Whitney had just finished visiting with some friends and classmates and Eugene before heading north on the I-5 for McMinnville. But somewhere along that stretch of highway the young woman vanished when Whitney failed to make it home her friends and family panicked their worries immediately culminated into one question. Who did she pick up? Just a few days later police searched her apartment noting that mail and papers had piled up on her doorstep. Whitney's car was later found abandoned in a rest. Stop parking lot. Just east of the I-5 the red and white Rambler showed no signs of damage and was even locked on the inside police found no blood and no sign of struggle a forensic analysis of the Ramblers showed a minor mechanical issue that might have kept the car from starting. But aside from that irregularity authorities were stumped. It seemed as though Jan Whitney had gotten out of her car and vanished Into Thin Air, but soon police received a tip in the form of an anonymous letter. It was postmarked from Albany, Oregon where the vehicle was recovered and sealed in a plain envelope inside. The letter was written in tidy print as though the author was trying to disguise their handwriting. They claimed to have been at the rest stop or witness car. Was abandoned and indicated that they witnessed her disappearance Lieutenant Robert White of the State Police turn to the public employing the informant to come forward but no one did soon white realized that the information could have been discerned from newspaper reports at the time, but still something about the letter peaked at the Lieutenant's interest. It's possible that brudos wrote the letter himself certain perpetrators do tend to seek out. Variety by anonymously contacting others a deeply felt need for admiration often will lead Killers to reach out to the individuals who they believe will truly recognize the genius in their handiwork the detectives investigating their crimes though. It was never conclusively proven whether brudos was in fact the letter writer. He was certainly Jan Whitney's killer Brutus had Stumbled upon Whitney's stalled Rambler while out for a drive on the I-5. He pulled over to help but quickly saw she wasn't alone two other men who Brutus later described as hippies were also in the car brudos told police. I gathered that she'd given them a ride and her car broke down and they didn't know how to fix it Brutus offered to repair the car himself. He just needed to go home to fetches tools all three agreed to ride with him to Salem once they arrive. Hema the two men off at the side of the road then he had Whitney drove to his house where he told her. He'd grab the tools and return to fix the stalled Rambler when they pulled up to the house Bruno's told Whitney to wait in the car while he went to get the items. He needed a few minutes later. He came back saying his wife wasn't home. And the house was locked. They would have to wait a few minutes for her to return brudos slid into the back seat directly behind Whitney and made small talk. And they even played a game Whitney tried to explain to brudos how to tie a pair of shoes using only her words no demonstration halfway through her explanation brudos took a leather strap and looped it around Whitney's neck from behind. He yanked her violently backward over the car seat throttling her to death burritos. Then dragged Whitney's lifeless body into his basement Workshop where he reportedly had sex with her corpse. This was a new deviation for brudos. He had previously experienced sexual arousal from assaulting raping and eventually killing live women. He had even exact had some pleasure from dressing up and posing their corpses. But up to this point. He had not engaged sexually with any of his victims post-mortem necrophilia is commonly understood to involve sexual relations with or attractions to corpses according to Katherine Rams. And the professor of forensic psychology malignant necrophilia can arise out of a craving for absolute control a dead body cannot fight back it cannot resist over the course of brudos his criminal life. We observe an intensifying need to exert power over his victims when treating live women like dolls proved insufficiently satiating. He progressed to killing them first. He could exact total uncontested dominance over. Whereas victims once life had left their limbs. Once brudos finish violating Whitney's body. He propped her up dressed her in his collection of women's wear and took photographs afterward Brutus removed one of Whitney's breasts. He used the breast to form a plastic mold from which he hoped to cast a LED paperweight, but he never could get the resin recipe quite right frustrated. He disposed of Whitney's corpse in his signature way anchoring it to a piece of heavy machinery and dropping it. Into a river long after she was killed police continue to investigate The Disappearance of Jan Whitney to Lieutenant Robert White the nature of her disappearance seem to point to something much more Sinister and then his worst fears were confirmed another girl went missing. Coming up Jerry brudos perfects, his murderous impulses now back to the story. In the spring of 1969 nineteen-year-old Karen sprinker had returned from school to spend a preterm vacation at her parents home in Salem, Oregon, but on March 27th. She disappeared Without a Trace like Jan Whitney. Brew doses second known victim sprinker was pretty and Tall with dark hair. The Oregon State freshman came from an affluent home. Her father was a prominent veterinarian and a proclivity for science ran in the family genes. Sprinkler intended to go to medical school after completing her undergrad. She was last seen on route to the mire and Frank department store in Salem where she planned to meet her mother for lunch in the stores restaurant when she failed to arrive her parents launch their own amateur search, they checked local hospitals the university and called her friends all to no avail eventually the worried couple notified police officers eventually located Karen sprinker. Car parked on the roof of the mire and Frank parking garage like with Jan Whitney. The vehicle was locked and showed no signs of damage puzzled police placed an announcement in Salem area newspapers. It included a photo of Karen sprinker alongside text reading. Have you seen this girl? Two high school students in Salem saw Karen's photo in the newspaper as they read that she'd been abducted from the mire and Frank garage. They were reminded of a strange encounter. They recently had their and informed police. The girls were returning to their vehicle after shopping trip when they noticed a very tall woman lurking in the shadows. She was dressed formally in heels and a dress and was anxiously tugging at her girdle and nylons. As the girls drove up the garages exit ramp. They got a closer. Look the odd tall woman wasn't a woman at all. But a large man dressed in ladies clothing sprinker wasn't brudos his intended victim earlier that morning. He was driving around downtown when he spotted a particularly alluring woman in a mini skirt and a pair of heels brudos followed her to the department store, but unable To find her he returned to the parking garage dejected his plans were foiled. But just as he was about to get into his own car. He saw Karen sprinker, her outfit wasn't ideal a dull green sweater with a matching skirt and an unimpressive pair of shoes, but she was pretty with dark hair which brudos liked. He had developed a taste for brunettes. He scanned the garage it was deserted. The opportunity was too perfect to pass up. As sprinkler made her way through the dark garage frutos began to follow walking a short distance behind her then as he reached for the door leading to an exit staircase Brutus placed a meaty hand on her shelter surprised sprinker spun around and came face to face with brudos and what she believed to be a gun. It was actually a toy pistol, but brudos told sprinker not to scream or he would hurt her. She Immediately compliant she repeatedly reassured him that she would stay quiet if he didn't hurt her Brutus like that delectable sense of power coursed through his veins. He had sprinklers delicate life in his powerful hands and he relished it. He escorted spring Kurt his own vehicle and drove her to his house when they arrived the house was empty just He liked it. Darcy brudos had been spending more and more time outside the home with the kids after finding photos of her husband dressed in women's clothing. She dealt with his increasing eccentricities by minimizing their time together slipping away at any opportunity. She could find Home Alone brutal sled sprinker into his basement workshop at gunpoint where he proceeded to rape her afterward. He forced her to dress up in his collection of women's garments and shoes and took pictures. Rudos was in his element He had a human doll. The perfect plaything imprisoned in the Subterranean torture chamber totally at his Mercy his fantasies had come to full fruition. When he had finished toying with sprinker, he tied her hands behind her back and placed a rope around her neck. He then attached it to a hoist fixed to the basement ceiling. He asked sprinker if the Rope was too tight. She said yes, he was glad he gave the Rope three Swift poles lifting Karen sprinker from the ground. She kicked and struggled at her binds until the life left her body as with Jan Whitney brood. Then violated her corpse, he did this repeatedly over the course of several hours. Even after Darcy and the children returned home hours later. He reportedly went upstairs for dinner before returning to the basement to defile sprinklers corpse, at least one more time. He then removed both of her breasts. That night as Darcy and the children slept brudos carried Springer's body out of the basement and drove to a bridge spanning the long Tom river between Corvallis and Eugene by the time he arrived. It was after 2:00 a.m. He tied a spare cylinder engine part just Brinker's corpse carried her to the edge of the bridge and dropped her into the swiftly moving water below. By this point Bruno says criminal signature was solidified criminologist Scott Bond defines the signature as a pattern of behavior. That's not necessarily required to commit a particular crime, but one that serves the psychological or pathological needs of the criminal in serial killing signatures tend to remain the same across offenses. They emerge from an offender's core fantasies. Which are often developed long before their first Kill by age 30 Brew doses signature rarely deviated from the same script. He kidnapped a young woman detained her in his basement raped her and then dressed and posed her for photographs afterward. He would almost always kill her rape her corpse and manipulate the body like a doll. Finally, he removed a flesh Trophy and disposed of the remains in a local River but not every attempted kill when according to brew doses plan one afternoon in April of 1969. Brutus was prowling the campus of Portland State University when he noticed a young woman 24 year old Sharon would she was leaving the history department where she worked as a secretary? Wood had a lot on her mind that day. The mother of two was set to divorce her husband of seven years at the same time. She was also battling a middle ear infection as well as adjusting to newly prescribed contact lenses her hearing that day was not at its best her vision was blurry and her thoughts were occupied little did brutal snow that heat spotted would at her most vulnerable. Brudos the consummate Predator, perhaps sensed her disorientation. He followed would from a short distance plotting his move. It was broad daylight on a crowded college campus after all he had to be smart as would walk to a staff parking structure tucked away in a corner of the University property. The crowds thinned students siphoned off into various buildings as afternoon lectures began door slammed left and eight voices died suddenly would was alone or so she thought Would sense to prickling on the back of her neck. She had a vague sense of being followed instinct told her to avoid the parking structures dark deserted stairway instead. She took a sharp turn toward a well-lit ground-level entrance. She picked up speed while her gut churned with an unnamed nervous energy mere steps from the garage entrance. She felt a heavy tap on her shoulder. She turned her head to face the penetrating stare. Are of Jerry brudos later she told Ann Rule author of the book lust killer I could sense the evil. And I knew I was going to die Brutus stuck to his script brandishing his toy pistol. He instructed would not to scream or he'd shoot but would refuse to play Brew doses game at the top of her lungs. She screamed no wood began to back away but Brew toast. Lunged for her pulling the petite woman into a half Nelson and dragging her to the ground. Her head locked between his arms would kicked and screamed fighting for her life when brudos put a hand over her mouth to muffle her she bit down as hard as she could drawing blood in a panic her jaw fastened even as brudos yowled in pain. She would not release his hand. Bruno's grabbed would by the hair and then with his hands still caught between her teeth. He slammed her head against the concrete. He proceeded to beat the woman with Savage ferocity even as her skull was pummeled would clamped her jaw tightly down on Brutus his hand. As Woods already blurred vision began to Cloud. She saw a car approached from the corner of her eye only then did her jaw muscles spasm releasing Brew doses bloodied hand from her teeth. Immediately brudos picked up the toy gun and fled the scene would realized her attackers motive had changed mid-fight. Brutus was no longer interested in abducting her. He was more concerned with freeing himself from the vice grip of her jaw. Soon police arrived on the scene not realizing the connection between this assault and the women who'd been reported missing months earlier Sharon would was bruised and battered but alive she was one of brutus's few failed abductions. But if anything it was his failure to subdue Sharon that drove him to quickly find another victim to take her place. The very next day a fifteen-year-old identified as Gloria Gene Smith was walking along some railroad tracks near her home in Salem when brudos lunged from the Shadows. The girl was saved by her own lightning-fast reflexes as soon as she saw the hulking man. She shrieked and ran for help escaping by the skin of her teeth. Now foiled twice Brutus his desire to kill came to a full boil on April. Twenty third twenty two-year-old Linda's a lie drove to the nearby Lloyd Center mall to shop for her boyfriend's birthday gift petite pretty and driving a bright. Red Volkswagen Bug. She immediately caught Brew doses attention. So as she parked her bug on the sixth floor of the mall's parking garage and walked inside to do her shopping brudos waited inside the garage for her to return his typical Hideout, but this time brudos had a brand-new. New game and Linda say Lee would play along. Coming up. Jerry brudos claims his fourth victim now back to the story. By 1969 Jerry brudos had murdered three young women in Oregon's Willamette Valley Linda's Lawson Jan Whitney and Karen sprinker, but when his attempts to abduct his fourth victim failed twice, he was determined to make his next murder count soon Brutus found his next victim twenty-two-year-old Linda's a lie in the parking garage of a local mall and a say Lee went inside to shop for a gift for her boyfriend's birthday. Route us waited for her to return later as she walked to her car her arms full of bags brudos approached her but this time he tried a slightly different tactic instead of his usual toy gun. He brandished a phony security badge and told saintly that he was taking her into custody Under Suspicion of shoplifting despite her assurances that she hadn't stolen anything and had the sales receipts to prove it brudos. Insisted she accompanied him to a Portland Police Station sadly went willingly and followed him to his car according to Brutus. She asked no questions even as they drove well beyond the Portland City Limits and into Salem Authority can be a powerful influence in compelling submission in his famed experiments on obedience and control Yale psychologist. Stanley Milgram found that humans are likely to go to Great Lengths to appease authoritative figures. Even when a directive goes against an individual's better instincts or moral compass Milgram discovered that most subjects are still likely to follow orders. Anyway, in this case. It comes as no surprise that Linda's a Leawood so readily trust a man putting himself forward as a civil Authority, even though he didn't drive an official vehicle and even when they drove well beyond Portland City Limits into Salem say Lee didn't voice her doubts. When Bruno's pulled up to his Suburban home and into the garage sale, he's still said nothing for brudos. His plan couldn't have been going more swimmingly until suddenly it wasn't. Darcy whom he had believed to be out with the children ambled onto the front porch as brudos walked out of the garage. He held up a hand to say lie still in the car warning her not to move or make a sound Brutus later claimed that Darcy couldn't see Sally. So he simply ordered his wife back into the house. But when Darcy complained that dinner was already ready rudos relented. He assured Darcy that he'd be there momentarily then. Return to the car and bound say Lee with some rope. Brutus let's say lie alone in the car while he ate during this time. She reportedly did not try to escape and after Brutus finished supper Darcy left for the evening while their regular babysitter came over to watch the children the sitter never bothered troodos when he locked himself in his Workshop. Thus he was able to sneak say Lee into the basement where he throttled her with the same leather strap. He used to kill Jan Whitney. It was at this point. That's a lie reportedly began to fight back. She was an athlete a regular swimmer and they'll petite and stature powerfully-built. But Bru doses brute strength eventually won out and say Lee asphyxiated brudos proceeded to have sex with her corpse, but he was enraged that the seemingly quiet and compliant young woman had decided to resist him. He wanted to punish her defiance. Bruno's hung say Lee's body from a hoist in the basement ceiling and stripped off the rest of her clothes. Then he inserted two needles into each side of her rib cage. Finally the skilled electrician attached to Electric leads to the needles and plug them into an outlet. Brudos, hope to see sale. He's corpse convulse with electricity but to his disappointment the experiment only lightly singed. Her flesh brain has kept say Lee's body for a day and a night to have sex with but this time he didn't take a trophy. He reportedly did not like the shape of her breasts when brudos was finished. He tied yet another engine part to Linda's a Lee's body and watched as it dropped sinking into the That's of the long Tom River. but little did brewed else know that soon Linda's a Lee's body would float two weeks after the murder of Linda's a lie, her body found its way to the river surface where it was discovered by a fisherman floating in the long Tom River and just two days later Karen sprinklers corpse was found 50 feet away her breasts cut out the cavities filled with brown paper towels when Lieutenant Jim Stovall I heard news of the two bodies recovered from the long time. He and a deputy raced to the scene there. He observed undeniable similarities between the two dead women both were weighed down with engine parts and both were around the same age and physique autopsies revealed yet another connection both sprinker and say Lee shared a cause of death traumatic asphyxiation taking into account these parallels as well as the missing women in the region. Koval began to connect the dots. He suspected that Linda's Lawson and Jan Whitney had suffered the same fate as sprinker and Sally and something it is got told him even more bodies were floating undiscovered in Oregon's waterways. Suddenly. It dawned on Stovall. He had a serial killer on his hands Stovall and Oregon State Police Lieutenant Gene Doherty agreed to co-lead an investigation into these killings and began by Overseeing the dredging of the long Tom River, but after several days the search was suspended. There were no more bodies to be found in that part of the valley so they continued elsewhere. As the investigation waged on Jerry brudos followed the discovery of bodies through local newspapers. He reveled in the fact that he'd baffled the authorities. He felt totally in control now A Feeling, he'd been chasing his entire life riding the sensation brudos became Bolder and in May of 1969. He began phoning dorm rooms at Oregon State University placing random calls to some of the female dormitory. On campus brudos tried to solicit dates. He told the girls that answered that he was a Vietnam vet hoping the LIE would impress them into accepting it actually worked miraculously. The awkward brudos was able to arrange several blind dates through this cold calling method, but some were more suspicious than others. One co-ed contacted Lieutenant Daugherty after she'd been on a date with brudos. She told him she met the self-proclaimed War veteran in the lounge of her dormitory where they talked about her studies. She didn't recall the conversation to be particularly sparkling. But one bizarre interaction haunted her the young woman told Doherty that at some point during the date brudos reached over and placed a hand on her shoulder. He began to massage it and quite strangely demanded that she pretend to be sad. Then he reportedly told her to think of the two girls found in the long Tom River. He said that was an awful thing that happened to them. And if that weren't Eerie enough before saying, goodbye Brutus reportedly asked the woman why she had agreed to meet him. How did you know I would bring you back home and not take you to the river and strangle you. Investigators were shocked. Could this be the killer they were looking for dartie ask the student what the man looked like and she described him for the lieutenant tall close to Six Feet heavy, but not fat soft around the middle with reddish blond thinning hair. He was pale and covered in freckles. Dartie took down the details and then urge the student to phone the police if she ever heard from him again. Brutus has freckles would be his downfall but informed of Doherty's conversation with the student at Oregon State Jim Stovall was reminded of something the attempted abduction of Gloria Jean Smith. After brudos tried to grab Smith from the train tracks the 15 year old had immediately phoned the police Smith described her assailant as large nearly six feet and freckly suddenly after months without a lead. The police had a convincing profile police instructed. Brutus's would be College date to call them if the freckled man ever contacted her again sure enough on May 25th 1916. I'm the young woman got a call back. She immediately recognized Brew doses halting hesitant voice and willed herself to stay calm. He asked her out that night for a Coca-Cola and a little conversation the student told brudos. She wasn't immediately available. She needed to wash your hair, but she could meet him at the dormitory Lounge in 45 minutes. He agreed she hung up the phone and immediately dial the police. The Oregon State PD flew into action plainclothes officers position themselves in the dorm lounge and waited soon a man matching the description arrived tall hulking at least 30 years old. Jerry brudos was unfazed when the officers approached him and what they began asking questions. He delivered his answers calmly he lived in Salem and I just come by the university after mowing a friends nearby Lon. They were out of town and Brutus was just dropping in to check the college out. The police knew he was lying about his reason for being there, but they had no legal basis to arrest him. But now they had his name. Investigators dug uproot us his history of institutionalization. They discovered he had a history of sexual violence toward women as far back as adolescence as they continue to review Brew doses record. They found more and more coincidences as police dove into public records They found that brudos either had lived or worked near the locations where the missing women were last seen during The Times They had disappeared. The circumstantial evidence was enough to justify a visit to brutus's home for some follow-up questions while their Salem police detective Gary Frazier got a glimpse inside brutus's garage and spotted a bit of rope the knots were distinctive. It looked as though they might match ligature marks left on some of the victims bodies still police lacked enough physical evidence to arrest brudos for the murders in an Ideal World, they could tail and for a while and Wait for him to slip up but time was of the essence brudos new detectives were sniffing around he could run at any moment. on May 28th 1969 at a last-ditch effort to find evidence that might point to the murders police served search warrants on Brutus has two vehicles because Brutus had the interior scrubbed they were unable to pull substantial evidence, but it was enough to Spook him two days later on May 30th a team staking out the brudos residents informed Stovall and dartie that the entire family had left their home and were heading north on the 5 freeway coincidentally earlier that day the two lieutenants had secured an arrest warrant for brew doses assault of Gloria Jean's Smith Stovall and Doherty had to act fast. They couldn't lose Brutus over the border into Washington State or even worse, Canada. State troopers put out an APB on the Brew doses vehicle and later that evening. They located the family on the I5 when police pulled the car over Darcy Brutus was behind the wheel her children seated in the back Brew dose at first blush was nowhere to be seen. But as dartie shined his flashlight into the rear of the car. He saw large mass hidden beneath the blanket. He said to the cowering brudos. You're under arrest get out of the car. When Brutus was booked into Salem County jail, he was stripped guards were shocked to find under his ordinary work clothes. He was wearing a pair of sheer women's undergarments Brutus explained. He needed special underwear do to sensitive skin detectives for speechless Stovall deployed a good cop approach as he interrogated brudos starting small getting him to talk about the type of women. He was attracted to and his First in women's shoes from there. They progress to conversations about Brew doses childhood and his first Petty thefts lulled into a sense of security. The confessions came flooding out of Brutus as mouth seemingly out of nowhere. He confessed to hitting Linda's Lawson over the head while she tried to sell him a set of encyclopedias. And over the course of several hours brudos confessed to the murders of Jan Whitney Karen sprinker and Linda's a lie on June 4th, 1969 30 year-old brudos was arraigned for the murder of Karen sprinker to which he pleaded Not Guilty by reason of insanity. He was subsequently examined by a team of State psychiatrists. They determined he possessed an above-average IQ and deemed him sane. However, they died. Most Bruto says an antisocial personality manifested by fetishism transvestitism exhibitionism voyeurism and especially sadism just weeks later on June 27th. Brutus was charged with the first-degree murders of Jan Whitney. Linda's a lie and Karen sprinker and ultimately he was handed three consecutive life sentences. Prison life for brew dose was not easy aside from being cut off from his family on the outside. He was not popular on the inside. He was reportedly assaulted both physically and sexually by fellow inmates multiple times between 1969 and 1971 up until 1977. His attorneys fought hard to reverse his conviction and state appellate courts Bruno's. His final appeal was rejected. Acted on May 25th 1977 when sixty-year-old brudos was finally up for parole. He was denied due to the seriousness of his crimes. Seven years later on March 28 2006. Jerry brudos died in prison from a particularly aggressive case of liver cancer. He was 67 at the time of his death. He was the longest serving inmate in the Oregon Department of Corrections. Brutus is Persona would live on in infamy as an analytical subject of FBI agent Johnny Douglas largely credited as the father of criminal profiling. And his story will forever serve as a cautionary tale of what can happen when taboo meets violent fantasy. Thanks again for tuning into serial killers will be back next week with a new episode for more information on Jerry brudos amongst the many sources. We use to we found lust Killer by Ann Rule extremely helpful to our research. You can find more episodes of serial killers and all other par cast Originals free on Spotify not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite park has two Originals like serial killers. for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream serial killers on Spotify just open the app and type serial killers in the search bar and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at carcast network will see you next time have a killer week serial killers was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Juan boorda with Auction assistance by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson, this episode of serial killers was written by Jake Flanagan with writing assistance by Abigail Cannon and stars Greg Paulson and Vanessa Richardson.