Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry.Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor will actually distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can actually make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So basically anchor is everything you To make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That is a n CH o r dot f m-- to get started. I welcome back to this to your project podcast where you talk about human child trafficking and the episode about adrenochrome. So basically the first time I had ever heard about a drink rum waste within a movie and it's also a book of course all you know, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas by Hunter S Thompson. He had mentioned adrenochrome and how the drug like inhibited him is one of his favorite drugs it got them all amped up all of this whatever. However I We're looking into it a little bit more because I keep seeing on the internet a few. You know, what I'd consider a conspiracy theorists to be considered adrenochrome to be a huge problem with what they call the elites or Hollywood and I'm looking into it and I find a Wiki leak now if y'all don't know about wikileak, I'm sure y'all do you've heard about it? It's basically it was a huge organization that was dedicated to spreading. This information that was basically suppress from citizens that actually ended up becoming a huge thing. Now Wikileaks ended up being you know for me, I take a lot of toll into it because Wikileaks so far within the data and statistics they have a 100% accuracy so far that's better than all major news networks that we've ever seen. I mean we've had to see news networks redact their articles and No, some of the things we just don't trust but Wikileaks has been 100% accurate so far and they had a huge thing about adrenochrome. Now, they'd spoke about a drink come on a few different things that I'll mention later, but I'll basically let you know what adrenochrome is adrenochrome is basically it's it's harvested from it's basically harvested from the base of the neck and spinal column with a needle from people. Well, I've heard also goats, but it's been noted that the body that you're extracting from should be at a high amount of stress. These people should be in fear and basically, you know, what you all know of adrenaline's pumping and in that way you're able to obtain the highest amount of adrenaline from Person or again, you know an animal but a lot of the times when you when you've been reading about it, it's it's human adrenaline. That is the highest concentration mean you're not going to scare cat and get the adrenaline out of it. But basically the adrenaline it's then it's oxidized with a silver oxide in it creates this adrenochrome, which apparently when you ingest it. There is a lot of different theories on It and one of the biggest theories is that it induces an anti-aging effect. Okay, so we'll look into that. You know, it's okay, you know look into that whole thing. But basically it said that you know on a few other different things. I've looked into that it you know, the person that ingests the drug that they're able to receive the Life Energy of the victim that is actually extracted from and when you think about that you like Okay. Well, so you're taking this hormone out of an individual and you're injecting it in yourself or ingesting it. I'm not sure of how the whole thing goes currently at this point. I'm looking into it and I'm like, okay. Well, it's still incredibly interesting some theorists say that it's actually like a super drug for the highest Elites, you know, the highest leads to the world the most richest. I mean they can they can afford to be buying these people. Or even to the adrenaline because again, maybe some of these Elites they don't understand what's going into it again. These are some of the theories that's put into it. And so it's that you've getting these highs concentrations of adrenaline that's been oxidized by the D Silver oxide and you're getting a high concentration of a dream Chrome that you're able to then basically create yourself a younger self. Okay little bit weird, but again Wikileaks we've noticed has had an excellent track record. It's also claimed by many theorists that it's used in secret societies as a ritual sick or even like a sacrificial act and basically where that comes from is some people think that you know, the Illuminati they'll be using they drink blood the blood of children to remain young. It's an a out an Elixir for the young age. It's basically your fountain of youth And you know looking into it a little bit more. I encourage all of you to look into that a little bit because it actually is a sufficient amount of You know literature and basically evidence out there for you for you to read on your room. I think with as much evidence that we've got that you known even light that has been shined on this adrenochrome think especially like I said with not just so many people coming forward with it and then it just gets to be a suppressed topic that you know, it's pretty much enough to consider that how many of these missing children or people could be fallen victim to this. I mean, it's a billion dollar Black Market industry adrenochrome. It really is and that's a statistic that you can look up for yourself. I'll be placing these statistics on this or tear your project Facebook page so that you can look into them yourself and these are all credible. I mean the satiric project we've been trying to steer away from what seems like it's supposed to be a conspiracy theory, but when there's enough evidence there we're going to look into it. That's what we're here for. We're here to educate we're here to not surprised any information that we get and if there's something that is worth reporting we're going to do that. Basically, this is one of the most evil forms of human trafficking as an employee's torture and then murder especially if children because children they have a higher amount of adrenaline that will course through their system when they're being frightened. Basically, I mean I hate to be you know, very, you know graphic about it. But if you're torturing a kid, I mean they're they're highly afraid. They've got adrenaline that is Corson through their blood and through their organs. And so some people believe that these Elites or Hollywood actors even will drink the blood or ingest the adrenaline or adrenochrome. That is then Oxidized and they'll receive these anti-aging effects again is supposedly very huge in Hollywood. You know, we know very prominent figures in Hollywood have been linked to different traffic in incidences. Yeah, you've got Harvey Weinstein so far. You've got Jeffrey Epstein who's not Hollywood, but these are still Elites so we can get a try to consider. How far does this go besides sex trafficking or labor? Trafficking when does it get to being human trafficking in a form of torture and murder for sacrificial situations? I mean, we've been exposed to it slightly in the media, but I believe it's been more towards a fictional, you know, basically a fictional situation where we're all like, oh that would be that would be crazy. But again Wikileaks is posting this stuff and with their 100% accuracy. I think we should probably put an eye to that, you know keeping You know an eye on what's happening there. But basically, you know, there's the whole extent on like how far do these human trafficking crimes Go, I mean is this a real situation? I'd like to know from you. You can let us know on the saltier project at gmail.com. If you think this is a situation where it's like a steer away from folks in our time on this because it's been debunked, but I'll let you know that so far. It hasn't been completely debunked. I mean, there's crime out there that I mean we should all know about let's should we ignore the dozens of people that are actually trying to tell us that you know, there's this huge underground child harvesting Market again. I'll revert you back to Robert David Steele. I had an article and episode actually that actually mention Robert Davis seal and if you don't know of this I'll reference or we M as you know, he's the retired CIA agent incredible credentials, he's well-known throughout the intelligence community and he's literally stating that children are being harvested for their adrenaline eyes blood and their bone marrow for an anti-aging effect, which is incredibly prominent in Hollywood now again, I'll post this on the so to project Facebook page, but this guy he seems to have credibility. 82 me at least again. If you'd like to you know, basically debunk any of these this information, please do so. We're not here to spread disinformation or anything. We're here to give you all information. It doesn't matter if it seems like something that is, you know, maybe not as prominent to what you believe in but maybe it's something that you may have not known of that. We would just like you to have an education or some sort of information about And maybe you can yeah, I'll look into it yourself this lettieri project. I mean, we're not all about, you know being the number one. We would like to be a huge aspect in the stop of human trafficking. So we're going to employ all these methods that will include looking into every situation every situation every case. I mean, we're not looking at you know saying L. Well that's conspiracy theory even though some of it's been true. So far, we're not going to look into it because it's Thai Buddhist thought talk about it. I mean we're here and we're here to give you guys the information that we've received information that we find is valuable and information that we would like you possibly as you know, a listening to look into what do you think let us know again, you know contact us at the sortir project at gmail.com contact us at the so Terrier project Facebook page be part of the satiric product Facebook group. We'd love anybody's input but you know to us right now, we think that the adrenochrome industry is known that it's a huge black market industry meaning that you know, nobody wants it to be uncovered. It's underground. So if underground it makes me feel like it's illegal to start with. So, how are they extracting this adrenaline this adrenochrome, you know, they're they're getting the adrenaline there. They're creating this method of oxidization. I ended up looking through all of this and I read an article from somebody it was apparently again, I don't know how to do this one is but it made me think this was a state trooper that had apparently pulled over a tractor-trailer truck that had too much weight or whatever. You know, how they do their weight limits and everything. They looked into it and they found I think it was 40 kilos of it's going to Chrome. It was headed for the Yukon. So no, but you know, what, do you head into the Yukon for supplies or whatever but then they'd realize that there was also a mining industry in the Yukon for Silver so they're like well looking into it a little bit more. We realize that you know, silver can oxidize the adrenaline so impossibly there's some sort of situation going on up there and then they started looking some of these other mining companies and then the data just fell off. It's just gone no other data so far and I've looked into it. It's been several years and ever since somebody had published that report. Ethan and I don't know I just find it a little bit fishing. I think that we should might you know, we might be able to look into a situation like this some of the missing children that we see. I mean I will post we post a lot of this on like missing children onto this material Facebook page to create the awareness or maybe try to find some people maybe somebody knows information or anything like that and that's very important. But at one point what point are we able to consider that maybe they are a part of this Underground? Black Market, that is very I mean we all know it the I mean we understand that there's a black market on out there but I don't think that the public knows exactly how extensive that it gets again. There's hundreds of thousands of missing people that get under that are just nobody knows about it's the investigations will continue constantly and after 20 years they become cold cases and they're just gone and it's becoming more and more prominent. So at what point are we able to ask ourselves? When are these supposed conspiracy theories? True. I mean the Wikileaks like I said several times in this episode has a hundred percent accuracy record so far to date and they are claiming that this is an actual event. I mean, let's talk about this. Let's not let's not make this a taboo thing where it seems like oh well as soon as I talk about that put your tinfoil hat on. Let's Okay. That's the crazy guy in the corner will know this is an actual thing. This is real events that are happening here in our country. I mean, when when do we start investigating this more II mean it's to the point where I've looked up adrenochrome on news article in you can't find an article on it. But then you look up these witnesses that are telling you. Hey, this is a huge thing. I've got this information in those. Is haven't been debunked. They haven't been proven to be false, but you can't find any news on that. That's huge news and here at the superior project were here and we're telling you that we're going to give you all of the news. We're going to give you any sort of aspect that might involve any sort of trafficking because we need to put a stop to this no matter what it takes. Even if it takes, you know, letting you know of things that you know might be uncomfortable to listen to We think that is important for all of you guys to know that some of these things do happen here right now backyards is crazy as it may seem there's all this evidence that proves it and we're here to give you all the references to give you all the information so you can look into it yourself. That is the point of this material project is information and sharing the information. Please be prepared to share this information with others and And if you know anybody tries to tell you hey, look that's kind of a crazy Theory say hey, you know what? It's still a theory. We're trying to figure out what the cause of this with these, you know, thousands of people that are missing each year is because so far we can't find any and you know, it could be even a problem where you've got people coming in from the borders that were unsecured. Where you've got, you know, we've we've caught men and women that have you know, dozens of children that are not linked to them in any sort of relative fashion. What were they going to do with those children? I mean, why are you trying to bring those children to the United States? Is there something underground going on here? Let us know again contact the satiric project at gmail.com contact us at this sortir project Facebook page. Contact us. We'd like to know what you think. All right. Remember again this the end of our episode we're going to let you know here at the stereo project where devoted to giving you the information most updated news about human and child trafficking and we love to hear responses from you and we will always respond to those inquiries that you've got. This is an open discussion group that we feel is necessary in order to stop this heinous crime.