Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler. How are you guys? How are you doing? Yeah, I'm good. Thank you. How are you? Really good. Thank you. So today. I've got Sophie on to talk to me about accessibility and disability and I wanted to start off with this because I thought this is like so I'm going to go through really ignorant of me not to think of it, but it's like pertinent to what we're going to be discussing. I've booked a different studio to record in in SoHo. This morning. I suddenly thought oh my God. I don't know if it's wheelchair accessible. So I emailed them and I said, hey just checking. I'm fairly certain you arcs like a new building. Do you have wheelchair accessibility and they said no and I thought oh my God imagine. I meant to be talking about this and I hadn't even check so luckily now Renee cause he goes and it is wheelchair accessible, but I just found that to be really mind-blowing. So that's kind of like even when you're supposed to be thinking about it. It's just not available. So so we will have a bit of a better idea about who you are what you do. Could you tell us a little bit about Out yourself. Yes, so I am sorry about that. I'm a little bit nervous. So I'm sorry if I Stumble I'm 23 years old. I'm from Essex and I am I guess you would call me a fitness influence those least. I'm not used to that word. Yeah, I mean I want the Cosmopolitan help influence Health and Fitness in front of the year and I still don't want to call myself an inventor. I don't know why I didn't feel real. But yeah, so I that's that's what I do. That's my thing cic of my kind of like intersection of Fitness is I love talking about And fitness accessibility within Fitness because it's something I did Fitness before I was disabled. So I had an injury which we'll talk about in a bit but I had an injury few years ago and I kind of had to get myself back into fitness. So I got into the influence in world as you like worm through documenting my journey of getting back into fitness and trying to make my space accessible. So that's what I do not. I'm an online fitness coach as well so I coach people online. But yeah my injury of how a She became disabled was actually a training accident. So I had an accident in July of 2017. So I just finished you need that. You just got my results that day and I Fel y squatting and this machine and it's always a shock to people. I'm yes, I fell on my bum and the safety latches one up high enough. So that was the problem. So the safety lets you didn't actually catch the bar. I caught the bar. So basically kind of caught the pressure was too much. It called my back snap and as it snapped, it basically went into my Spinal cord and that caused me to be paralyzed from the waist down. Yeah, so I would that was July 2017. So I was in the hospital for four months with that and then coming out of Hospital ever since I came up possible in November of 2017 and ever since then I've just been kind of on a journey of it was just a journey of getting back into fitness and seeing that. Oh, I hope that's something that I could do and trying to like fight people being like no you can't do that anymore that that was all one interesting part. Art, and then now it's become more about so much bigger than that without me even realizing it and not just getting back into it, but actually taking my space and making it bigger and make I wanna make it more of an accessible space for other disabled people and other people who don't see themselves within Fitness yet. You're absolutely change of the game when it comes to the fitness influence world. Like it's absolutely incredible. I mean speaking like just so sad before from point A privilege. I don't have a disability. I'd never seen anyone especially not in a wheelchair. In the gym, so the fact that you're kind of at the Forefront and you work with bands like Jim shark, like you're really out there and your message is always so positive and you got so much to say and also your messages are applicable to everyone not just people with disability. It just so happens that you also are in a wheelchair and I think as well, I think the one thing the one thing that I really struggled with first was I kind of didn't really have like a like a blueprint someone to look to and think like, oh, that's who I want to be. I just got a member of my injury. I was going in for Instagram and sitting lying in the hospital bed. Like for days and weeks and months instead of scrolling through and I'm thinking no one. I follow looks like me anymore. I'd gone from being a fairly lean white girl going for Instagram, very privileged and going like okay. I can relate to this person that person now, I'm just kind of rethinking those people look like me. None of these people are going to act like me go through my struggles or workout that me and I remember getting really really that upset and frustrated and thinking like, okay, so there's their options aren't open to me anymore. And then the the only place I could look to and see myself was the Olympics but I thought I don't want to be a paralympian and I think I actually didn't if you with Adobe the other week and then there was like what was the one of the things you've struggled with? I think actually one of the things I didn't even realize till that interview was having just that I find my own be my own representation in the way. I mean, there are so many amazing disabled women in Fitness that absolutely are but none of them are like what I wanted to do. I didn't want to be a paralympian that isn't me and that you get sometimes people say to me be like, oh you'll be at the Paralympics soon and I'll it I look at them and I think the first time someone said it up. All right, I've got to deconstruct this because it's upset me and I don't know why so I took some time to fought about and I thought hang on imagine if I'd turn to you've just come from the gym and I've said are you know, you're going to be at the Olympics? Oh, yeah, and I'm like what you think the parallel even picks? Is that easy? You think it's like some disabled hang out while we all me. Um, I just go and be disabled like it's at that's that I think that was the thing that annoyed me about it. I was like, no they're at their light athletes their Olympic athletes. Like that's not what I want to be. I Want to be me I want to be in Fitness, but you can be that and not want to be an athlete like it's able-bodied. People don't know that go through that as well. So then that was one thing I struggle with was like, oh I kind of have to separate myself from a paralympian and kind of create my own. I want to be I want to be who I am. You're right. It's so reductionist to assume that just because you've got a disability in an interest in Fitness. You automatically could be a paralympian. Yeah. It's that's being an athlete like by any stretch of the imagination that's ridiculous. Even for me to do this. equivalent of what a paralympian like I couldn't it is still being an athlete and that I reductionist idea I think is what's really unhelpful and I do think that sometimes people think that they're being helpful by saying it and I think that is one thing as well as I've really had to learn is I because I don't want to know because I know people are trying to be they're not trying to be mean but then at the end of the day, I'm not gonna pacify your ableism because you said it was a smile totally, you know, so a lot of people I don't mean offense and I got okay and I don't mean to And you but it's also your time to listen, so it's just like if there was, you know a person of color if a black one was trying to sit here now and talk to me about racism. That would be my time to shut up and learn you know, so it's just like I think and a lot of people just try to get their point across of I'm not being mean it's like okay, you might not be but you need to learn from this but I think the whole thing with the paralympian thing, I think that actually stems from a lack of representation. So people see, you know, the Paralympics and then that is kind of what they Chon to because the only imagery they get so when they think they see me and they go oh there go then they let you do the math of wheelchair Fitness paralympian, whereas that's because that is what their scope is when it comes to someone who looks like me. You're right and I think it's also the issue of hurting their disability first. So I just caught myself a lie, and I'm saying to you instead of going be like or people with a disability saying that rather than a disabled person and where you're a woman you also have a disability. So as a woman you have the option to do A myriad of different things. Whereas I think sometimes people when you have a disability for the disability fast, and that's all they can. See ya and I know that this conversation is going to be around a disability, but I want it to be around the D6 stigmatizing and break it down to be like the fact that whatever components of my personality are just the same as your disability. Like that's not who you are. And I think that's what I think people get really caught up in trying not to be offensive and they're like, oh we don't want to we don't want to attach you to your disability, but then it also on The flipside I'm like don't completely detach my disability because it's like I think when I think I've had some people say to me before like, oh you shouldn't call yourself disabled and I'm like why I have a disability. I have a physical disability that stops me from that from walking. So that is what it is. You might as well call it what it is, but I think when you do that, what you actually do is you completely invalidate the disability and when you invalidate the disability you invalidate your need to be accessible. So it's all well and good thing. You shouldn't call yourself to say both numb. Okay, cool, so when I get to Liverpool Street this afternoon should I just try and do things the way you do it because if I did that and I ignored my disability and we have to leave my house no, so yeah, there's like two sides of the coin of where people they don't want to talk about it I'm not but why don't you want to talk about it it's not a dirty thing to talk about no it's not but it makes people feel uncomfortable because they have to recognize our own privilege. So yeah, I have to recognize as an able-bodied person that I can't just treat you it's all giving you special treatment, but I have to adjust Just the way I act I had to make myself not uncomfortable, but it's not going to be as easy as someone with enabled and that's on me not on you to let you know what I mean. There's an element of fear in there as well. So I mean, I've had a couple people say to me they just assume that or were you just born this way like no, I'm not Lady Gaga but my but like no, I think there's like an element of fear of like the interesting thing about disabilities and intersection. Is anyone at any point in their life can suddenly fall into it. So I never ever I've never had never been seriously ill my life. I'd never had any like long-term illness is no disabilities anything like that suddenly boom 21 disabled for life. And I think it scares people realizing that that could also be their reality. So I think sometimes people Retreat away from it in fear of you know accepting that could be me because I mean, I will probably talk about it a bit later, but I was incredibly internally ableist like I didn't notice it before I mean injury, but You know when I first had my injury and I think and I'd try not to be too hard on myself about it. I try and write it off to know having a trauma and going through everything but I wasn't hurt very very internally Abus while I was like, I'm not going to spend my life in a wheelchair. I need to walk I need to do this and I thought if I never walk again, I would never be happy that was that was just internalized ableism where I probably was able us before and never had to be confronted with it. But you it's like anything really we all haven't analyzed an entrenched misogyny and racism and Plus that's not you. It's a product of this environment that we live in that champions of very specific set of ideals. And unless you're living in those one of those modernize or hates on housing approximately. Sometimes that's quite geography but like a marginalized group then sometimes it is really hard to see that you have these like internalized ideas and thoughts. I wanted to ask quickly. You just said then that you thought you know if I can never walk again. I'll never be happy but evidently I mean you're absolutely smashing your career and you're being very positive. Native person but how long was that transformation from the point of you know having what is unequivocally like a life-changing life-changing accident to come into a place of like acceptant. Do you accept have you accepted it and it to the point where you kind of contented with it or is it still something that you struggle? I mean, I'm sure you struck a cancer, but do you know me I know you mean so it's it's definitely a journey and it's a journey that I'm still on. So there are times where and one like an example for example. Pool like well, I'm doing online coach and I coach I coach able-bodied and disabled clients. So sometimes when I first started that I was programming for Able Body clients and I was writing them let days good days. Nothing like that. And I remember I think the first Able Body program I wrote I sat there and I cried because I just I missed hamstring curls that was it something so simple and basic. I thought I've really missed that but then I was at a point where I could think right I missed that but I can also do this isn't this so I think it did take a long. Long time and I think it didn't really start until maybe like a year after my injury. I mean, it's not like I can put a lot of people ask me off you given up on walking then it's not that I've given up but I'm living life at the same time. Whereas before I was in the space of I need to walk life's on hold but no and that's that. I think that I was going about it the wrong way. I mean science made progress massively and some it might come along and then one day I might walk but I live my life now with that not being the priority of my life. But I think the most important thing for me really was deconstructing my own internalized ableism, but also realizing that like walking isn't like the the key to happiness. I think when I started to really think back before my injury, I think I really glamorized my able-bodied self when I was first injured because I was looking back old uni pictures. I was looking at my glutes not think oh my God, I miss having abs and glutes and you know, like really pathetic now as I miss running around in nightclubs and whatever. Then I think actually when I think about it, there are sometimes for my injury. Why would it really depressed and really unhappy but I could walk then I was able to put it then so I started to think that you know, I went through periods of depression where I was able bodied so walking isn't, you know, the be-all and end-all of life and then I think when I actually started to get my take control of my life again, so when I got back into training that was a massive massive thing and it went from just going literally just went through a gym one time. Didn't even go by and I just went to it signed up left. And then I think it was like going into the gym. I started sort of just wheel around it get used to the equipment and I used to keep a little notebook tiny notebook. And I used to write all of the exercises that I could still do write down all the equipment. I could still use and start to think in my head of creating myself a program and try and working around what I can do and I think doing things like that where I was getting back to more who I am who I know I am really that deep down inside and that that is when I started to change my perception of it. So learning to drive was a massive massive thing. I'm not only passed in November just gone but that is at the one thing. It's completely changed my life like loads of things like that. So getting my life back on track and taking control of it and finding a purpose other than being able to walk like that was it was absolutely massive. You said that at one point I was really silly. I was like missing my brother in my arms, but actually it's not the silly because we know So while that women especially are told that their physical bodies are kind of like the greatest Capital that they have and the way that you look at the most important thing and I find it interesting because I almost do agree kind of thing that when you are of so much privilege and that like you're able-bodied and you're white and you're whatever else sometimes you can get so trapped in those like really seem small things, but they can become all encompassing that one maybe imagine like some like this happens. If you have the absolute mental strength, but it is it's incredible that I like. I and you very inspiring it's such a crazy thing. They also at the table, but it's true to turn that but I can kind of understand how it would kind of take you to a different place. I can look at life in a different way. I think one really interesting you brought up there is and it's a conversation that I've only just started having with people but you brought about women's bodies being like their greatest capitalist asset. Well one of the main questions I get as a disabled woman. Yo, you got an Instagram. You did ask me a question and people can you know, just go on there and off willy-nilly and They do I know yeah, they try to they do don't they the most common one I get is literally revolving around sex roles around. Can you have sex? Can you can you feel this? Can you do this? So whatever like really like questions you just would not ask someone unless they're an influencer and they don't have feelings or you know anything and I started to think about it and I was like why people fascinated with this it's really really weird and I spoke to some of my disabled now friends and they were like, we're not really get them kind of questions are very much. It's just more you're so inspiring your this this whatever and and then start thinking what but why do me and my disabled girl mates get these questions orientated more towards ours is not same in don't get them questions, but it's not so much as I could direct, you know, like we really with aggression and then I was really really deconstructing it over coffee and Instagram one morning and I was thinking I've really think it stems from the patriarchy it really just defines a Woman's Worth by how much sex she can give or how much sexual worth she has so it's almost like when people like they gay oh, yes, it's not like it's not like I might I just want to know why do you want to know you trying to shake them like is that how you're going to turn in your worth they're worth to you. So it's like they almost want to know what your sexual worth is. So they can what your sexual position is, so they can determine your worth. It's an issue of ableism that is still rooted in patriarchy so it's really Interesting to think about when a lot of people talk about feminism. I ever really hear the argument of feminism come from someone who looks like me. So a lot of the time it's and it's one of the things it's not spoke about because a lot of the time when you get people talking about feminism, they're not coming from different points of view, but that is one thing that I've massively found is almost like the D sexual ization of its decentralization, but it's also hyper-sexualization at the same time. I think you were completely right and I also wonder if there's a slightly more kind of Sinister idea towards the idea that because you have been disabled by an accident that you've almost got less power and then you like that kind of as but you also wanted that with a disability. Have you found that people feel like they have more right to ask you questions, which absolutely would never normally ask someone there have been times where I've been like fully like just shocked. I mean even now I mean people ask me they'll just ask me just in the street or if I'm in Supermarket or if I'm in, you know anywhere in a restaurant. Well why Ain't no tellin wow, and literally I first few times. It happened. I would say for the first year. I thought I don't know what to say because I don't want to tell them I don't want to talk about it. Why are they asking I didn't understand because as much as you know, I was internally a bus before I had never ever asked anyone that that is the one thing I could not understand. So, I mean at first I was very much I don't want to upset them. And now I'm like, I don't care if you're going to come to me with that question. You're going to get the answer that you deserve but Very hard at first to try and you always feel like you're kind of tiptoeing around not wanting to upset them. But then I don't think why do I care about upsetting them? They've come to me not caring about upsetting me. So yeah, I mean now I normally reply was something like why are you standing? Yeah, something like that and it's just like well, it's none of your business and then when they get a bit like I'm only asking and I'm like well, but the think about the question that you're asking there's clearly a story behind why I'm in the water where I was born with it, whether whether I had an accident something like that and you coming to that you're asking in for one-to-one prior access to my trauma, but when you've even asked how I am today, so it really feels like it's strips you of any like Identity or right Humanity that you have and it sounds really like dramatic. It's like it's a I would cast it like a microaggression but it's one of them things that really sets a picture of what people think of you and how they see you but in in a able-bodied world, I don't think it's dramatic at all. I can imagine how that constant chipping away as you say at your identity. It's again. It's that like disability first thing and you're right. It's such a odd question. I can imagine a five-year-old asking and that's kind of like fair enough kids are sky. I don't take anything of it. I mean parents they get so embarrassed and I'm like, it's fine. But you need to teach them how to how to deal with questions like that. So when they ask you all the time once I will chair you need to learn how to deal with that. If you want to ask me how to deal with that. That's fine. I can help probably wouldn't know because I don't know how to deal with kids and least maternal present ever. One time it would really upset me is is there was a little boys and supermarket and he said Daddy why is that going a wheelchair unlike normal question normally people just say oh but because she needs it because you can't walk something like that perfectly fine answer but the debtor under the sun he was like because some people aren't as lucky as you and I bit the I couldn't I had to take the by a bit and I turned around I was like, excuse me. I thought you don't know I can hear you as like I'm not deaf, you know, and then he was like, oh is that it was like there's something wrong. I said no, but yeah, I thought you have just taught. You're very young son that his life has more worth than mine because I'm sitting down and he's standing up. You know, what does that teach him? What kind of foundation does that set for him about disability. I'm probably the first disabled person. He's seen that is now his foundation his understanding of disabled people. It's micro, but it really sets the tone for what you're teaching your child. Yeah. That's so true. I want good for you saying something as well because also when you said it to me, then I did have like a little rat. Another but actually that terminology it isn't like I can imagine that people use that kind of thing all the time because we do seem to see it says and I think it's exactly what you said earlier about people thinking that disability will never happen to them. Yeah, we kind of showed ourselves of this idea that we're lucky it'll never happen to me and it's like a safety net around. It was actually that the problem of that is as well. If his son did end up being disabled or something like you you're right you're tying yourself up in knots. It's not a game of luck, you know. Yeah so many things could happen to so many different people and I'm going to circle back again. Because the nature of your accident it happening in the gym and things I want to know like what because again, you obviously weren't born with this knife like that must be even some in some ways. I don't know harder to deal with and did you find that like did you feel a sense of self blame or like and how was it getting back into the gym now because that's what I'm really - God it's not comparable. I broke my leg in the gym doing box jumps. I remember when yeah, and then I had to like have my leg pain to plated now go but I actually box. Thompson spawning completely different scenario, but still enjoys half the gym and everyone was like, how did you go back? Yeah, but II think I know the answer because it's fucking amazing, but I wanted to know like how that Oak. I assume that would've been a bit much bigger leap, or will you desperate to go back even after it happened? What was your relationship like with exercise? So I got into that Fitness in general when I was I want to say 19. It was second year of uni, and I basically got into fitness because I was like really struggling at Uni really Dale. You know what it's like when you're like you're drinking Much eating too much or texting too many toxic boys and I'll just like I need to do something. Let's join the gym. So that's how it started and I think I just fell in love with it again because it was that kind of like that control thing of where lie I have the power to be able to do something and turn my day around and make it positive which I still is probably still now the core of everything that I do. But yeah, so I fell in love of it at Uni. This happened just a little day. I got my results. I'd let you just move time for uni getting back in the gym. It was a massive massive struggle. I mean when it first Happened. I remember lying in a hospital bed and their bond was like, you know, like kind of first friends I said, I was like I might go back to the gym and everyone's kind of looked around. Okay. She Mentor has thus my dad was as my opponent. Now as I will it is so I was like, I'm going to need to build up strength. I need to get back and for me, it was just a given that there was no second thought about it. It wasn't until I got to rehab so I'm still in a hospital but now I'm up in the chair and I'm you know, willing around and things like that. So we go right down to the gym. That's the bottom of the rehab and I just had this panic attack just could not convention had to leave and it was around that time. Oh so many things were happening. I am a my boyfriend at a time of just broken up with me. I had my graduation that I was determined to go to for the day the next week. So I think it was a combination of Chaos in my brain which kind of brought on a load of different it brought everything to the surface. I think I'd gone through survival mode of need to get back to the gym need to get just get through each day get through each day. Survives survives 5 and then loads of things happen, you know like break up. You gotta get to graduation or these things and it just hit me all at once and bought everything to the surface that I'd been kind of pushing down because I wanted to look strong and that might come from that might have come from a place of said blame where I was at. This is my problem. I've got to deal with it. I have to be strong now and so I got diagnosed with PTSD and depression and I am very very lucky that I had a really good psychiatrist. I was because I was an inpatient. I basically got put Top list we had someone who would come around and see if every week Nam know that everyone's not that lucky to get that there's because I have an impatient. I was really really lucky and she really really helped me we would have days where we would just go down to the gym just sit there and we'd have a chat about something completely unrelated should be like did you see Coronation Street or something like that? And then she just below just walk like go over here and I think one thing that really helped is my psychiatrist was actually the same one as well. So I remember saying like, I'm not gonna go see some psychiatrist. She had no idea what I'm going through I get there and I'm like, okay, she might have some ideas for that really massively helped. And so I took everything I learnt with her and I kind of left the hospital and tried to take all of them sort of teachings with me. So it got two new year and I member of things like the day after New Year's Day and my dad said to me is like right we're going to go around to the gym and then we're going to sign up. No, they're doing a thing. We're just going to sign up now. I was like, I'm not doing that. It was like, yes, we are. I was still absolutely terrified. I was having I mean, even though I do stuff with like nightmares and things There are a lot more control aware that they're not having bad night terrors not really saving very much really really depressed and my dad was like right now we're going to teach you a route that you can walk around on your own. It's only like a 15-minute will walk to stop going to find accessible path. We're going to that make it doable. So we go around there we do that and he's like it's not so bad is it so I signed up and then it was like baby steps of as I said for going into the gym looking at the equipment then it went to doing one session a week and then I was like, I'm actually but I'm really enjoying this. I thought I'd Started to find myself feeling more like me. So I think that's kind of what pushed me more into it going to free days a week doing things like that. And then I think it was Jim shock who reached out to me about writing for international women's day and it sounds are things like that where I think people are starting to take an interest in my story and it matches you made me stop and realize that like, I actually accomplish something really great even be able to get back into a gym just to do one session a week was massive. It was something I'd never thought about it was just to me something that I kind of had to do. The kind of do have to thank my dad for kind of like pushing me and making me do it in like a very like a not a nasty way kind of way. And yeah and it just kind of just went through like that, but there was a time where it felt like something I had to do to start that whole impossible to then something that actually wanted to do so I was doing it more for myself and they're still times now where I struggle like I was on the m6 the other day when I'm 60 and 40. I still have another motorways. We don't know that just tell gets through then we were to go but and there was an accident to the side of the road. And I wasn't in the oven the car and job says in the gym injury, but whenever I see something like that, it just honestly sets off so many emotions so many feelings this cut the car was then that she was turned totally on its side. Tightly turned on the side and I just am going past it fire engine trying to get past me trying to cut this man at his car and I've only halfway just going to Burma is only half an hour away and like I just cried the whole way it rest of the way but to there and it was just like Summit one the things that it's just that the sounds of light the fire engine the ambulance the blue lights things like that just set off so many different memories, but now it's at a point where I can recognize this you're feeling this way because you went through something traumatic, but it's okay you're safe. Now you can process it and even that on the station this morning that someone right in front of me. She fell she tripped and she's broken her knee actually, so I really hope she's okay, but she nearly fell onto the platform just right in front of me and there's times like that where I'm remembered of what happened to me and not take it about me, but I'm remembered about the fragility of life and how you know, something like that can just happen you're so right. And also I wanted to I go back I think that question I've framed I said something like did you blame us on I didn't mean that was actually very victim blaming those saying it because Because as I said, you're so right it's like this is just that is just part of the tapestry of life. And I also kind of feel and I think I feel better thinking this but that like things kind of happen for a reason and if you start to think like that, even if I'm glad it's not true. It does just I think make things easier to deal with things happen for a reason. I mean, even if it's not true might not be true, but you can make the react exactly like the reason if it doesn't also your dad and your relationship sounds like the loveliest thing in the world like that's so nice, but I spoke only I was I guess I was asking you that Out like how did you find that personal motivation to go back to the gym? I'm just having such a traumatic incident but the sign of things I think we don't consider often especially as able-bodied people is irrespective of how much you want to do things the barriers to access card you don't exist so we can talk about you having kind of like strength and ambition till the end of the day, but that only goes so far. Yeah, if the world isn't ready to be accessible for you. I saw it one of the things that really annoys me is the saying of they'd never let their disability hold them back and people don't know that's a nice thing to say and I'm like no because every disabled person I have met any obstacle they've ever had is not put upon them by themselves. It's an ableist infrastructure that has put that obstacle there and when you say something like that it makes it sound like the disability is the problem. The disability is not the problem you and the infrastructure are the problem so that when people said that to me kind that don't let your disability hold you back and I'm not it wouldn't if you were more accessible. We've literally worked out a way to go up into the absence of Miles High and From the UK to Australia but a person in a wheelchair. Can I got in the tube? Like I think when you think of it like that it is like clearly we have the technology and the ability to do it and people are so I mean if even if you took that what happens day, it's just because people don't think about it. I mean a lot of it is some of it is like naivety and the bit of like innocent ignorance and then some of it is I don't want to spend money on that. So it's not allowed problem so I can keep ignoring it which does happen. But yeah, and I think so. I think a lot of people are just unaware they just don't No, I think it altar calls into each other though because I think as we talked about before like awareness I think is the last thing but I think that comes from the point of legislation not funding money into it because there would be awareness if there was representation. There would be representation if there was access and there would be access of our government and the people with the power decided that actually we need to funnel more money into making sure that things are accessible. So for could you kind of explain like some of the like day-to-day the most basic things that just you just can't do Like a book not because you're in a wheelchair, but because the world because the axe yeah there. Yeah, so, you know, it's really weird that I think sometimes having a go at my day before I was disabled and sometimes I can't remember just because of her natural that my day now has become to me. So now even things that I'm very lucky a lot of people don't get this done but I was very lucky to have my house adapted by the council. So I think when you're under a certain age or summat like something to do with like certain the certain requirements of basic they will pay to have your house adapted. So I was very very lucky so because of them Adaptions because them access I can now live in my house independently so I can you know, just like you get up in the morning grab a shower, you know got my own coffee grab my breakfast get out of my house which were a long time I could not do because won't be adaptions to be done. So my adaptions in my house. I have a slope going into my house because we did have two steps. But now we have just have a slope. I have a wet room. So basically a shower without step so you just you just went into it and it's an En Suites my bedroom and then I do have a lift going from the dining room. Up to my bedroom. So it just goes that just go straight up. So but I know a lot of disabled people who don't don't have them privileges so they can't even live in their own house independently things that they would be able to do if if that was there but they can't sew it and then makes things like I mean before I had that them as action is done. Like I wouldn't been able to my parents had to bring me in like a bowl of water and I would have to have like a big buff but I'll be up do it myself. I mean some people can't but I'll be able to do it myself, but I won't be able to jump up and go shower and It's things like that that I missed and when I got them back, I think I started to appreciate all the little things a lot more being a lot more grateful for him because I think that's what makes you feel human. It's not really about the big stuff. It's about the fact that like and as you say cup of cause of the virtue of the fact that this can happen to everyone. We all really should hope that we have this and and for the people are already disabled but like it's just one of those things that might happen to we really should be more prepared for it because I do think that I can imagine that one of the most difficult. I don't want to I've no idea actually don't know why I'm talking as if I do, but I think that That Independence? Yeah, that's what makes you feel alive. The massive massive thing as well. Like it's because when I mean since I've become independent and more and more growing the independent, I've become so much more of a functioning member of society. So I now contribute I can actually contribute to society not just in an economic way but in so many other ways as well and I think that is one thing that really gets me is because a lot of either the podcast going back a pointers in December talking about disability in the employment in the employment sector and there were there were some really shocking to statistics of a site like only 30 don't quote me on this but something around about thirty percent of people with spinal injury return to work. Well only 30% and then I think there's some really shocking statistics of by employers who just wouldn't hire a disabled person because they don't think that we are capable of functioning in that kind of environment because they haven't seen it because they haven't tried it. But if there was the access of someone being able to get to work Someone being able to actually have a job to then start paying taxes to start paying rent mortgage your then becoming a part of society which functions Society to keep going but also functions you and like your social and mental health because you can you know, we wear then we've got a more of a Level Playing Field, you're more part of society. You know, you feel more like human. Yeah. I think this is one of the massive things when it comes to disabilities. There's so much stigma around it and it's kind of similar to the way that people view people who are in fact bodies. Like there's this idea that people who Who are disabled sometimes that like, oh, they're on disability benefits. So this whole really really backhanded rhetoric around laziness and stuff. And that's simply not true. I remember speaking to a girl who had an invisible illness and she would sometimes collapse and sometimes you should use a wheelchair but other times she could warn ya and she was saying how she wanted to go to Italy more. She wrung them said, do you have a wheelchair in case this happens? I think she had some kind of chronic pain L maybe like 30. Yeah. Yeah, it wasn't sure but she said oh, yeah, we do have low taxes and The hours of like 12 and 3. She was like, well, I've got a job and then I know that's only so even in that instance disability things assume that disabled people don't work. So the hours for certain things that are like disabled focused will be in like off-peak hours or disabled toilets will be filled with chairs and Starbuck. Yeah, like things like this where because we don't see people with disability out so often because it's physically almost impossible for you to get there. Yeah. We then even the things that aren't there are done so badly and I do think the visibility thing is a huge issue. That's massive. Yeah. I mean, I've I know a few people with who want full-time or to water user. So me I'm a full time will tell you that I cannot without the wheelchair I get out of it independent so I get into bed I get into my car. That's another thing as well that when I'm using my car people are just dumbfounded up there shocked, but I have a hand control car. So I drive with a hand accelerator and Brake really really cool totally adapted. I take my chair apart from The driver's seat and put it over. I'd pick it up over me, but I can only do that because I've built up strength because I got back to the gym. So it all kind of relates to each other. But every time I pull up to a disabled Bay people look at me filthy I pull up so but obviously I'm young. I've got Beyonce playing. I'm in a big Audi and people think I would let here comes another youngster that taking taking the, you know the piss and it's always elderly people who just stare at me until the point where like I will away from the car there glaring at me. Me and I'm like, what? Why are you doing that? What is the point? This is already like doing a car to chair transfer is already something that is a little bit. You know, you look a little bit anxiety doing it every time. I mean, I just found myself, but I'm sorry something's like some people find really nervous to do and when you've got people standing there staring at you because they don't believe you are disabled enough. It just it's like it's so uncomfortable and it just is one of me that makes the experience of being disabled so much harder. I remember when I was first injured I hated going out. Socializing because I know if I met anyone knew they would ask me about my disability. So it got to the point where I really isolated myself offer a meeting new people because I didn't want them to ask me any question. So I wouldn't give him the opportunity to do so, I mean, they might have not have asked they might have been very nice people who wouldn't have done but I was I'm not giving the opportunity I would kind of cut myself off and getting to know anyone so they wouldn't have the chance to ask what again? How do you think we can improve our relationship with the way that fastball that we view disability to move it away? I so much from being like the person focused and more Society Focus to be like, how can we make you feel able in in an enabler Society? And also how do we change people's perceptions on it? Like what what kind of things would you want to see going forward that maybe we as allies could try to help them for so that you're not doing all the work and you're not having to sit on a podcast every other week talking about it. I think it's really interesting people got so what would you want to change what you want to do? I think there's so many different levels and there's so many different types of ableism so you've got like A label is MM like one time this guy refused to open the disabled toilets me at Stratford because he couldn't be bothered. Luckily. I had an able-bodied person with me who was like you need to do this right now. If they've been me on my own he probably wouldn't have done it. So there's instances like that where there's a physical barrier. So say something like a step a staircase is a physical barrier and there was also I was very lucky to be with an able-bodied person because then they can use their voice and their privilege to be this isn't good enough you need to do something but then there's also more kind of light. Subtle, and I hadn't even really coined a term for it. Now if it is 1 but more sort of like subtle ableism were the way we language and the way we talk so I know like him some people say to me like, oh, how you doing, you know, I hope it works out for you mate a probably got better career than you like. My life is like amazing. Stop talking down to me. Yeah, like do no. I mean like in this thing that's our language and the way we talk and I think there's so many different angles to approach the way we're deconstructing ableism. So I think it will take a math Massive like a long amount of time to do so because it feels like back a mountain to climb and I think the this is completely off-topic. They just reminded me of it and people got but we've come so far because sometimes they see as a sable person on the train and I'm like, yeah to you we've come so far but when you're experiencing ableism everyday, you don't have the time to wait another 25 years for the tubes to be updated and I think so, I think really the main thing to tackle So all our goes off it would be to have more disabled people at the table because as you say people are naive or they're ignorant wherever you want to call it, so they're not thinking about it. But if you've got the saber people at the table saying hello. Hi, we we need this were a part of this conversation people then marked start send the runner going on. Oh shit, didn't think about you know, like I say, for example some disabled toilets. They have bins in there, which you have to press the pedal with your foot. Oh, yeah, if you had a disabled person at the you know, I don't want the board meeting whatever meeting of who was designing that particular toilet or even disabled hotel rooms. I've been in say what I told us before where I've gone back down to the hotel and like this is not a disabled hotel room. There's not a roll-in shower. There's a bath of handrails. This is the room for an elderly person. If you'd have had someone who's disabled at your board meeting when you were designing this I tell you would know that so I think it's more about you know access to positions where disabled people can get across their experiences. Yeah, I think I think the other thing with ableism is that it's kind of like the last Prejudice you're allowed to have I think when it comes to talking about intersectionality, and I know I talked about intersectional feminism a lot. I do think that even I I was actually writing that's pretty funny as writing something and I was going like talking about like homophobia transphobia that baby and I'm racism and something and then the last thing I remembered was able is it yeah, it always gets missed off. Yeah. And when before your accent we did you feel do you feel like you've learned a lot more about it or what? Do you feel like you were a while? But he did you did you did, you know about ableism before we all know you're saying you already? Yeah, kind of like that. I would say before I think before my injury. I mean, I was only 21 when I was injured. So I was a really annoying little white girl be still and I was proper like, you know racism is bad and I would be like, oh my God racism is bad. Like I hate this. I hate that but then would probably still talk over time a black woman when she was talking about her experience with racism not because I was like, my experience is more important than yours. But because I didn't Understand fully that it's her time to talk and it's not mine. It's my time to listen. So I think more than anything of my injury has taught me that is that when it comes to a particular intersection. It is the person who is marginalized by the intersection. Is there their chance to talk and share their experiences. So I think now that's like the main the main thing I've learned and I don't know why ableism is constantly missed off the list, but then I kind of get into a position where I don't want to be constantly being like being left. Of the list but then I don't want to be like demeaning the experiences or the modernization of other intersections being like we're always left off. You know, you're you're always talking about black lives matter or you know gay rights because they are tremendously important. I wounder do everything I could to be an ally and I don't want to be like my cause is more important but we all seem to be the one that is like this left left off. Yeah. No, I don't think it's saying it's more important. I just think it's a very odd. It's just kind of like the last taboo. I just think that we haven't seemed to have I think there's like a cognitive dissonance where everyone is like almost collectively decided that they don't want to talk about disability because it's too much of an upheaval is too difficult. We can't do that now because it seems when actually it's not really that hard like we're doing much craziest shit in this world then making things accessible and I do think I think it's laziness on the part of people with privilege who don't want to have to think about making these changes and even going back to my very first thing right at the beginning me just not thinking to check like because it is you have to be vigilant. And but you have to be as a person with a disability Vigilant. Why shouldn't we like it doesn't take that much out of everyone's time to make one small change exhausting when it's every day of your life. You're being you're being vigilant. So it's like it is exact and sometimes I think like if I get like some comments on Instagram and things like that, like if they're able is or whatever something I really pick and choose my battles because if I didn't and I thought every single one I would be exhausted all of the time and I feel like I'd be a lot more negative of a person so, you know, We do need able-bodied people to start or to start even more sort of fighting our battles not for us. But with us, yeah because not just because I mean there is an element of you could become disabled at any time but there's also an element of I'm human. You're human I would fight for you if you needed me to. Yeah. So yeah that element of seeing the civil rights as human rights. Yeah. Yeah, totally it. Can I ask you ever I said because I still think Ava's them something as well, which I'm trying to get used to and I notice I kept myself sometimes saying things which Especially talking about Fitness actually can be quite hard not hard but it can be new to talk about it in a way where I'm trying not to be exclusive to people who couldn't have certain able-bodied privileges. Yeah have I said anything in this conversation just out of interest that you would think it's something that I've picked up in this conversation. I mean there's so I think the most important thing is that you're aware of that you could that you could say something that some people wear that like you but I don't like the way you said that or this is how I always say it and they get so defensive right? Like that is the only thing I think It wearing very when it comes to about Abel is I'm still learning every day. And sometimes I'd say something and I think who need to unpack that that's for later. But yeah, so I thought and I think it's the ability to learn and to change like when I was first disabled, I mean my nan herself. I mean she has like cancer is in remission, but she's had a blue badge for ages, but she always has always called The Bluebird and invalid bat because I because of her Ace is just what she knows as but then when I and I she's done it my whole life. I never picked up in it, so I became I will tell I got my employee badge and she started saying all we need to go to the envelope parking and something really switched on on me where I was like No And then she was like what more did I say? I've been saying that my being on my whole life. I'm like, yeah, but now you're not and yeah, I was very lucky that she's like, I mean there was there still time she'll slip up but now she'll slip up and got all sorry. I mean blue badge but like she's trying see that she understands now because she actually listened to what I was saying and she understood why that it'd be so hurtful to hear that that story is just reminded me of like a really good point to make because I think sometimes people don't understand ableism but that word invalid in which is actually invalid. Yeah, which basically means you're not human that is the cost of what we're fighting against. Yeah. It's like no just because you've had an injury, you're not suddenly not so fun anymore. You're not just a faceless wheelchair user. That's what we're fighting is like bringing the humanity back into it. That's such an interesting point when you think about things like I like the language that was used. Yeah, it seems as about so crazy that I'm like, oh my God, is that of is that her issues shocking? Yeah. Yeah because there's also like mental ableism as well as it does get quite confusing is that anything that you specifically would want to bring up that I haven't touched or not? You think it's a really important point for people to think about sorry. This is thing it did. This is such an intricate. I've done quite a few podcasts are but I've never actually done where I've sat and talked about ableism and like disability like in-depth side. I talk about all the time on social media, but it's nice to actually have sit-down conversation with someone who isn't disabled and be like, you know talk about different like depths of it. Yeah, because there's so many different. I mean, I'm very lucky. I went through the education system as an able-bodied person. So I haven't had to experience that side of the modernization. But yeah, I guess there are so many different elements to it that even I probably hadn't even realized as education employment Financial social and even like if you think about health I Someone the other day, I think her name's shown. I follow her on Twitter and she's like a great disability activist. She was talking about how I think it was smear tests are pretty much inaccessible because she said they're not really catered for disabled women and even is something like that where it's completely missed off the feminist sort of radar, isn't it? Yeah, and there you go. You've got the health sector things like that, but it's I think it would it would take me like Maybe all we go through like every single step. Yeah, but yeah, I mean, there's so many things that I'm discovering all the time where it's a new experience and it's a new kind of marginalization or it's a new thing that I now write great. That's something else. I need to kick down or punch down or whatever. But yeah, there's this I think we've covered quite a lot of them in a short time. Yeah. Well, that's good. But I don't I know it's been we've been kind of focusing on the negative attributes that come with disability, but I also want to say because you are popped like carving a path Women to men out that with disability and it just shows like even if bloody people won't employer. You've got find great. Like if you got you might not be able to get employed in an office, but you got a way better career online and actually maybe this will just pave the way for more people who are looking to get their voices heard and speak because I do think it's so important that we have for people with disability not about disability just about them being them and happening to have a disability, but I don't think we're quite there yet, but I do think that being able to see it more like seeing as a grieving is a massive thing. It's so important and I think everything you're doing is were incredible. I'm very grateful you came on if people would like to find you online. Where do they need to go? So you can find me on Instagram. I'm so Jay Butler really regret picking that name, but it's so good about that and then YouTube Sophie Butler and then Twitter, although you might not want to follow me on Twitter. It can be a bit of a danger zone. But that again is Sophie about luck amazing all the thank you so much for time. He loved it and thank you so much for listening guys. I will see you next week.