What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl.He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up. Very fun observation there Charles. Now. Do you guys think about the inciting incident? The inciting incident is actually quite a mystery Patrick tells Miss Maloney. He's a tell her something he explains in about 45 minutes in this money is in complete shock. She can't believe what you just heard. The author does not tell us exactly how much money said and what do you guys think? He said I think she forgot to leave the toilet seat down if I would cheat on his wife. Yeah. I agree with that statement Zachary. So let's move on and go to Rising action the rising action of our stories when mrs. Maloney walks downstairs to go get a piece of meat to fix her supper she acted as if mr. Maloney hadn't even told her anything and as I quote she couldn't feel her feet touching the floor. What do you guys think about the climax? Climax happens? When mrs. Maloney wax? Mr. Maloney in the back of the head with the leg of lamb. What do you guys think? Why did you do this? I think she just did a self anger and it was actually pretty weird because like we were not expecting that. Yeah, I'm not really sure why she did it. I think there were some better Alternatives that she could have done such as kick him out of the house. But I mean she got away with in then spoiler. The falling action is permissible only goes to the process of making sure no one knows what she did. It's crazy how she doesn't even fulfill any regrets about killing her own husband. Miss money goes to the grocery store and talk to Sam. She gets a can of potatoes and means to cover up her murder when she comes home. She calls the police pretends like she didn't know that her husband. That when the police finally show up they all know Miss freneau because they're friends with her husband. He was a detective semester know you knows how to cover up your tracks. Mr. Money was very clever had put the meat in the oven before the police showed up that she and acid they're hungry and serve them to meet. Let's go ahead and wrap up the plot with the resolution. So in the end the detectives are eating the leg of lamb that Miss money killed, mr. Maloney with and the story ends very abruptly. So the men are eating the lamb and they're discussing what they think the weapon could be and they say it's probably right under our noses, which we'll discuss later on our podcast. So let's go ahead and move right on to the characters. Charged with Savage park it outside Miss Maloney is a protagonist. She is around dynamic character. Mrs. Maloney is round because we're giving the most detail but miss Maroney throughout the story all her character traits and actions almost seemed like it was first person but it was in third person Miss Maloney is dynamic because I've respected from the beginning she was innocent and like a My wife and then she murdered her husband and has no second thoughts about it, which is a dramatic dramatic change from the game store. Now let's move on to mr. Maloney. He is the antagonist of the story because he tells Miss Maloney something that really upsets her. He's also flat because we don't really know much about them. He just kind of comes in for a little bit and gets hit boom. He's out and at the beginning of the story. He was actually The Confidant because he was someone that Miss money really trusted but in the end it didn't say that way the detectives are static and flat because they do not change and we don't know much Out there except there. They are friends Miss Maloney. Mrs. Maloney. They could also be considered a a stock character because they represent your average Detective. Sam's the grocery store worker and he's probably the flattest person in the story because you don't know much about him. He is also very static because he does not change in stock because Z represents your average grocery store worker. Now, let's talk about the setting voice. We think this story took place from the 1950s because that's when it was written and it took place in the suburbs in a home with a gravel driveway attic. Yeah, and back to the 1950s thing that back in that time period women were not as respected on the social level as much as men so like so this might have played a role and Miss Melanie killing. Mr. Maloney. Yeah, that's crazy bro, the settings pretty mysterious. So it adds to the tension of the story. We don't really know where it's occurring. We're all dolled is not really elaborate on where the story takes place the internal conflict at the story is when Miss Mullen he's wondering to yourself. What she can do the cover of murder. This is man vs. Self instead of man versus man because it only involves one person said of to the external conflict in the story is Man versus man because his between mr. Maloney. Mrs. Maloney, they have dialogue between each other and Miss Maloney actually hits and kills. Mr. Maloney. The theme of our story is sometimes the truth is right under your nose because when mrs. Maloney kills the husband she uses a lamb chop, and then Cooks it and when the detectives try to find the murder weapon they eat it and they literally say the weapon should be easy to find personally. I think the weapon is near the house. It's probably right under our noses. There are multiple examples of figurative language and land of the slaughter an example of symbolism is the fact that a Lambs are very innocent animal and it symbolizes that mr. Monty was innocent. Do you guys think there are any other literary elements there is lots more favor of language in the end of the slaughter including irony because a lamb's an innocent animal being slaughtered with no way to defend and stuff just like in the story The Wife seems innocent at the beginning and left for their unborn baby by her husband. She was a great wife then she kills him. Without him being able to defend himself making her the slaughter. This is ironic because the lamb changed in the story. It is also funny how she used a legacy under kiln. It's also ironic out Miss Maloney used her husband's detective skills to evade being captured by the police. The literary elements added a lot of the story and helped us comprehend it better. Yeah, I really am symbolism and landfill Slaughter really add to the humor of the story and next a reading want to keep on reading it you devices in the setting in the story went hand-in-hand and creating a mysterious atmosphere affected the plot the characteristics of the characters and the Man versus man and man versus self conflict help us better understand the plot and the meaning of the story by helping the story move along and by driving the pot. The theme of lemon solder advised us to be more careful and take her time. Well, ladies and gents. That's all we got for this week. Remember to buy armor chart. Go ahead Jammers.com Link in the description join us next week when we discuss the Curious incident of the dog in the night-time.