Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got Amiibo cards you say but you know, you got a ton of amiibo cards three boxes were what series were they? Were they like two three and four? That's correct. Cool, I could tell because the green box I think was the first series and I was like, oh I didn't see a green one. So did you how many I guess are you close to completing your collection at this point? I think at this point. Yeah for the most part I think series. For I still need a few I kind of going through a list of what I need in what I have to give away. Yeah, a lot of duplicates what a lot of spots were filled as well. That's awesome. So, how are you keeping these you have like a special binder anything that you're putting them in? I have those I think their official right the ones that are series 1 through 4, like in a separate binder you have those. Yes. Oh man. I'm so jealous. I wish I had those. Oh, yeah. Remember now those weren't yeah. I had to import each one. That's right. Yeah, those were import items. Yeah and funny enough. Let me tell you so in 2016 Jackie and I got married we took our honeymoon in Spain and I saw them there and I would I was very close to buying them all but then I was like I could barely close my suitcase as it was so as like gonna have to skip this but they're Right here right in front of me. I was like carrying them around the store and then I was like, I don't think I'm gonna be able to fit these in my suitcase. I'm just gonna leave him here man. I that's awesome. Okay next time I visit you. I'm definitely going to have to flip through that book because those are cool. I love that. They have the outlines of each character. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, so it kind of feels like Barry. Who's that Pokemon? Yeah. Well, that's pretty awesome before we get into the questions. I did want to kind of give everybody a reminder that we have a calendar and official hakken calendar that compiles all of the artwork that we've seen on the show here and oh my goodness. It features art by Cody Bear. Yes. It is. She has been really wonderful to work with she's given me a lot of advice and really cool insight into you know. Getting the calendar up in places and everything and even just like some other little background things like actually shipping everything out and making it all get to people on ice, but she is the featured artist for this month and she did something we did. We have some we had a special arrangement with her where she did the March 20 20 are at work, which is of course really means a release month for the show. Yes, but from there she also did March Any 21 so she will be opening and closing this this essentially calendar, you know, right and year of Animal Crossing New Horizons, which is kind of a big deal, you know? Yes a Phenom. Yeah, so I'm sending you the peace right now or do you have it? I have it all Sergio. Yes. Okay. So yeah, tell me tell me about it. What do you think of this one? Aw, its spring its March. It's the best month of the decade the one that we have in way. Ting for in the piece just goes with it. You know, it's very nice. It's perfect perfectly the sign like its minimalistic in a way but there's a lot of detail in a lot of color to very first Elish but very nice. Yeah. What I really liked about her style is just like it gives me like storybook Vibes very like children's book types of peels to it, which I've always been a fan of I really like children's books in general. So having this piece B, that is really cool. And the other thing I want to point out two with this one is you'll notice there's like lots of weeds around lots of little fossil holes things aren't very developed their living in a tent still, you know, and so what I really like about that is just that this is how we're going to start our lives in New Horizons, you know, we don't know how long we're going to be in a tent for example, but for the most part like we're just going to be starting Bare Bones and everything and I think this piece does a really good job. Of capturing that yes, definitely. Yeah, and then the other thing it does have some of the cherry blossoms which we've seen a little bit of on everything. So yes. Yeah, it's honestly really great and later on. I guess we're going to show a bit of the March 20 21 pieces well, but you'll notice that one is definitely like, oh this town has been developed a little bit more there made some progress in the year, you know. Yes. Yeah, but also Funny too because both of these pieces were made prior to us seeing like the Animal Crossing director a whole lot of info for this because they had to be ready in time to get printed in the calendar. Yes, I mention and so she essentially like kind of went with what we had at first, right? But I think she did really capture it really well that kind of progression and just the house in the March 20 21 piece looks It's really cute. Yes, the house the fencing the paths you're starting to see you know, yeah, this is more of like a town a city. It's not just oh we just got here. It's definitely been developed. Yeah, so that one I mean we'll showed a little bit here today. So you all can see it. But that one is actually going to debut in March 20 21 yesil whole year later. We're gonna be checking in here. We're going to see how our year of Animal Crossing New Horizons has gone. And oh my goodness. What a year. It's going to be. Yeah. Yeah. So once again, I do want to mention Cody bear was the artist for this she's got all sorts of social media accounts all over the place. She streamed as well in the past. I don't know how much she screams these days, but that was something that she used to do but I will have all of her links in the description for you to go follow her show her some love really just enjoy her artwork because it's all really Ali cute and I was really glad to work with her on this stuff. Yes. Yeah. So once again the calendar is also available now if you order now, especially I'm going to stress like if you're International I really recommend ordering soon because it's going to take like two to three weeks before this thing we can get to you just with all of the shipping stuff and you know, it takes a long time for me to send it from the u.s. To another country for those in the Us domestic shipping is a lot faster. I think the latest people got it was like a week after I sent it. I'm not Amazon. Unfortunately, I can't provide two day shipping but you you all will be able to enjoy it in time for Animal Crossing New Horizons to launch. So if you're looking for some really fun way to keep track of your gameplay. I really like this calendar. We worked really hard on it and all of the artwork from every single artist. That's Been on the show so far is in it. So you will be able to enjoy a lot of really great art. And I've also I shouldn't tell people to like rip this calendar apart. But like if you don't you're not really into calendars like it's a lot of really high quality prints of Animal Crossing. So if you just want it for that, that's fine, too. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, my one of my other artists was like, oh man, I could just like cut these out frame them. Make it look like really cool. Yeah, like not a bad idea, especially like it, you know, you could go a year of using it before you did that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah cool. So let's go ahead and move into answering our questions for the week. They're weird Sergio. Have you seen this like weird? Yeah down there. I'm Justin's we are doing day 23 through 17. We're so close. It doesn't feel real but you know it is so it's a mixed feeling. It's amazing. Yeah, I did want to check in with you. So you're still good two-week vacation. You're doing that all yeah, definitely. Oh man so jealous. I wish I had that much vacation time. I do not I probably have about two and a half days. Right? No, it was probably around three so far, so I'm taking launch day off, which will be a nice long weekend. Fisher says yes the best of the Year best. Yeah. Best weekend of the Year best day of the year best month of the year best month of the decade. We are in the best of times. Yeah this way. Yeah, and for all of you, it's March 3rd at this point. So another special day. It's switch launch day. So the switch came out March 3rd 2017. So that's a pretty special date to keep in mind and who knows maybe we'll just get another. ER trailer for things. I know a lot of people are hoping for like a direct announcement at this point that would actually make sense with the date. That would be I would like that. I would like to see that. Yeah, it'd be fun. It would be a fun little callback for where the switch was at that point and where it is now. Cool. So let's actually finally get to these questions because you know, I gotta talk a lot about all sorts of things. So day 23, the question was type of weather and or time of day that makes you the happiest. What did you say for this Sergio? So for me, I really like rain not the heavy rain that we get. Sometimes it's just light rain and light rain is good enough. I like it a lot and as for the time of day in might surprise you I actually Have a lot of fun memories playing New Leaf at 3 a.m. I wasn't waking up at 3 a.m. At that time. It was had a like I called it a broken sleep schedule. I kind of slipped into chunks every day. And usually I was up at 3:00 a.m. Just playing and fishing and just having fun. I like that time a lot like because you know, it's 3:00 a.m. But Animal Crossing makes you feel definitely super safe. It's awesome. Yeah, and your sleep schedule makes me feel stressed. Well, I mean, I've heard people, you know, do kind of like the power nap sleep schedule type of thing. Right? And I don't know I guess I don't know how I feel about it so never done it. But but I do really like that you have gotten to play during hours that I just don't think exists. Yeah ever seen 3 4 a.m. Before in my life. So, you know, I just have to believe that it exists based on what you're telling me. I but I agree with you. I really love rainy weather you I know you said light rain not so much Heavy Rain which is a game but not the one we're talking about. I just like rainy like I don't care if it's light heavy whatever it is. I just love rainy weather any time of day. I'm happy because I just go back to the original Animal Crossing when it was a rainy day and that little rainy day theme would be playing. So simple and so cute and so nostalgic it takes me back. Yeah, very like significant. Yes. It's raining. I can hear it in the music. Yeah, it just feels like a rainy day. Yeah, even if it's a sunny day outside for you. Yeah. Okay, so day 22 which town fruit equals a hard restart. Are you gonna with any of them make you restart the game Sergio? Honestly, I've decided that I won't Whatever I get I get get the one that would make me go would be pairs. But even if I get them I'm sticking with it. Yeah, I think I feel maybe the same I guess I'll have to see when it actually happens, but I don't want pears. I don't really want oranges. I'd be happy with apples cherries or peaches to be honest. I think the peaches for me. It's a call back to my original town. Cherries, they used to be my least lowest on my list of three that I would like to have but lately I've seen the footage with cherry trees in the game. And I'm just like they look good. They just look too good. And I want to eat them. So cherries are fine again. I'm back on the cherry train ice and then apples, you know just apples really stuck out and you leave with the perfect Apple it just yeah so good. Like the best fruit, it just looks beautiful. So I'm down for any of those. I I think right now I want to accept pears oranges if that fate is what is faded. But if I don't get them, I'm okay with that nice and you have more chances of getting the ones you want three out of to yeah. Yeah, and that's that makes me happy too. Like the odds are in my favor at this point. Not that the odds are ever really that I'm pretty unlucky. I've got to tell - you should have seen my streams earlier this week when we were doing the the Festival event. Oh, yeah rock paper scissors kicks my butt. I cannot win at rock-paper-scissors, but you know what, I will blame stream chat for that one because they told me to they told me to pick Rock and I was like, I don't know you guys rock. I don't know and then I did it and I was right we got it wrong. So ya know like I said odds are in my favor. I have a pretty good chance of getting a fruit that I would want in my town ice. Hmm. And you do too like if you're just like bummed out by pairs like you got four other options. So we're going to get me working the yeah, if there's it's gonna happen. I just I feel it already Okay, okay day 21 What is your favorite way to farm Bells? Okay. So for me, it's definitely the turnips the easiest I guess in a way that easiest to set up for is perfect fruit. You know, you just plant a lot of trees as many as you can you wait for the day when they are when you get extra cash for them at retail, but then it takes too long to like get all the fruit and then you have to plant it all over again. And then maybe you have to visit a town and do multiple trips from the storage to the right. It's like now I'll just wait for a good turn of day. And then you have the option of waiting for you to get a good price in your town or for a friend and then you just visit so yeah the turnip system. It seems like it's the best. I know there's also the box at the island put to me that seemed a little too much, you know a little too easy. Yeah. Yeah. I got that. I've done a lot of those things as well. Like the fruit essentially wild world. My playthrough of wild world like fruit was my main source of income. Um every three days and I can't go back to it. I just can't because wild world was at that point in time where you could only carry your 15 items, you know, you couldn't stack the fruit knew that was introduced a new leaf. And so new leaf made it easier, but even then I just I was like, no I'm not doing this fruit Orchard thing. I've done it but in the past, it's kind of annoying to have to go and Shake every single tree in your place. But you know what? I think it's improving each time because now you know, we had a limit to how many fruit baskets we could have where it was like you could have nine fruits per basket. Yes, but now looking at the inventory and New Horizons, it looks like you can carry 99 years. That's so at least in one little slot. Right? So right off the bat they are already improving your ability to just collect. And collect and then even beyond that they we have seen that you can increase your inventory slots, which is insane to have double the inventory space is so much room with everything stacking and having double it's just like it's not gonna be an issue. Yes to do that sort of thing. Now that said I also did the bugs. I probably did that a lot in the beginning of the game and then I was like it's time. Yeah, gotta go to the island. Listen to Captain song which is okay fine. No, I enjoyed it. But you know and then you start catching bugs you put them in that box and then you go back out and you just keep going back and forth, right, you know until 500,000 Bells have appeared in your account. But that was on average what I would get a night doing that but once I had like a good little bunch of money like I swapped over to the Stock market really quickly. There's there's guides out there to kind of tell you how to kind of watch your stock prices. Yes, you know and those really helped like I said though, I'm not very lucky. So I didn't really ever have like really high prices in my town. I think I did like once you know, and I did pay it back where I opened my town for people to visit me and sell their their turn out right, but mostly I would just like go on Beltre forums and find somebody Had really good prices for the stock market. Oh nice Mmm Yeah, so I think we agree. Once again. Yeah Market, that's way to go. So day 20 draw out your ideal map and I'll be honest with you at the time of this recording. I haven't drawn it, but I do have ideas. So all I'll go over those but what Sergio what are your ideas for it? So when I'm kind of ambition my final path for my Island I just see a lot of connecting paths in hopefully we can do some diagonal once I think especially with the ability to have transparent paths now, I think we can do that and it's going to be very nice. I just want everything to like be connected in many ways different like streets are many Avenues if you will everything connected with a lot of areas in between not just for the houses or the buildings with just like Gail like rest stops, even or like other areas for me and the villagers to just have fun. Yeah just A lot of little areas connected but be a lot of hats. Yeah. I also I really like that idea because I've always really liked paths like very intricate padding ways to and you can do this. Like I'm sure you can do that like make some single paths double paths triple paths and I mean like, you know grid size for those but yes, there's a lot of options for that especially like traversing rivers and going up Cliffs and that sort of thing so there are tons and tons of options. Yeah, definitely. So I guess for me I was looking at the different maps and I know I am under the suspicion that the two things that won't be able to move our the resident services area and the dodo Airline. So I'm assuming you can't move those. They like where they are is where they're going to be. So I'm trying to guess I'm going to go for a map that has A central kind of more centralized location for the resident services and then I want the airport to probably be more directly south of it but a little to the right because you know, you kind of go off the airport and walk to the left. And so I want that walkway to kind of match up to have a path that goes straight up. Yeah resident services got so that way it feels like oh, I'm just landed. This place let me get situated by heading off to resident services and you know, it feels official. Yes when you get to the town. Yeah, the other thing I want I know I want to do with my town is back in Animal Crossing on the GameCube population growing. There were those very special Rivers where it would widen like a lot and there would be a little island in the middle of that. Yeah, two bridges that connect. I know for a fact that At I want to put one of those in my town and then outside of that. I probably going to focus on making most of my town like in the second and third tiers. Like I want to have my town be more mountainous then Island - yeah. So those are the main features I would say for my town. But like I said, I'm gonna I'm gonna draw a map. I haven't done it quite yet. But by the time you're all listening to this, it's probably going to be on the screen for you to see - yeah, because I did promise Nina that I would at least do this one. So it's on my docket for something to do nice and easy. It's a good one to do because it's like planning for the future and the layout is one of the most important things in our town. So yeah good one to draw for sure. Yeah, it is for sure. I like it a lot. So we're getting close here day 19. How do you think you will Implement items place? Outside are your outdoorsy items the only ones that belong Outdoors or will you be rocking a couch and a bidet on that front line? So what do you think here? Yeah for me, you know any item that if the game gives us the freedom to place anything outdoors looking at front yard backyard or even anywhere in between I'm going for it. So like yeah, whatever fits, you know, if it works it works if it doesn't really work, but it still kind of works. I'm going for it. That's awesome. Yeah, I mean, that's how I feel about it too. Like if it's just an item that feels like it's going to fit their that's great. Yeah. Yeah. I said I want to put whatever fits the mood of the location outside and and I want to stress that too. Like I want it to because I want to decorate around my villagers homes as well. So I want to kind of capture what their their style is. Yeah, you know, so I think the best way is to just give them a little yard and make it something special. Yeah. Yeah, so day 18. Are you going to take your time to savor the gameplay or are you going to grind Bells like a niggling for me? I'm definitely gonna take my time. I won this game to last, you know in basically at least for me a new Leaf kind of lasted like between two and three years by that point. We kind of wanted another one. I think New Horizons. I am planning to have it last between 5 and 6 years. So double that, you know, so Definitely going to take my time pretty much with everything everything. Yeah. Yeah, I agree with you there because I just I already know the wait for the next game is going to be so long. And you know, it's tough to start already thinking about the next game when you haven't even played this one. So I think it's important to kind of pace yourself and understand like Animal Crossing's meant to be a long-term game and it's worth like Some things here and there just so you can look forward to it next year. Yes. Alright, so day 17 the final day of this week. We're so close at this point is will you be building your home on or off the beach? What are you thinking? I think I'm gonna go with the beach for the first part of the game when you when you are in that tent and I think it's kind of going to be optional when you decide to upgrade to a house. And so when I finally do that, I'll probably go more for like a cliff somewhere on the island. But while I'm on the 10th, I kind of like the beach life on a tent sounds fun. Yeah, that does sound pretty fun. And now it's like we're we know that we're going to be able to move our places. It's yeah something I wish we could have done annually for sure. But yeah, like we're gonna be able to move so wherever we stick our tent the first time around that doesn't have to be where it stays. Rapper right so still I don't think I'm going to live on the beach maybe at some point. I'll give it a try and see how I feel but I like I said, I'm going for more of a mountainous town. So I might be up on the cliff somewhere. Nice. Yeah. All right. Well those were all of the questions for the week. Let's go ahead and move into the next topic, which is Animal Crossing at New Horizons at PAX East so recently Pretty late in the game Nintendo announced that Animal Crossing New Horizons would be playable as in a demo version at PAX East and a lot of people were like, well finally you announce something that's going to be playable there. I don't even know what else was playable like. Do you know if other games from Nintendo were playable at PAX East? That's true, you know, not that I heard and I mean at least for sure they could have promoted Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, which is coming out the week that We're listening to this episode. So yeah that surprising but maybe they are promoting what matters to them most? Yeah, that's true. And I'm surprised you like I didn't hear anything about Pokemon Mystery Dungeon there at all, but that would be the game to kind of talk about at that point. Yeah, so it's surprising but yeah, I guess outside of that. Did you get a chance to watch any of the footage that came out of PAX East? Yes, there was a lot of it I Didn't watch like every minute of it some of like they were a lot of like 20 minutes of this 15 minutes of that. I kind of came through those I didn't want to get all the details and kind of want to save some for when we actually get the game but it was tough. It was tough. I did want to watch a lot of it. Yeah. Well you're stronger than I because I definitely watched like a few videos all the way through and yeah that I mostly watch just to see like, what are they doing with the demo, you know? Animal Crossing because for years people say have been telling me Animal Crossing doesn't demo. Well, it's not exactly a game that you show off, you know, right and I was like, well, I would enjoy playing Animal Crossing out of at a place, you know, so I don't know for me. I was just like well, how do we know Animal Crossing doesn't demo well because I want to try it. Yeah. Yeah, so I watched it for that and it was fun. It was fun to see like people go through and Play the game and kind of like here the here the Nintendo rep kind of talk about just like all the different things you could do and how you know, they would guide you here and there but for some people it was like oh, yeah, you have free reign you can do whatever you want. And so others were just like walking around and maybe didn't know quite what to do, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah, so that's basically what I saw from the footage, but I did want to ask you like, what was the most interesting thing you saw? So for me, there were a lot of tidbits and I feel like you know, the little confirmations that we got on a lot of things was very nice Definitely the standout was it's looking like we're going to be able to send letters to our friends online. That is really cool. If it is definitely for sure we're going to be able to store at like about 300 letters. I believe I saw that's crazy. That's awesome. Definitely those two stood out to me. Also how like it seems like some of the The characters are going to have like a slowish sort of development. Like they're also growing in the eye line. Like you are definitely the the example of that the main one is bladders, you know, he starts out like on a 10 kind of place before you actually get the official full-blown Museum. That's really cool. It's like yeah, I'm here to you know, these are my roots to we're going to grow together. Yeah, the okay, you've made a lot of really good points here for sure. The letters are is huge like being able to send letters out to people like your friends and everything without like being in their town. Why was that ever the only way to do it? Yeah, like it's obvious that we want to send letters to people in other towns. Like why not make it work that way like it did back in City Folk. Like that's how it worked. And so that's a great return and especially Beholding like 300 letters because every single day and you leave I've been logging in every day and I'm just like, oh, I hope my letter pocket isn't full as I grab a million Letters Out of This mailbox. And so yeah, it's going to be nice to not have to worry about managing my letter inventory. Yes, and then dude blathers getting an upgrade from the beginning that is wonderful to me. It's just like it took so long for this to happen. I feel like a bunch of other shops at didn't really experience as many upgrades before and now it seems like they have gone all out with this idea that we are starting with nothing in this town and we really really have to build it all up. Yeah, you know Yeah, so I am really excited to see that blathers is going to be one of those experiences because also and this will be mentioned in the interview a little bit later. But like it's just starting with the huge empty Museum. I don't it doesn't make sense. Yeah. Yeah because the whole building is already so like special and decked out, you know. Hey, yeah, but there's nothing in there. So it's nice to see that you have to work to get to that. Building yes. Yeah. So I guess the things that I pointed out earlier that I found more interesting were outside of the blathers thing because I had that written down as well. But I really like that the message in the bottle has finally been confirmed to have returned. Yes, and this is a feature that existed in wild world. And so pretty much you would get a message in a bottle. You could open it up and it be a letter from Somebody you could also kind of send some out so that was really cool. But the most I guess it's what they showed here is that you can open them and some of them will actually have DIY recipes. So it's going to give us a new way to find DIY recipes which is you know, a lot of people always complain about all of the Public Works projects in New Leaf being essentially recommended to you by a villager. You know, right it was it's time. It's time to see us find all these things that we can build it in many different ways. Yeah, and this is a very nice throwback to Wild World in definitely nice plus to also get DIY recipes with it. It's a very very good decision in to know yeah, I'm really glad this is the case for sure. Yes. So from there, I did also want to ask you. What did you think? Gov that Nintendo booth that was their almond. It looked amazing. Like when you when you kind of first see it to me that like that most attention-grabbing part was the water the way it looks it just makes it look very like it's a mini Island, you know, it's nice and cozy and it's like the island in the game, but you're there to actually demo the game is like wow, it's amazing. How did they do this? Yeah. I agree the water the waterfall kind of portion was just like what? Yeah this So cool. How did you do that? And so I really like that they made it kind of just a magical place. And now at this point I want to just build a set for my studio that just looks like that if I could just stream and it looks like I'm right there in the world of Animal Crossing. Now. Do you dream come true? Awesome? I don't know how we'd ever be able to do that. But like having a little house built out and then from there putting Ting like a tree of course, but yeah, it would it would honestly look amazing. Yeah. The next question I had for you was did you look into tickets to go to PAX East after you've learned that Animal Crossing would be there? Oh man, I would have liked to he was a little too short notice, you know the way they time that so it couldn't really have worked but it would have been nice like I knew for sure like in the events that yet. And had it starting late last year. I think like around December. I just knew that the mascots were going to be there. And of course that includes KK is lighter and you know, if I ever go to an event where he is at I know the first thing I'm gonna want to do is just to give him a big hug, and I don't think I'm gonna be able to let go so I don't want to get in trouble or get anyone in trouble. So it's probably better if I don't go. Yeah it home and it was really cool seeing kick a slider there Tom. Cook Isabel. Yes. It's so fun to just see all of those characters show up and you know just do photo ops with people. It seemed like they had a lot of fun with the different photo. Who's yeah, but they took you'll see one from the the interview. She a Great Fairy Kerry took a really great photo with Isabel and Tom Nook. Unfortunately, she did not get one with KK Slider, but I'll post those later on when we go through her intervention. Colorful. Yeah, but yeah, I looked into it. I'm gonna tell you right now that I for sure looked into what it would cost to go. Right and I was like, I think I'm Gonna Save a thousand bucks and just wait for this game the come out because oh my goodness where those flights expensive. Yeah. So it was just too much and too short notice just like you but I just looked get into it because I was like, well, you know if it's reasonable and I'll give it a go, you know, and you know, just enjoy playing Animal Crossing it would have been fun. Yeah, it would have been like a little more like it's it would have been like we were there we were in the game for a little while before we even get a chance to actually have it. I would have been an awesome. Yeah, and honestly what I've and you're totally right it just feels like you're there. Yeah, which is the dream that People have yeah, so Nintendo make animal crossing VR that be great. All right. Okay, so I did want to point out one thing that was really confusing from PAX East and it's something that I pointed out in my video, but it's some also something that I don't think I quite understand fully. Yeah, and so it snuck miles plus essentially we've learned about Nick Miles. We know there are thing they're essentially the reward system that works in the Game and kind of gives us different tasks to complete and different rewards for completing them as we play. And so that I don't know. I guess I just didn't know what exactly it was. Were you able to like pick up on anything for it not to detail like to actually be able to point out the difference. I heard from one of the videos that I watch that it might be related to you know, like Nuke miles is the long-term goal. So you have and then Look miles plus might be that they lie. Once or the other way around it wasn't too clear. And yeah, I think for sure we don't know the full details, but I'm also very intrigued, you know, the more nuke miles programs that are out. There are more like daily Rewards or long-term rewards the better. So I'm all for it and I cannot wait to find out the details. Yeah, and I agree there. I feel like that's what I'm mostly heard about it that it was just a daily reward system versus like more long-term. Term what Nick miles is you know, right. Hmm. So who knows? I'm excited to just start playing the game and figuring all of this stuff out living it for myself, you know, exactly well said, yeah, so we're ready to do that. But like I said right here, I'm going to actually clip in an interview with grape fairy carry. I talked to her earlier today just because of time I could make work and so Will cut to that real quick and then we'll be right back. Hey everybody. This is chewy plays Nintendo. And today I am with Great Fairy carry to talk to her about her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East. So hello, Carrie. How are you doing? Oh, I'm great. How are you? I'm doing well. I've been very excited to speak with you because of all of this really great footage you got I think yours personally was kind of my favorite to look really yeah and just when I was uploading honestly, I was like, oh my goodness this footage looks terrible. I'm so far away from the No, I think you you captured it really? Well, I think yours had like the most clear view of the screen than a lot of them did thank you. Yeah. So before we get too far though, I did want to ask you to tell all the listeners about yourself and where they can find you. Oh, um, well, I am Great Fairy. Carry. I make Nintendo videos mainly focused on Animal Crossing and I am on YouTube at Great Fairy carry. Twitch Instagram Twitter pretty much. Anything you can think of I'll be there awesome. Yeah. I'm really I really hope people go and check out your footage because it's really great. But yeah, I guess really quickly. I wanted to start kind of on the broad spectrum of things. How was your experience at PAX East and what we're kind of the highlights of the event for you? Oh my goodness. It was such a great experience. It was definitely a lot more chaotic than I could have expected. I on the second day. I wanted to play the demo a second time and I got to the event 12 It's after it started. I don't mean getting in line. I mean, I was in the doors 12 minutes after it started and they already had capped and close the lines for the Animal Crossing demo for the Nintendo merch shop for the pin. You couldn't get to anything that's wild that is incredibly packed. I was crazy people started lining up around the entire building like on the wall outside of the line to form a line for when the line reopens. That's pretty awesome. I love that just it sounds like a lot of people really excited to get their hands on the game. Oh my goodness. Everyone's so excited as people. You wouldn't even expect. I mean people like some hardcore like intense violent game boost for like, I'm most excited for Animal Crossing. That's pretty awesome. I know that Dune Community is really embracing us for sure. Oh my gosh. I love it. I've seen some GameStop stores of put the Doom in Animal Crossing together, and that makes me so happy. Yeah, it's really great to see. And I'm now a big Doom supporter after this for sure. So, okay. So that was your experience going in on day two, but you actually did get to play the game. You got to take some footage of it as well. Can you kind of run us through like how they organize the demo or just like how that whole experience was going in and playing it? Well, the demo was absolutely amazing you had free range as the entire Island and you would play with another person as well as the Nintendo employee who kind of guided you and it was a co-op play so they would change who the leader was throughout the entire 20 minute demo that we were able to get. Hmm. So free range is so they weren't like trying to take you anywhere. They weren't telling you to do any specific things it just kind of like let you do whatever they let you explore. However, you wanted of course, they'd be like, oh, why don't you go look at the Museum if people weren't really trying to go look at the Museum. They wanted you to see the main highlights, but there's a lot of stuff discover. Wow, so I guess what was Your favorite stuff that you saw as you were playing the game. They brought the little golden holes not golden holes in the ground. But where the little sparkly spot in the ground is where if you dig you find the money that's back. I was super excited for that. I didn't see any swimming though that kind of concern me a little bit because I like that a lot New Leaf. Yeah. That's one thing. I noticed with the footage to it was just like we haven't seen swimming at all. And honestly, like if I were to go on an island vacation, that would be the main thing. I'd be there to do exactly. Lee and also in the museum there was no art that I saw okay, so it looks like art is at least missing for now. Who knows if it'll be in later. But yeah, I did like looking through all of the the museum looks incredible. Can you tell us about like how you felt going through it? Oh my goodness. I felt like I was actually in a museum it was so cuz it was a lot more immersive than New Leaf was by far. There is places on the wall. That was kind of like Shadows of characters. Would stand in and give you a better view of the museum and the bug rooms now or absolutely amazing. It feels like you're actually in a Garden exhibit Greenhouse type of ordeal. That is awesome. That's definitely the vibe. It gives me it feels like this is an official Museum. Like what one would actually look like if you were to go and realize exactly and I don't know if you caught the screen shots that were released that you actually have to donate to blathers 15 times in order to get the museum building. So it's just kind of in a tent. The beginning. Yeah, I did see that and that's really exciting too because you know, we always always found it kind of funny and the previous games where you would walk into the museum and it's just like this gigantic building in your town completely empty just like which who was mayor before me because this was like not a great investment exactly. Tour tomorrow is not pulling his weight. Yeah. So yeah. No, it's really cool to see all of that and see how it played out. Can you tell us kind of like what you thought about how they ran the demo and everything like in terms of you know, you kind of told us they gave you free reign of things. Did you think that was like the perfect way to go? Do you think people might have needed a little bit more help or guidance while playing it? Hi. Um, I spent a good bit of time before I actually got my footage to standing the demo area and watching everyone else play which was really exciting to be able to do that and I could tell that a lot of people it was their first time playing animal. Crossing and they were just a bit overwhelmed. They didn't really understand how the game is supposed to be played. And for those people the free rein. I feel like probably wouldn't have been the best because they mostly just like right around and show trees and didn't really know what they were looking for. They didn't know how to use the equipment either so they didn't try to really catch anything our fish. Yeah, so I guess it did they try to like push you into maybe doing some of the crafting or did you get to try out crafting at all? Um, I think you were able to try out crafting. I did not during my demo. However, I was more trying to find any Easter eggs. I could they do kind of push you to open up your Nook phone and show you all of the apps. That is one thing they do try to show to you and they try to show you look miles. Oh, that's cool. So, I guess what did they show you in terms of Nick Miles? Pretty much what we've seen before where you can find enough miles in the phone and that you can unlock certain things as you acquire more Nick Miles so far. They're not giving us to too much information. There was not any new villagers that I saw during my demo and when I asked the lady that was in charge of My Demo, she wasn't really sure either I did get to talk to one guy who he wasn't at a particular demo stations. He's just kind of being sure people didn't wander in there and he was really awesome. He worked in a Nintendo. He actually got to level up Reggie's Animal Crossing new Leaf for him before the game came out. And so he answered a lot of my questions about it. And I was really interesting. Oh, that's really awesome. I guess. It did have a question in regards of like, you know, you got to walk around the demo area and watch other people play so did the demos all generally have kind of the same look and layout to the island. Yes. I think everyone had the exact same. Demo because I had in my footage. I was kind of jumping in between two different demos the entire time and it seemed like everything was laid out the exact same everyone has the little three bears sitting outside next to that one house and it seemed like everyone really has the same thing every tree that has the bees. It's the same Tree in each demo. It seems like hmm and then so they all had kind of the same villagers as well. Yes, as far as I could tell they did. Okay, that's cool. That's good to know because I was wondering too if like are people seeing different villagers. What am I missing here? No, I wish they were I was walking around for a little bit because when I my footage wasn't actually from when I was able to play I played a little bit later that day when the line thinned out I was just able to go in with my content creator badge and going in film. And so I wanted to start a new demo instead of halfway through a demo so I could get the full 20 minutes of footage so during that time I just walked around and I looked it pretty much all of the demos that were out. That's awesome. So, you know a little bit before we started recording this you were telling me about kind of how strict they were when you were recording footage. It's cool to know that you had like a content creator badge so you could go in the area and kind of take a look but can you tell us like kind of some of the restrictions you had? Oh my goodness. It was so difficult to even get in and get footage with the content creator badge. The only thing it really helped me with is I was able to get in the back of the Have the line to take photos and then I was able to walk over to the demo side. So there's one side where you took photo ops in the other side is where the demos were. So my content creator badge. Let me get in the back of the line that no one else could get into because it was full. I had to wait through the whole line and then I was able to walk from the photo side to the demo side, which they wouldn't let other people do which I was really happy about that. All I wanted was the chance to get in at that point. They also wouldn't let you record the screen if it was just the screen and they will let you take pictures of just the screen you had to have like a shoulder or a hand or something in the screen as well. I saw some people it were on the photo side. They tried to like come over and they took some pictures with their phone of the screen and they made them delete the phone and ask them delete the pictures off their phone and ask them to leave. Wow. It's so that you just get kicked out after that. Yeah. I don't think they keep them out swear. Like they couldn't come back but he like that's not okay. You need to delete that that and they was like the exits over there will take you to the exit. Okay? Well, that's that is really strict. I mean that explains a lot of like looking through the footage it seemed like um, and it's like ahead in the way here. Yeah. It was the same at E3. I played Link's Awakening and I was trying to get pictures and they made me delete some of my pictures off and in the demo early because I didn't have my hand in it. Okay. Yeah, that sounds pretty strict. I'm surprised that's the case, but I think it's good for people to know too. So, yeah, and that's confusing to me. Sorry. Sorry that just confused me because the footage is going to be elite released regardless of if there's like a hand in it or not. So I don't understand what difference that really makes. Yeah, it's always been a weird thing with Nintendo especially with like Animal Crossing is out in about three weeks now a little bit less than three weeks. Oh my goodness. I'm so excited. But I mean like, you know, the game's gonna be out like really soon why at this point like, what are you worried about? I know and the murder of hundreds of people playing the game at this point oh so true oh my goodness so what were you going to say oh but ago the merch the Animal Crossing merch is sold out within the first like two or three hours the convention was open yeah I did want to ask you about like the merch in the booth and everything did you were you able to get like any merch at all I didn't get any March while I was there but I went to watch mixer party after packs and I ran into the guy that ran the merch booth and he was like yeah we ran out of all the Animal Crossing stuff but I can send you a care package of like Animal Crossing March since you do like Animal Crossing stuff so I think I'll be getting some soon that's really awesome I can't wait to hopefully you share it for yeah definitely it was some really awesome reg that I think my favorite thing I saw it had the Able Sisters on the shirt It was black and white and there's just some Japanese script on either side of them. It was just very clean. Very cute looking I think that's awesome. I'm excited for you to get that he's so also the booth I've seen pictures of it and looked really decked out. What did you think of actually seeing like all of those Animal Crossing decorations kind of making the world feel alive there? Oh my goodness not gonna lie. I turned out the little bit it was so amazing my favorite thing. I'm not sure if you've seen any footage of it. I put a video up but the water water at the booth. It looked so real it was like a projection or something but along with how they built their display with it. It actually looks like there was like a little river running underneath the bridge and it was so precious. Yeah. I did see that footage and I was just like what how did they do that? But looks amazing. Yeah. I really love how sparkly and shiny it looks it just looks it's got that Animal Crossing clear. Look to it - I know I was I was blown away the trees. Also, I really love the trees and seeing Tom Nook in person. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Did you get to take a picture with him? Oh my goodness. It's hold on. I'll show you my favorite picture. I'm going to turn it into a meme later, but I got to take a picture with Tom Nook and I also got to take a picture with Isabelle. KK Slider was there but he came in right as I was finishing up taking my footage of the demo and I wanted to go upload it as like quickly as I could so I didn't get a picture with him, but I got the sauce see him and he was it was pretty nifty. That is awesome. That's really I was really jealous of people getting to take pictures with our heroes of that's a picture of Tom Nook threatening me with a shovel. Oh that's adorable. I love it. That's so cute. So speaking of kind of like the visuals and how beautiful everything. Look what did you think about like seeing the game in person? Did it just like look better than ever then? Then even it looks like online. Oh my goodness. I could not believe the graphics and like the wind was blowing interacted with the landscape. Just everything all these small details were absolutely incredible. I had a lot of questions if it was 60 FPS I can't say for sure, but I'm pretty sure it is from looking at the game. It runs really. Well. Yeah, that's always great. I always tell people like you'd be surprised at how much you like YouTube compression or even liked which compression just like depletes the All quality of thing exactly. It looked like a Pixar movie. Honestly, like it looks like they re traced Animal Crossing. I'm even more excited to see it. Okay. So beyond that, I guess what did you think of the game when you played it? Like, how did you feel as you played it for the first time? Oh my goodness it I cannot even express how happy I was I almost teared off when they took the controller for me. I was so sad. I just It more I didn't get to talk to the villagers enough, but it's it just made me so excited. It's like that little bit like that. You need to get even more excited than you already were it's yeah, it's so crazy. I wasn't able to do any of the terraforming which made me a little sad because I was excited for that. But you can just tell that no single person is going to have an island anything like another person's how the yeah, that's that's good to hear. So speaking of like the terraforming was that a Sure that they had available while you play it or was it just not an option? I think you will like it later because I couldn't figure out how to get it to work. It didn't look like that app was working for me on the Nook phone when I tried to click on the construction. Hmm. Okay, so it seems like they just kind of limited you to a little bit Yeah. I think that this is like soap too much maybe like a day 30 island not too old of an island, but with enough unlocked for you to get the gist of it. yeah that makes sense that's really awesome because it has been interesting to see like the footage that we have gotten so far I like at least up until now it was very focused on probably the first two three days you know yeah yeah so it was cool to see a town that was a little bit more far in terms of like how much it was filled up I couldn't believe how much was outside like all of the decorations we have now some of them kind of confused me as to like having like a bear stammers stuffed animal outside like that that might scare some of our villagers away yeah stitches I feel for the guy he doesn't want to see his stuffed bear friends there so I guess one thing that was really hard to pick up on in the videos was definitely like the music that was playing were you able to make out some of the music during the demo I could kind of hear the music but it was so loud in there as you can probably tell it was very very difficult I can tell that it's brand new music nothing was reused by could not get the gist of what it actually was yeah yeah that's what I figured because it just seemed like I hear a lot of crowds a lot of like people talking about the demo and everything everybody is clearly trying to talk louder to compensate for how loud everybody else is and the Nintendo Booth was right next to the fuse DJ booth I'm not sure if you've seen any pictures of that but it's like this huge DJ booths promote this pretty much like a Guitar Hero S game with bongos so this is like smoke and a DJ and it's just so so loud so it really drowned out a lot awesome well that I mean that's going to do it for sure yeah I don't know if you saw the vanity though in my clip I thought that was a really awesome feature oh no I do remember seeing like a little bit of a clip on it from the official Animal Crossing Twitter but Just let me know how you felt about that. I thought it was really awesome that you could change your appearance without having to you know, take a pop quiz get what you look like. And it's a lot more options for how you look previously with Animal Crossing games. They do have like I think they have a good bit of variety for choices of like skin tone and hair color and everything like that, but they really took it the extra step. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing. I'm really excited about for sure. Just so that everybody can truly make their character be like them, you know, yeah to really throw you into the world and immerse you into that life. Yeah. I mean my boyfriend's Kurdish and like most people don't even know what card is people are so he doesn't get much representation anywhere but he was playing the demo and he was like, oh my gosh, that guy looks just like me look even he got really excited about it. And he's like a fortnight person so they did a really good job. Yeah. That's awesome. I'm really glad that that the reaction that people can have to this game as they play because it's not one that you can have very easily and older Animal Crossing game yeah so I guess what were your favorite parts of New Horizons when playing it I know you mentioned the kind of gold spots were back but we're some other kind of little highlights for you the gold spots have any super excited I really like the Able Sisters store they have so many options and a little changing room which I think is super precious as well as the museum is so much more than I could have ever asked for like I could not believe what they did to the museum that's awesome I'm really I've been just looking at pictures of the Able Sisters shop and I'm so impressed with how good it looks it really does oh and my new favorite feature probably is I was speaking to the guy that worked at Nintendo and I had a question about the last because in the direct we saw that the character just kind of walked up to Celeste outside and he said Special characters like Tom Nook Isabel's the last blathers any of the characters like have a job when they're not working. You can catch them walking around your village and doing stuff. That's really cool. Which reminds me you kind of mention like talking to villagers and stuff. I do remember seeing Harvey in walking around the island and everything. Did you get a chance to talk to him at all? I don't think anyone in them. All I've was with talk to him. Like I said when you do the demo you're playing with someone else so you were only the leader flake a brief portion and if you're not the leader, you don't really get to dictate where you go. We saw Harvey in the demo that I recorded but not in the one that I played. Okay, that's too bad. So how but I know you mentioned that you did get to talk to other villagers and everything. How are the conversations you had with them really good. Actually, it seems like they have I don't even know how to word it in New Leaf. It seemed like they just had like a list of things to say in response. Is depending on what they're like character type is I guess but these seem to be very unique phrases that actually like pertain to that character itself instead of like the personality type. I find the worst way to explain it possible. No, I get it completely because I know a lot of people can relate to feeling like, oh New Leaf, it was a great game. But you know, you just kept talking to the villagers and they'd start to feel stale you cycle through the same dialogue. Ugh and so it's really nice to hear that. They've like refreshed what the characters are saying. Yeah. Yeah, well, I think that's about everything that I had for you. Awesome. You did mention. I guess I'll have to ask this you got to talk to some of the Nintendo reps and everything there and you did mention that they called out some of the villagers that you'll well at least special characters that you'll be able to see around the town. Was there anything else? I was pretty interesting that they told you most of the interesting things. You told me was more about. His adventures a Nintendo a pulley and like hanging out with Reggie and playing his Animal Crossing game for him. So it gets enough bells and meeting Doug Bowser for the first time. He did say that with New Horizons that we haven't seen even like the tip of the iceberg for what there is with the game which makes me really happy because I don't want them to give away too much so that we can find it on our own. Oh my goodness. That makes me really happy too because I had a feeling like we saw a lot during the direct we've seen this past demo at Pax but even then I'm just like I have a feeling this game is a lot bigger than we think it it definitely is and I asked him about we I think is maybe like six new Villages we've seen and I asked him if there's going to be any more and of course he can't be like oh actually there's going to be this many but when I asked them was like oh is there more than that he just laughed like that was a ridiculous question which makes me really happy that is really exciting I know a lot of people have been desperately Lee wanting to see more of the new villagers so that's good to hear that it's just laughable to even ask if we were doing once again is really great to have you here talk to you a little bit about the game I know I really appreciate when big Animal Crossing fans get to go and experience the game and then tell us about it so I really hope people enjoy what you've had to say today aw thank you so much it was really nice talking to you and being able to like tell someone about all that yeah once again working everybody find you oh it's Great Fairy carry on YouTube and pretty much everywhere else well I hope you all enjoyed that interview with Great Fairy carry Sergio I guess you're going to have to hear it a little bit later yeah I'm looking forward to it yeah so you know we're just hopping back in here to go into Higgins Islander corner and before that you know just be sure to go check out great very carries Channel she posted her own footage from PAX East got a really a really cool look at the game and everything so yeah it's really worth seeing her stuff but yeah let's go ahead and go into Hagen's island or Corner Sergio for those of you who don't know Higgins island or corner is our part of the show where we ask our patrons a question on patreon and then read some of their answers here this week's question was how do you think your how do you think you're going to implement items placed outside are outdoorsy items the only one Up long Outdoors, or will you be rocking a couch and a bidet in your front yard? And of course Sergio you and I have already answered this. Yeah, but let's go ahead and go back and forth. I guess. I'll start this time around. Okay, so cem said I think an outdoor movie theater would be really cozy. That being said, I think I'd be really funny if chatter lived on a mini island with just his but hugging bday. So so this is a little reference if you not gotten to look through the Animal Crossing New Horizons website yet. There is there are a lot of really cute videos there and one of them has some really funny commentary from chatter and his bday. Yes, but outside of that like an outdoor movie theater would be wonderful. I would love to have that in my town. Gasps definitely. It's just really cool that we have Limitless options. Basically we can do whatever we want. That's awesome. Yeah, all of the things are available to us. Yes. Nice. So Rebecca Thompson said it depends. I'm going for a National Park theme. So most likely things that are appropriate for the outdoors only but I could see myself making an Amphitheater or a small informal area with items not explicitly meant for the outdoors. Nice in again, you know, we have the option. Like I said if you're going for a certain theme, but you can change up at least a little area of your Island wherever you think it's best. It's just really cool that the game gives us the option. Yeah, and that's honestly the important part just so we can do whatever we want to do. Yeah, because everybody's got a cool thing and also like National Park theme that sounds fun. Yes. It sounds very foresti. Very Animal Crossing for sure. Oh, yeah. I'm so Israel. Sanchez said in the early game. I might be putting my really big furniture outside a big old sofa just doesn't look that great inside of yellow tent as soon as I can upgrade to a house. All the indoorsy is all the indoors you stuff is coming inside. So yeah, that's a pretty funny point because yeah like some items. Maybe they just don't feel it right in a tent for you. So maybe you're going to put them somewhere else for now. King of that like I'm realizing I'm also for sure going to be putting in like kind of displaying all of the fish and bugs that I have outside until I unlock that Museum and can donate them fully. Oh nice. Yeah, so that'll be something to look out for. Yeah. Hopefully they just don't like flyer away, especially the ass. That's true. I worry about that. Nice. So Michael Perkins says, I think I would probably die. Vide my space into regions of housing areas and then more natural areas like a seating area away from everywhere else, although the idea of making a special themed areas for the various holidays and decorated it to match definitely appeals to me too. That is so true. Like when we wanna decorate things for that different holidays that are in the game or the special events. That's cool, like depending on how much we go out, you know for each event or holiday. We can really spend a lot of I'm with that. It's gonna be awesome. Yeah, that's true. The holiday just decorating gets me so excited in general. I'm so ready to just go all out with decking out my town for whatever holiday it is. Nice. Cool. So Jessica De Luca said I plan on making a cute Outdoor Cafe in my town with tons of potted plants couches plushies and maybe some bookshelves. So my villagers can read while they sit there coffee. I think if indoor furniture ties in well with the theme of your town and it's used the right way. It definitely won't look weird being placed outside at all. And yeah, I mean, I feel like everybody's kind of like in that space where like you can just create whatever atmosphere you want to create, you know, and I'm not sure if we have seen if we can place mats or rocks outside, but at the same time we can just Place paths and make him look like rocks. Yeah, that's true that would work out perfectly. And you know, we kind of got like a little bit of clip like that where somebody was creating ass and kind of what's the word. I'm looking for a sand pit. Whoa sandbox. That's right one why I couldn't think of it. So yeah, somebody made like a little sandbox out of the paving materials that they had and then put kind of jungle gym furniture on there. Yes, so seems like there's a lot of freedom to just like make whatever path you want to make and then from there put whatever items on that path that you feel will fit it yeah definitely oh it's gonna be so awesome I cannot wait yeah so then it says oh this is a difficult one I tend to prefer items in places where they seem to belong but if I want to go for a certain theme I wouldn't be surprised if I end up with items outside that initially seemed out of place Ace that's true I like theme in is very important so you know if you have to put something Outdoors that goes with the theme but doesn't go afterwards really I think that's fine I mean it's flexibility yeah for sure I mean if you just find something that works put it out there yeah yeah okay so which one did you just read Dennis correct yes okay so Zoe join said I'm definitely going to have a lounge room set up outside catch me watching TV in the rain There you go. Just put all your electronics outside. Yeah, turn out well, it won't be a problem at all. Nice in our last answer for this week is by tap and she says I will be putting furniture outside probably not bathroom fixtures, but I definitely need an outer table and chairs Grail potted plants for my patio Etc. Also people are so creative. I'm sure I will be inspired by seeing seen others use Furniture outdoors in unexpected ways that that's a very good point and it's going to be very encouraging to want to visit as many different Islands as we can together ideas to see what we like is going to be so cool. Yeah. And one thing I'm really hoping for is the return of some sort of like dream sweet feature where we can kind of go and visit towns freely, you know, because like just getting the ideas for things is going one of the most exciting parts of visiting other towns and seeing kind of the creativity that people display when they're looking around their Town yeah definitely to me that sounds like it would be an update down the line I hope that's the case I really want the dream sweet or something similar to be part of New Horizons for sure yeah I know I want it to be yes yeah well everybody I hope you enjoyed this show Sergio do you have anything else to say about any of the other topics that we've covered today not it specifically but in general you know it's just very exciting to be getting so close like I said it almost doesn't feel like it's happening but we know it is so it's really cool and haken has been a hype train through it through like just playing games with a community and just chatting about every little aspect it's been awesome so we're getting there we're very close everyone yeah we're right there this is 3 of this is one of Three episodes that are coming out before this game is a coolant. We are like next week. We're going to be entering the last 10 days of our weight, which is it's a huge deal. It's insane that we're going to be starting that I think next episode that's going to be 10 days away from the game. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. I'm counting it out right hitting right now. One, two, three, four, five six, seven eight nine ten days away from this game. Game night. Oh my goodness. We are close. It's insane. Yeah, I'm just happy that we can do this show and make it go even faster. Yes. Yeah. Well everybody thank you so much for tuning in to this episode of hakken and Animal Crossing podcast don't want the episode to end. Well, you can keep the conversation going by Nintendo switching over to our Discord just follow the link in the description and you can talk to other people who love Animal Crossing as much as you do including sir. You and Me One support the show in a bigger way and get your voice heard during the show visit patreon.com chewy plays Nintendo you can support our show with just one dollar have an episode dedicated to you get special access to a secret room on Discord join in on The haken Islander corner and even read a monthly newsletter covering all things haken and chewy plays we really appreciate the support and put your money towards some great things on the show tuned in on YouTube the comments are great place to let us know your answers ooh the Hague and Islander Corner how are you going to implement items placed outside if you dig what you hear please take a slide over to that review section on your platform of choice let people know what they're missing out on haken is wild production brought to you by chewy Sergio and all of our patrons we thank you for listening and we hope you have a great week goodbye everybody