Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership Journey. So we've done an intro already so jumping straight in tell us about yourself. Who is Jackie. So I guess firstly thanks Matt for having me firstly. I'm the mother of two beautiful amazing boys. So I think when we talk about what is it that we do each day. They are what gets me up every day being amazing. So Bruce 7 and 11. So keeping me nice and busy and I guess second to that. I am the chief operating officer. So I Davison group so looking after the for recruitment divisions and the to Consulting arms busy life. So talk us through your journey today Jack. Obviously I've worked for you before so I've got a little insight but share for the people listening. Yeah, we'll do it. So I guess my journey is probably a little bit different to some other people's but my journey started when I was about 17 at McDonald's my sister works there as a shift worker and said, why don't you come and start with us work out on the checkouts or do the fries? Or dining room ended up doing the training and six months later. They asked me to take on a shift managers role and I guess it's 17 being responsible for opening and closing a store not even having a driver's license. So my mom having to drop me off at five o'clock in the morning part of that role was around leading people training them developing them making sure that we didn't forget orders. We don't get screaming customers at us and handling customer complaints. So my journey is probably there where I found my lovely Ship which is where I've taken into where my career is today, but I guess from a recruitment perspective, which is where I am. Now my career started at Ambit which is now called people Bank was my first-ever recruitment leadership role where I worked in the non it division Brendan Cavanaugh decided to make a decision to hire me even though I wasn't from the IT background was from Banking and finance and run a team of five there. And that's where I guess I like my recruitment experience and from there went to channel the McCloud. Loud, which is where I meet yourself where we had a working relationship and probably spent seven years at Chandler MacLeod in different leadership roles after we were purchased by recruit Holdings, I guess the business on where they were going and what they were doing wasn't really the along the plans of where I wanted to go and decided it was time to take a career break. So I took some time off out of Recruitment and did some Consulting work for a couple of months before starting an MD role at an oil and gas engineering company, which I did for three and a bit years before joining. The Davis and group so started at Davison as within the it division looking after Victoria and then moving into a national operations role. And then in the last three months took on the group CEO role, which is probably where most of my career most of my experience has wanted to get me to where I am today. So right now very new very fresh roll very busy, but also learning every day so which is great fantastic so I mean obviously a great journey Me already but talk this through I guess some of the biggest challenges you've had as you progress through those different. Yeah, so I think the first thing before where I am today was my age. So my age was always something that came into play when people found out what I had actually done and then when putting them in putting me in front of them, they would start to think hang on, you know, sounds like she's got lots of experience. But when in actual fact I was probably in my mid-20s and in a general manager's role, so I think for me that became the biggest challenge because you think about You know, you've got all this work experience. You also think as a 20 year old, you've got so much life experience and now being in my early 40s, I realized that I was so naive when it came to life and you're learning correct. So I think for me that age, where was the biggest gap for me at that stage, but as you know, as you learn and you grow it was all about, how do you let how do you have errors? How do you have mistakes? How do you learn from those fantastic? So on the flipside thinking about accomplishments that what are you most proud of sorry most proud of as anyone would say right now is my family. Yeah for me family was never on the cards. It was never something that I set out to do. It was either if it happened to happened. If it didn't it didn't now that I have, you know, two sons. I don't I can't see my life being any different without them. So personally, I grow that's probably my greatest challenge because it was never on my list. Korea was always on my list and I was willing to sacrifice that to get to where I am. We're not think about my family I think about my roles to date. Sorry from McDonald's training. They put me through leadership, which is called Hamburger University and it sounds funny but it is internationally recognised training course, but then right through to my current role. I think all of my every role that I've had has got me ready for this position now and I wouldn't be in this role if I hadn't have made errors if I hadn't have had those challenges that have made me grow working with amazing staff seeing them. Prosper and flourish into themselves and supporting them do that. But then also having those conversations with people that maybe this is not the right role for them moving forward. I think all of those experiences that I've had have allowed me to be where I am today all those moments along the way. Yes, definitely and being in a people business. We have lots of moments so true and I think we've shared a lot of them. We have definitely definitely My flying career looking at kind of habits rituals routine and talk us through what a day in the life looks like for you. So for me, I guess I'm very very organized. So I have to be organized be able to achieve what I do. So for me, I typically walk into work walking into work allows me to remove so before I leave work I get up I make sure the kids lunches are organized. Their bags are all pulled out sports uniforms or normal uniform. What paperwork do they need? What books and Pop That The front door and then my husband takes our children to school every day because he's got your mind his own business. So that allows me the flexibility to leave early in the morning. I prefer to get in and get the day started before the staff arrived. So my day to usually is walk to work think about what I need to do. What what's on the priority list clear the head from the morning if the boys are up then it's a bit hectic if they're not then it's smooth sailing walk to work work out what those priorities are and spend I guess the first half an hour 45 minutes either. Lying to emails working out. What do I need to achieve for the day? And then I also make sure throughout the day are spent some time reflecting on what is it that I need to concentrate on one of the things I've noticed in my current new role is that that mental peace that you need to think about? Enjoy. Jess doesn't come from doing the exercise you need time to just sit quiet and reflect on how are you going to respond to a certain query? How are you going to add to the value to the team because now the team around you aren't looking for you. To run their business for you. They're looking for you to help them with their own issues around growing their business or if they've got people concerns. So you need to be mindful about how what sort of value you give them in those situations. So my days are pretty much planned out that way lots of it's about sick having six divisions reporting into there's always probably two or three days that are held up in each of those divisions. So ensuring that you are getting to those timelines you are getting to that delivery. So most of my days is about interviewing people having catch ups with staff or being in game tape. So Game Changer reviews are the old we rename them from traditional one-on-one. Tell us about your business. What where how can I help and then we do a coaching exercise around that so that's something new that Davis and groups implemented and it's working really really well, but we're all still finding our feet as to instead of just having a white room conversation. How do we get the best out of each other to ensure that we're moving forward and in those goals I finished the day most time. I am laid between five and six depending on on what the data looks like and I literally either walk home if I'm on time. If not, I walk in the door and my first job is to see the boys and then cook dinner. So it wouldn't be a normal Monday to Thursday night where I'm standing in a suit or a dress with no shoes on cooking. My son's dinner. I do have a rule that by the time I walk in around dinner time until bath time or bedtime that I don't check any emails. I give my attention to them. So getting a home work out of the way. Making sure that they can ask whatever they need to ask or tell me about the day most times. They just don't want to talk. Anyway, they just want to either read their books or jump back on their iPads. And then I'll you know catch up with whatever is outstanding after they've gone to bed. And then the next day really is intense intense. So looking at sacrifices that like do you feel like you've had to sacrifice to get where you are today? Can you can you talk us through it? I guess the theme of sacrifice more it means to you. That's all I think for me the sacrifices that At my head when I was younger was about I didn't might not have I might have gone home at 1:00 a.m. Instead of 3 a.m. Because I had a meeting that I needed to prepare for you would decide not to go to the gym because you wanted to be an early because you wanted to make that next placement. So I think from a before having family those sacrifices were all individual sacrifices and their about me so I was about what Jackie wanted. Okay. Well, you're not going to get that if I stayed out till 2:00 or 3:00 o'clock and went to work with a hangover. That was my Twice so I think when you think about those sacrifices, I look back now and I think that they didn't stop me from doing what I wanted to do because I knew that I had to be at work. So I always juggled things quite well and I knew where I wanted to succeed and I knew that I couldn't do that without hard work without putting in the hours and not ours as in you need to be at work 14 hours a day, but I knew that when I was there I had to contribute and I had to give it a hundred percent. So I meant that other things so like a lunch break for example wouldn't happen. So they were Yeah, some of the sacrifices I guess now the sacrifices are what parts do I miss around family time. So when their school presentations or there's assemblies and picking which ones do you go to which ones don't you go to and in the beginning you try and be at everything but that's just not sustainable. But then it's about what do the boys want. So when two boys want to see mum there, you know, they Now understand that, you know, why is mom not dropping me off or picking me up because dad works two blocks from the school so it doesn't make sense. Yeah for mum to come in. So but when you think about that sacrifice to them that's different and if it's also brings in the role of the female for them because they have you know, 80% correct 80% of the kids parents that pick them up and drop them off at my mother's so when people say oh, where's your mum Jordy or where's your mum Liam? They're like, oh she's Dad's here. So when you think about what we do on those sacrifices, I don't believe that it's a sacrifice in its means any difference to them but sometimes so Society allows them to think we'll hang on. Maybe my mom should be here. Yeah, so you've got to be mindful of others out there. So I say I've sacrificed a few things but I don't think that my children would think anything different but I'm a mother and I've got mother guilt and that's probably one of them not being able to be at everything and they still young but I mean have you spoken to them about that that kind of mindset around dad's picking you up or is it they're not at that stage yet to kind of comprehend that kind of been a thing in society. Yeah, so I guess guess my youngest doesn't quite get it. He's just he's just turned 7 and here's a little bit immature. It comes to that social mental development, but my older son Liam gets it like he's always understood that I've had work. I've had a career and this is what Mommy does and he respects that but Jordan gets to a point where he says well, why can't you be there? I don't want you can work on your phone. Can't you just call them while you're getting me and I think that's a different reflection on both parts one. Is that Jordan? Is that we can wear contact able at any time so he's like why can't you just call them from the phone? Why do you need to be in the office? So that's his understanding where Lambs is the opposite where he knows that you know mummys got a job. Mommy's got a career and and that she's needed to be in the office Liam just thinks I got to work. Neither of my sons would think that I was in our day and age was in the role that I was in they think I just grabbing work. So it'll be interesting to see what their thought process is around my career when they get older they're either going to say we get it or they just going to say we don't get it mom. So looking at lessons then either professionally or personally one of the biggest lessons you've learned. I think a lot when I think if we go back to people we're in the people business so being in recruitment, we're selling the most unreliable product which people and people's went to people's emotions or people's feelings get and we're putting people in jobs. So they're either need that job for their lifestyle or they need it for the next step in their career. But also we've got staff that we need to look after who are heavily reliant on placing a person or or changing someone's lives is what We call it a Davison for me. I think the lesson is in the earlier years. I would always beat myself up about things that have gone wrong. So if an employee was unhappy with you and you know, Everyone likes to be liked and I think when there's times when you've had to have those Brave conversations, no one likes having those Brave conversations and no one likes confrontation in a leadership role, but I had to learn how to have those conversations and you have them you get better at them and there's times where I've had. Them and I have now I would say that this is an awkward conversation. I'm really sorry. We're in the past are probably just sweep it under and Gaius is a horrible conversation. It shouldn't have gone this way and off you go. So for me the biggest challenge and what have I learned is around just being honest telling people that if it that what is actually going on where maybe in the younger years you might have sugar-coated it a little bit or or being on or being too honest where that's been to the detriment of how the person's feeling. So for me, it's always as being learning how to get the best out of your people. So if I think back to the way I was when I was 25 32, I think about the last five six years what have I done the most I've learned to work out what people had about how people talk to be heard. So, you know what fulfill a it fires me up might not fire you up, but then how do I relate to that to get the best out of the staff? And that's all spent a lot of time researching it and it all comes down to testing it comes down to, you know coaching habits it comes down. To any of those I guess Avenues from a coaching framework that you can use to get the best out of your staff and that to me now is the best one the probably the most important thing that I've learned because operations happen when I had a follow-up process as we know how to build that we know what it's about sales go and get more the formulas work, but when it comes to you people if you don't know why they're there and if you don't know what motivates them then you're never going to be able to let them grow on your business and that they're either going to be really successful. They're going to be really unhappy. And so that's my biggest lesson today. So what I'm working on and do every day is how do I get the best out of my staff without pissing them off but motivating them for their why and why they're with us. Yeah so much out of these those two with generational change Millennials. It's a new ball game it is it is and it's about them. It's not about us and we know we've only got really a couple of months to influence them because in 12 or 18 months time, they want the next thing so for me. It's about how is it business? So I guess in my new role, how can I make sure that we can retain our staff and move them throughout our disciplines to keep them a little bit longer so they might just stay in there resourcing role for 12 or 18 months. But at 8 Months 8 months 10 about will hang on what plan do we put in place for the next 3 to 12 and I've been was doing that in the technology business for the last 12 months and we're starting to see that come through now so it is it is something from a leadership perspective. We're trying to do because one it's hard to find the liquid staff to we don't we want to retrain retain them. And then three we just don't want someone else's bad bad habits. Yeah, you know because sometimes that does happen and it can mix up a whole team and we've all seen it can destroy a culture straight away by bringing in someone who's not aligned to what the company wants to achieve as well to looking inspiration. Who's your biggest inspiration? I think I've had many over the years. I always and I say this you're sitting in front. Me and hurt me to blow smoke. But if I look at how you run your business and what you've achieved, you know, every time we talked you always bring everything back into reality. So I love that when we've got issues and we need to bounce them off that we can always do that in an office environment without offending anyone. So, I love that fact, I think if I look back throughout my career, I've had many many many leaders that I've learnt from why neither went positively or learnt negative but most of them being around, you know, who do you want to be as a leader? Who do you want to follow? Whoa, but when we talk about do I have like a person that comes up in lights flashy know I've always been really open to not staying that way about have I don't know what we call like. I don't have a mentor. I don't have you know, like a superhero that I put up on the board and I want to be that person but I do read a lot of different, you know, you talk about you but I'd been a Browns you talk about your Simon sinek all those guys and they've got amazing things that they bring to the table. But what I like to do is bring it all together and make it into Jack. World and what what relates what relates to me because I don't want to race site other people's ackerman's and their one-liners, but does it relate to me? So is it worth this Affinity or but correct? Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, so I'm going to ask you that now that we've got onto books and authors. Yeah. Is there a book you've read recently that has really kind of move you or kind of changed your mindset. So from a Korea from Chris I'd know but recently. I did read a book which is a book about a family that was growing up in the Polish concentration camps when the germs and Germans and Jews went to war and my father is first generation Australian from Poland and his grandmother or his mother went through this book. So for me, I always had my grandmother's eyes will how she felt about life and she didn't speak much English. She was a very Angry lady she swore lot. So she knew Australian swirling language, but she was very particular about what she does. So when I think about that particular book, I think it's in their shoes is the name of the book, but I walked away from that and it gave me an idea of who she was as a person. So as a child, I grew up thinking I had a really angry babka. She was always angry. She was always swearing but when I think about the experiences that they went through through the wars and how they grew up and they had no food and then they just rocked up. Up on Australian soil and said here's your new home now fit into it. It gave me an appreciation of understanding that people you don't know people stories. So never to you know, it's hard not to judge a book by it's cover by its come by it's cover but we do do that. So I guess for me when I talk about reading I've always read but I stopped reading in the last four years, but I've picked it back up in the last six months. So there's books that I'm reading but like every now and again, I like some of the crime one. That you are in detailed and I can never work out who the murderer is. But I think when you look back on that book that was really inspirational because it allowed me to have a different understanding of my family background from a work perspective. We've recently just finished reading the coaching habit, which is a different way of what else what else what else keep asking our staff to tell us what's on their mind. So the concept is quite simple, it's Matt what's on your mind and then you talk about it and it's what else what else what else and you know, it's not as simple as that but to get you started. All right for now. Yes, Michael, there you go. And he did like a live coaching session was brilliant but grateful it is but I'm trying to adapt a little bit more of that into my leadership style to get my staff talking more about what they need fantastic. So if you are starting your career over again, what would you do differently? All right, I would probably be a little bit more forceful. Gonna love it. I don't think when you say fools for because there was Tahoes in my career where people would say I wasn't ready for roles where I probably would have been a little bit timid and said, okay if that's what you think and I know I can be forceful and I can be direct and I can be honest, but when it comes to actually me, you're asking for something for me. I'd get a little bit my self-confidence probably disappears. So if I think if I could do something differently, what would I change? Change I probably would have been a little bit more forceful in a little bit more direct and demanded things. So if we talk about, you know females in gender and diversity and inclusion, you know being ready for the role. What why has been coming back from Matt leave after my first child. Why was that an issue? Why was I not ready? It wasn't, you know, my my life wasn't changing. My husband was was a chose to be the primary caregiver from 6 to 12 months with our second child. So I had the ability to make sure that my career didn't stall. Others made that assumption that it needed to be but no one actually ever asked me whether it did pay like, you know, I know that we talked about equal pay and it's equal for that. We're this thing but pays not on that list, but you never asked what was it? What was Matt getting paid against what Jackie was getting paid? And the only time you'd ever asked that is if you were promoted and put in a role and saw someone salaries outside of that you would think that we were all equals and I know that in today's world that that's not that's not the case whether you Male or female like I wouldn't know what people got paid and our levels wife. I wouldn't know you got paid you would know what I got paid. We sort of think that we'd have an understanding of what it was. But did I ever ask for that worth? Probably not. I think if I had pushed it a little bit more around what I knew what my son when I did know about my counterparts if I could do that again, I think that's what I would change but mine where I've been and what I've done I wouldn't change that at all. So would your advice then? Younger self bait just that when they do something different from an advice point of view. So obviously you talk about being more forceful and having a bit more confidence. What advice would you give you an so well, I will probably be self confidence. So as a female walking into a room, so I think if you look back on my background, I had three four years in banking and finance and I was in third parties mortgages debenture stocks and it was very much a male-dominated industry. So being 25:26 walking into a room. I'm in a suit and talking to men that were in their 40s and 50s that not having that confidence knowing what I was talking about. But one get past the fact that I'm in front of them and I'm a female is the first thing and I'm in banking and then true getting past the blondes that can actually speak. I would tell my 20 year old self to be more self-confident have faith in yourself. You can do it because I always had a little birdie that sat in the back of my mind. That's a dude. You cannot going to be able to do this? Yeah, and then I do it so I would tell myself to have more faith and more confidence and that you can do it. Yeah. Yeah fantastic. So looking at the the 2020 campaign for international women's day each vehicle. Yes. What does that mean for you? And I guess you know, what does that mean? Well say for you and I guess for Davidson and yeah just talk us through your view. Yeah, so I think it's about everyone having their part of it says about having our own opinion and trust you. How you feeling in part of that? So for me I think unconscious bias is something that we need to really look at I look I think when you think of gender we think of diversity and inclusion in general, it's not just female. It's not just going to race or flexibility. I think there's a whole, you know, we are so they've come so far, but we're still got so much so far to go if that makes sense. So for me one of the areas that we're trying to work on one ourselves, but also to Davis and group is the unconscious bias. And how do we move past that right? So having being an employee recruitment agency. We've got resumes coming in constantly through the doors, you know, we have names that pop up constantly about whether or not they're right for the role and whether or not we like it or not people have a particular, you know frame that they want that person to be so that staff member that they want to hire. They've got their own thought process and I think for us the biggest issue has been around names and what those those names are whatsoever. They're female. They're male of a Australian other International. What do they look like? So how do we remove that from the process even within our own business? So with in Davis and we've got a particular type and I think there's some agencies or companies in general not just agencies but companies that have a particular mold that we end up in. So how do we Embrace that diversity but diversity of thought diversity of change not diversity as in gender race, how do we get different people coming into our business to help? Accelerate so using that hung cultures by a some of the I guess for us at Davis and around our staff retention. So a recruitment can be quite a high turnover industry and we want to try and stop that because of the money in the investment that we put into bringing people in whether they're new to recruitment or whether they have worked for another agency and bringing them in but we've basically done some analysis on anyone that's been brought in over the last two years. They're sort of testing that they've done also to their we will use the scarf model. Well, I don't know if you've heard of the scarf model but we use TMs and scarf and it talks about people's triggers from a negative and a positive. So what we've done is come up with some benchmarks around what a successful person and I say person because it's not a recruiter could be anyone. So what does it successful employee Davis and look like and what are some of those benchmarks that we use? So we might phone screen a person or their applied for a role where phone screen them with tick the boxes from a professional yet. You can do the job within get them to do their testing and make sure that they're testing He fits in with us and one of the areas that we find is key for us is resilience. So I recruitments very much a known industry so we get know every day, right? Sure do no. No. No. No, no thang bang bang bang bang. No, no. No, so we get it from our clients and we get it from our candidates. So when they're constantly saying no, no, no, no. No, you've got to be able to bounce back from that. So what we found is resilience is key for us. So if people do have a low resilience threshold, we know they're not going to survive in our environment so as much as we want them to be part of Of our world. They've got the right background in the right career the right skill set that but that that to us is an issue because we are ever-changing so our businesses. Our model is changing like everybody we've all got to align two economies. We've all got online to the changing Technologies and keep moving and and unfortunately some candidates just don't like to have that. I guess the change element knowing more. I'm doing this today, but in true weeks time, I might not so we use a resilience piece to to make sure they're going to be successful. And then there's other factors that we take into consideration. But the point of it is to be able to get people like for like seeing and people in front of us that we that can be heard also to know that that if we put them in a particular role how they're going to be successful against not being successful. So that's for us is key right now. And that's one of the areas that we're working on on the unconscious bias to ensure that all candidates or all employees that are applying for us directly or Ali get an opportunity or the first of the best opportunity for them. Yeah. That's that's fantastic. So it looking over your career then do you think gender equality is affected any part of your journey today? I would say in the in the beginning. No, I think I've been lucky because I've worked in a heavy dominant male dominated industry will one being recruitment into being Banking and Financial Services where most of my leaders have been males. I've had some fantastic female leaders as well along the way which have been fantastic and inspirational and what they do, but I think about most of my My learnings had I've had male direct reports if we want to call them that for me the biggest issue I found is that gender became an issue when I became a mom. Yeah, and I know people go. Wow, that's really weird. When you say that I was going to say why I never felt that being a female was ever considered. Yeah. I never thought unless it was happening in a closed room and they'll have an RNA because she's a female that maybe that did happen and it was never sent to me. I didn't know that but I did find that one side. I was a mother it became a question all of a sudden. It's like a weird space. Sometimes the people's heads. It wasn't what you can or cannot do. Yeah, and we don't even got told that by another female leader. It's not your time yet. Wow, and I was like, wow. Okay, what does that mean? Well, you've got two young children. It's not your time yet. And I think when you look back on those types of those types of comments, I don't believe it was it was given in the intention that it was received that for me. It was about well, I'm either not Reached all this has this has become an issue. Yeah, right. Sorry. So for me, there was two options. It was keep doing what you're doing and continue to strive and try and get wait for the next opportunity to come up or you make the decision yourself and I made that decision myself and exited that business. But because I thought well, I think that am I always going to be the times not right because I'm always going to have for me and it might sound a bit cliche, but I don't believe that being a female. Email has stopped me from my career, but that I know of but I have noticed it more. So since being a mum, yeah, well, so how do you think we can I guess change those kind of views the world or and I've said this when I spoke well about what only one going to change or anything in this conversation today. But how do you think we move towards a more gender equal World more diverse world where they're more inclusiveness. What do you think of the big ticket items that need to be addressed? I think it needs to come from home. Is the first instance and and I don't know what it is but pink and blue right quite funny as quite simple pink is for girls and blue is for boys, right why but that's that's how people see it. If I think about if I go back to the first couple of questions that we had around mum picking you up from school, right? Sorry. It's at home. It's at the schools. It is their people and we're not going to change everyone's views, but if we were just To think about it's okay that somebody different picks you up. And then how did the children know that because they're innocent? How do they know that? That's not what should be happening. So for me, it's more about just being aware and it doesn't need to be about male-female being aware about the diversity piece being aware of the inclusion. And just I think the awareness the more and more we can become aware the more and more our behaviors will change. Good. So final question, if you are conducting this interview, what question would you ask yourself then of course, I'm going to ask you to yeah. I know. I'm sorry, I guess and I did I did write myself some notes on that one because yeah, so am I doing am I doing enough in my role to influence whether that be diversity and inclusion it's a big question to ask is it is am I doing enough? So, you know when I think about my career to date and how Oh, I've got there. I've just done it and I think now when people start like yourself say hey come in with chances of questions would love to interview you. I've never thought about being that type of speaker or that type of person and I and as I said, I'll do anything for you Maddie. So here I am now doing this for you. So but part of that was am I doing enough? Yeah. Yeah, you know as a female leader in it senior role. I see myself still as Jackie people go but you're in that type of role and more. Okay. Well, obviously, People say this as a senior like it's important for the way. Yes, you're comfortable with that or not. Yeah, and for me, it would be well what else could I do? Yeah, and that's probably the questions that I would ask now is in this role and also being in the recruitment industry. It's not like I'm working for a corporate. I am part of you know, that employment process and if there is anything else that I can do or do more of of than that's probably the question I would ask myself. Yeah strong way to end. Yes. Yes. Thank you so much. I really appreciate you popping in to have a discussion. Thank you for inviting me was great to spend some time with you. Thanks for listening to our leadership series for 2024 International women's day. I hope you enjoyed the discussion we had with these amazing leaders, but from here what I hope you really do is sit down reflect and think about how you could drive change both individually and in your workplace across gender equality and inclusiveness. Thanks again for listening.