Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday and I am so glad you're tuning into the show today as I always am. I am Greg Audino and I am so hashtag blessed to be here every weekday to narrate some of the web´s best relationship blogs to you all but be on the Block, Hugs for inspirational quotes listener profiles and more you can even sign up for our mailing list called optimal living weekly at old podcast.com. That is old podcast.com go on over there and sign up for our newsletter. It's lots of fun each week for you today. I will be narrating a post from Keith Wilson that discusses what to do when feelings of guilt and shame get you down. So let's hear what key fast to say and get right into optimizing your life. Guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson counseling.com as soon as you see how you are responsible for trouble. You're met by two emotions who offer to be your guide guilt and shame which one should you go with? Is there a difference between the two it's easy to confuse guilt with shame people refer to them interchangeably like twins who are often mistaken along with embarrassment and pride they both Belong to the family of moral emotions, they pop up whenever you do something wrong, but other than that, they're very different and if you discover that shame has been your guide you should ditch it as soon as possible and go the other way. You can tell the difference by what they say guilt talks about something you did shame says the problem is who you are guilt makes you sorry that you lied stole cheated or betrayed shame calls you a liar Thief cheater and or let's say you've been to the track you intended on gambling $200 on the horses by the time you leave your down $1,000. If you go home and tell your wife the truth subject yourself to her ire and take your medicine. That's guilt if you make up some story and cover it up. That's shame the natural reaction to shame is to hide because you're embarrassed. You don't want anyone to know guilt moves you to repair guilt is a You tell shame is a lie. You swallow. Let's look at another example. You've been drinking much too much. You can't get through the day without at least two bottles of wine. Your husband is starting to look at you funny. Whenever you pour a glass guilt will help you admit you have a problem shame will cause you to deny guilt will Propel you to get into counseling or at least into keeping the cork in shame will cause you to drink when he's not around remember? Ashame wants you to hide. So you'll hide your drinking guilt puts it all in the open. So others can help. How about this your kids have their Legos all over the floor. It just drives you nuts. You ask them nicely to clean up, but they blow you off you yell. Your wife comes by and tells you you're yelling guilt tells you she's trying to help shame starts. A war shame makes you argue back in the whole thing turns into a knock-down drag-out fight. Guilt says you can do better than you've done shame says you're a yeller. So you yell some more shame is a threat to yourself. So you defend yourself with everything you have guilt is open to suggestions one more you're due to visit your elderly mother in the nursing home. She's not much fun to be around. She repeats herself goes on forever about her aches and pains and is unconcerned with anything you're doing except to the degree. She might brag about you you hate being around. And her and hate yourself for feeling that way. If you listen to shame you'll never visit you'll make excuses to stay away. If guilt is your guide you'll find a way to make it good guilt leads you to empathy and compassion shame pulls you away guilt identifies a problem and gives you a reason to change. So you'll do better next time shame prevents change guilt says you're better than that shame says no you aren't guilt is a surgical strike into the offending. Shame is a carpet bomb guilt cuts out. The tumor shame is like killing your cancer by killing yourself. Shame is such a powerful toxic emotion that no one likes to feel it for long. You'll do anything to make it go away. There are four things people do the first the most natural is to withdraw hide stone wall or deny you ever did anything wrong you convert your shame to fear. Another method of dealing with shame is to attack yourself put yourself down chew your yourself out tell yourself that you're a piece of of course you made a mistake. You tell yourself. What do you expect from someone who is obviously defective voila your shame is now self-loathing if that doesn't work. There's always avoidance by this. I mean distracting yourself from the shame drugs and alcohol are good for this. So is wild promiscuous shop until you drop or hours of mind-numbing TV where once there was shame there is now addiction then if you feel shame, About your addiction. Well, there's always more addiction. If you try those three methods and you still have shame then the last-ditch defense is to attack. You never did anything wrong you say it's the other guy with shame you feel weak and defenseless add a little bit of anger and Presto you're now the scariest one around with shame you're caught up with yourself with guilt you take the other person's perspective guilt makes you more empathic compassionate and patient. Agent it's a spot light that illuminates whatever you did wrong rather than a blinding floodlight that makes everything about you look bad guilt is your new best friend condemn the sin not the sinner. It's not the person who is the problem. The problem is the problem. So now that you are ready to accept responsibility take a close. Look at how you feel. If your feelings move you towards others are more accepting of them are more willing to make repair that Skilled it's safe for Guilt to be your guide. If you're tempted to hide to lie to argue were to judge then shame is showing you the way get a new guide look for someone called guilt. You just listen to The Post called guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson counseling.com. Thank you to Keith for giving us that breakdown between guilt and shame obviously both are powerful feelings powerful enough to drive some people into therapy. And that's why we are super happy to be sponsored by better help better help online counseling offers you a convenient safe and private online setting to get help. They're licensed counselor. Areas, like stress relationships anxiety and more. They're available worldwide with a network of 3,000 us licensed therapist and you can even schedule sessions at your own time and Pace with for communication modes. There's text chat video and phone all allowing you to talk with your counselor in the way that you like best. You can start communicating with the therapist in less than 24 hours as a matter of fact, and if you don't feel like it's a fit no need to worry. You can request a new counselor at no additional charge. Delayed is also available for those who qualify and best of all, it's a truly affordable option for you guys because optimal relationships daily listeners get 10% off the first month with discount code ORD. So if you're interested go to better help.com / ORD to get started today and a big thanks again to Keith Not only was his post like a mini therapy session in itself, but it's just so valuable to really understand all of our most Located in troubling feelings at Deep levels. They're all nuanced and not necessarily deserving of the reputations. They have as he Illustrated today when describing shame also the more we know the particulars about what were suffering from. Yes. The easier it is to recognize what advantage is it comes with but it also makes it easier to develop a path towards healing if necessary. So we are going to wrap it up today folks another Monday in the books. I hope you have a wonderful rest of the day. I thank you for coming in and I will see you back here tomorrow with part one of a two-part post where you are optimal life awaits.