So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend.Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and agreed to kill Banquo and fleance. And scintillating path is worried. The Macbeth is thinking a lot of bad thoughts about killing Duncan. She says what's done is done by Beth tells her that this is just the beginning. We have scorched the snake not kill'd it. This means he still feels that his crown is at risk. This shows where Macbeth is beginning to take control of his own future instead of letting Lady Macbeth tell him what to do he or she wants him to enjoy being King and move on but Macbeth wants to secure his future by continuing to kill anyone that threatens his room Macbeth is almost shown to be paranoid here. My best friend tells Lady Macbeth. He is suffering from nightmares Macbeth hints that something bad is about to happen, but does not tell Lady Macbeth of his plan to kill Banquo. This is surprising because she seemed to be the driving force behind the murder of King Duncan when Lady Macbeth awesome Beth what he means he says that she doesn't need to know saying be innocent of the knowledge dearest Chuck. This is a turning point before this point Macbeth has told his wife everything and allowed her to take control of his decisions. Now Macbeth doesn't even feel the need to tell his wife about his plan. Listen to some of the quotes from actually seem to so what is the quote that says Macbeth tells his wife or this is just the beginning. He still feels that his crown is at risk. This is we have scorched the snake not kill'd it now have a look at the little the events that happen and are three seen one. We know that it begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King. We know the back row speaks to himself that the two murderers enter an agreed to kill Banquo and then best speaks in that still it liquid. So now let's look at a summary of at three seams three and four inseam three the two men hired to kill back while waiting for him on a third man comes my better send another murderer. He wants to make absolutely sure that bank was killed Banquo and fleance show up and they are attacked by crows killed and screams. Oh treachery when he was dying. He tells Flames to run so that he can take revenge later playing on two escapes. And scene for my best Feast has begun he tells the Lord's to sit one of the murderers arrives at our side door and tells Macbeth and Banquo is dead but fleance escaped Macbeth feels scared again saying I'm cabined cribbed coffined Bound in to Saucy doubts and fears because he has not eliminated the threat his crown be as happy back. I was dead and Returns To The Feast the ghost of Banquo then enters the stage. He sits in Macbeth seat Macbeth, It doesn't notice until he raises a toast to his absent friend. The ghost points of Macbeth Macbeth becomes very distressed saying never shake the Gory locks at me. However, it becomes clear that he is the only one who can see it out of earshot Lady Macbeth questions Macbeth's manhood saying are you a man? She eventually asks the guests to leave after the guests have left Macbeth says it will have blood they say blood will have blood this suggests that he feared being punished for the murders. He has committed My best friend tells Lady Macbeth he plans to go and see the three witches the next day because he needs to know more about his future Lady Macbeth is worried about him says that he needs more sleep Macbeth appears. They're still just starting out on the path of Destruction saying we are yet, but young indeed my best feel scared and paranoid about the future the initial Motors are not enough for him because he feels that he has to keep killing people to try to protect his crown. So let's recap some of the key quotes from act 3 scene 4 when goes the banker enters the stage and sits in Macbeth seat. What does the ghost SATA Macbeth? Sorry my birthday to the ghost He's just never Shake. Gory locks at me. So now let's look at a summary of scenes five and six and I3 and seen five The Witches meet with Hecate their Queen heck it is angry that she has been left out if the witches meeting with Macbeth, she tells them to meet with her later and she will share his Destiny with them. They plan to trick Macbeth by showing him fake images. In seen six, Lennox is talking to another Lord both Lennox and the other Lords suspect that Macbeth has been involved in the murders the other Lord reveals. The macduff has come to England to join with Mountain King Duncan son. His tried to petition King Edward for help together an army. You want to the people of Northumberland Underlord Seward to return to Scotland. So that Macbeth can be removed from power and peace can be restored. Macbeth is heard this and is preparing for war. He ordered macduff to return to Scotland. But macduff refused Lennox says the Macbeth is a tyrant at Scotland needs saving. So what do we learn in act 3 scene 6 we learned that macduff is going to England to join forces with Malcolm that Leonard's Lennox. Thanks Macbeth is a tyrant. The Macbeth ordered Malcolm to return to Scotland to Macbeth ordered macduff to return to Scotland, but he refused and then Macbeth is preparing for war. So can we find remember? What does Lennox call Macbeth in act 3 in C 6? Because I'm a tyrant. Let's have a look at some of the quotes from act 3 scene one now. So in Macbeth sees Bank was a threat. He says there is none but he whose being I do fear and when Beth doesn't think that having the crown has enough and you need more to feel secure as king he says to be thus is nothing but to be safely thus so can we remember who is murdered and who escapes like three seen three if we remember rightly Bank was murdered and it's his son flounce that escapes. So let's look at the turning point in the relationship between Macbeth and Lady Macbeth. First of all, we have Macbeth saying we have scorched the snake not kill'd it. This means that it's only the beginning of the murders Macbeth still feels that his crown is at risk, whereas before Lady Macbeth took control of his decisions. Now, it's Macbeth he decides he wants to secure Future by continuing to kill people. He also says be honest and innocent of the knowledge dearest Chuck this hint that something bad will happen, but he doesn't tell Lady Macbeth is plan to murder banquet where as before like that told is why everything and allowed her to take control of that decisions. Now, I'm about doesn't even feel the need to tell his wife about that. So if we can find remember the quote smack through seen one more time. I'm at Betsy's Bank was a threat. He says there is none but he whose being I do fear and when the best doesn't think that having the crown it enough and he needs more to feel secure as king. He says to be does is nothing but to be Take Me dance so here to the witches meet with that Queen who is called packet and active 3D scene. Five she's angry. That issue has been left out of the witches meeting with Macbeth. She tells them to meet with her later and she will share his Destiny with them. They plan to trick Macbeth by showing him fake illusions. That's all you need to know about act 3 in Macbeth. Hey everyone. Thanks for taking the time to listen to the episode. I hope it was useful for your learning. Make sure you consolidate your knowledge by clicking the link in the bio to be taken to the free online course. Good luck with your studies.