Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files. But really he was waiting for news weather his latest client would live or die Burr had been a lawyer for over 20 years. He took cases that other lawyers wouldn't touch defending people Society had failed. He was a staunch proponent. Own it against the death penalty. And today he'd find out if he'd won his latest battle months before he'd filed an appeal known as a writ of certiorari for a client on death row every year the Supreme Court receives over 5,000 writs of certiorari each highlights. The Injustice that a person feels as happened to them in the lower courts in order for a case to be heard it needs to Be voted on by at least four justices who believe that there is something up for debate. However, the court hears less than a hundred cases a year sober knew the odds inherently weren't good. But he had previously presented two other cases in front of the Supreme Court. He knew what he was doing when he sent up the writ of certiorari. He also knew this case was different his client was one of the most hated men in the I did States. It had been four years, but the sting of what happened hadn't lessened a Ryder Truck exploded in front of the Murrah Federal Building on April 19th, 1995 in downtown Oklahoma the blast sheared off one half of the six-story building killing 168 people including 19 children shock waves traveled miles. Away from the epicenter and injured over 600 people the attack had captured the national Spotlight and burs client Timothy McVeigh was the Prime Suspect McVeigh had been convicted of the crime on June second 1997 and Burr had joined his legal counsel shortly after birth thought that the jury had been tainted by a false news report that his client had confessed to the crime at least four of the jury members. Some claim to have heard the report but said that it wouldn't Cloud their judgment bird disagreed. He believed in Fair process and the courts. He could only hope McVeigh got a fair trial. The phone rang and Burr got the news. He wasn't all that surprised by what he was told. He knew how people felt about the bomb. Hell he knew how he felt about it himself. Nevertheless. Burr was still disappointed. The Supreme Court wouldn't be taking a look at the case True Justice had failed his client after hearing of the Supreme Court's decision. He told the AP we had hoped the Court would be able to rise above the terrible human consequences. It is so easy to say no to Timothy McVeigh the majority of the country celebrated this decision and believed McVeigh was going to get what he deserved death. Up next more about Timothy mcveigh's case. This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape not too long ago driving seemed a lot simpler streets were less congested and there were fewer distractions on the road nowadays a million different things are constantly fighting for our attention Ford believes. It's not enough to make a vehicle with technology drivers need an SUV that's ready for the challenges of today and can help anticipate the challenges of tomorrow. An SUV that's built street smart. That's why Ford has completely redesigned the 2024 to escape. There's Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard tactic designed to help you feel confident and in command on the road the completely reimagined 2024 to escape. It's not just smart. It's Street Smart now back to the story. On March 8 1999 Timothy mcveigh's appeal was rejected by the Supreme Court. They gave no justification. They simply weren't interested in hearing the case of an American Terrorist two years earlier in 1997. He'd been convicted of killing 168 people in Oklahoma City. It was the largest Act of homegrown Terror in United States history. So what's McVeigh to commit such a terrible act of violence. It started with his military service during the Gulf War. He didn't agree with the killing. He witnessed there after he was honorably discharged he moved around the country increasingly worried about the growing overreach of the federal government. This was Amplified in 1993. When the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco firearms and explosives attempted to raid a cult compound in the text. Has city of Waco the ATF had heard the cult the Branch Davidians had a large stash of high-powered rifles when they went to forcefully enter the compound they were met with heavy resistance and several of their agents were killed in a gunfight the ATF retreated and a standoff began make they visited Waco during the standoff and even voiced his support of the cult to a local television reporter by this point. He was convinced that the government was going to exercise their power to disarm the nation. He believed what was happening at Waco would begin happening all over the country, but he became even angrier at the government after what happened next. after a months-long standoff the ATF decided once again to raid the compound but things went horribly wrong in the ensuing Siege 76 members of The Cult died in a fire McVeigh believe that the federal government was responsible for their deaths, even when it was revealed that the Cults leader David koresh had apparently ordered the fires to be set McVeigh came to believe that the Federal Involved in the Waco standoff were headquartered in Oklahoma City and he wanted Revenge along with his accomplice Terry Nichols McVeigh built a rudimentary bomb using fertilizer and gasoline. They then loaded the explosive into the back of a rental truck on April 19th, 1995 two years to the day since the siege of Waco McVeigh parked the truck on the north side of the Murrah Federal Building. Building and walked away. He was wearing a t-shirt that said 6 ampere tyrannis or thus always to tyrants. It was what John Wilkes Booth had shouted before he assassinated President Lincoln at 9:01 a.m. Countless. Federal employees were beginning their day at work at 9:02 a.m. The bomb went off. The explosion left a 30-foot wide crater in the earth and completely destroyed the north side of the building. It caused over 650 2 million dollars in damage and injured nearly 700 people in the days following the explosion. There was a massive rescue and clean-up operation and police were desperately searching for answers. Luckily. They didn't have to waste their time looking for make my A the authorities stopped the bomber merely 90 minutes after the explosion for driving without a license plate and arrested him for carrying a concealed weapon. His conviction came back to with the wealth of evidence from the federal government. Not only did they have the VIN number of the rental truck that contained the explosives and Witnesses who saw him walk away. They also had Witnesses who swore they'd seen McVeigh and Nichols loading the bomb-making materials into the back of the truck after they were both tried and found guilty. Nichols was sentenced to life in prison McVeigh on the other hand was In the death penalty he challenged it which led his case to the desk of the Supreme Court where the justices denied it striking it back down to the lower Court's on March 8, but even after mcveigh's case was turned down by the Supreme Court. He still had other opportunities to get off of death row. He started the process to get his case heard by an appeals court, but quickly dismissed the idea McVeigh stated that he would rather die. Die than spend the rest of his life in prison. He knew he couldn't win against the federal government. They were the ones perpetuating violence all over the world. If they weren't going to let the Supreme Court review his case there would be no chance of a lower court citing with his appeal. It was stacked against him, but he expected that when he started his personal war against the government. On June 11th 2001 Timothy McVeigh was given his last meal. He ate two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream and was read his last rites. He was wheeled into the execution room in the federal Corrections Facility in Terre Haute, Indiana family members of the victims were gathered in another room watching on a small television. It had been seven years. But the pain was still fresh. He was stone-faced and quiet. He never spoke to the people in the room directly instead. His last statement was read aloud by his lawyer the poem Invictus by William Ernest Henley after a few moments. He was strapped to the table and had several IVs stuck into his body. It took only two moments for the medications to be pushed into his veins. Yes, and soon the Stone Face went slack. Timothy McVeigh was dead after several failed appeals attempts. Justice had finally been served. Thanks for listening to today and True Crime. I'm Vanessa Richardson. For more information on the Oklahoma City bombing. Check out the park a story gional conspiracy theories which covered the controversy around the crime today. And True Crime is a par cast original. You can find more episodes of today in True Crime and all other par cast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast original. Like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today in true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will be back with a brand new episode tomorrow in True Crime. Today and True Crime was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Carrie Murphy with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden, Aaron Larson and Paul Moller this episode of today in True Crime was written by Robert Tyler Walker with writing assistance by Maggie admire. I'm Vanessa Richardson.