The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need.In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded that's the podcast literally into my phone and then posted it uploaded in some hotel room somewhere. So anchor law gives you all those tools that you need all in your phone for free and the hardest part they will distribute it for you. They'll they'll get it to Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast many more which took us a long time to figure out how to get up there and they handle all that. For you for free and you can make money off your podcasts with money advertising and cool. Yeah, it doesn't matter if ten people won't listen to a podcast Urban hundreds of thousands. So yeah download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and start your own podcast or if you already have a podcast make it way easier on yourself, and we love it and we appreciate it. So, yeah, thank you anchor onto the show. Hello and welcome. Hey, what up? What's going on? Oops s with your phone. I love phones. May I speak about phones this another phone one? Yeah, we fun one don't want but it was fun. Yeah, we called. We called Tim to see what he thought about our first ever show. Yeah, because for some reason we've never asked that question. Yeah, and we found out yeah. Yeah. I was I was going to give my opinion on what he said, but we'll just let it go when people let We'll hear themselves. Okay, so I've been in Europe for a little bit. How do you assume I'm doing you know, we're recording this before they head out to you. So you are you are hearing this from the past. But what does I would assume that things are going? Well, you are very cold, but having a good time at the shows and maybe pretty tired. Wow, nailed it. That's exactly how I feel. Wow. It's like exactly like how you're it's like you're here. It's like I've done it before. Yeah, but yeah, it's cool. We We're good were good. We're going to any any any day here. We're going to do an episode where we called each other and get an actual up actual update on how things are going. That was that man. That might be posted before this one. I know this whole intro is going to be all fucking weird. See, that's the thing. You just never quite know. Yeah. What makes it fun? Yeah. So this is this is kind of you know, this is an episode about the past about our first show and things so I thought you know, maybe this would be fun. So Garrett, what is your what is your favorite song off our first EP ever? That would have came out. Right after that show townsmen talking. It's it holds up. It was the first time I think my entire life where I felt like oh shit, this feels bigger than what I thought I could do more that it the group of people. I'm around can do. Yeah, and it was like, I remember just at the very right before we ended up recording like we Had Daisy and we were going to court it Christmas song. Yeah, and then we wrote townsmen talkin and it was like we get her much distance better. And yeah, it was like it was one of the it was one of those weird things where it felt like even in it was like this is supposed to happen like that. Yeah, and like I don't really think like that very often, but it That's that's definitely what it felt like. Yeah, I didn't say what about you? Um, yeah, I would say Townsend talking but Just because you pick that one I can pick something different. We have a go with shake it that was a cool one. Yeah, I know count them kind of one two, three that one I think was Maybe kind of the beginning of the sound that we would be that people would enjoy our band for I guess. Yeah, you know, I would say that the Townsend talking was a song that us is abandoned and enjoyed in our you know, our clothes like like like friends really liked it, but I would say didn't really ever like become a fan song. Everybody likes Hooper love. Of do you know yeah and count them one two, three. We kind of hit on something there that then led to songs like look the way we talk and if I if I only had the heart and song stuff, I've can't stop you know it mean you can hear where girls what they want or something came from that thought. It's so funny thinking back on writing that song. We were at your house and I remember being like this sounds like But like in like a cool house of yeah, that was such a cool thing because it just kept like felt like we kept getting better and more like our own thing but thinking back on what I mean, if anyone heard that they wouldn't think Copeland for one second, but just in where your mind goes. Yeah, it's really interesting and like I haven't thought about that until literally you just sent ya talked about that song. Yeah. I mean, that's crazy. I mean, that's what I mean. We haven't played tennis and talking and I don't know how long but I mean count them was in a set recently. So it's like that one definitely had staying power. Yeah. Sure, baby pretty insane. What was your favorite tour of the first couple tours? So, you know, I guess options to pick from are like Family Force 5 that one we did. I think that was the first tour. I remember not liking. Yeah, and one of the only ones I remember still not like I remember be bummed on that whole tour. Yeah. It was just like the audience didn't really get what we were doing. Yeah. I mean, it was just totally different thing and yeah, yeah kind of kind of really dislike that to her. Or the you know, we did a tour with secret handshake and danger radio. I mean, that one was cool. That one felt really cool because like it felt like shit was happening for us. Yeah, and I know that's like shitty to say but it was like we were like bringing everyone and if yeah, like in remember at one point he was headlining. He asked us to play last we're like no but like it was like if I don't know I felt really cool and like that was the first time we were the first van right first. Yeah, and so it was like all this new experience like we're going on the east coast and it's fucking cold and like driving on Ice being scared or then like but like us listening to me like I remember listening to empty. T electric field and all of us being like that was all that was also we were getting the mixes back from can't stop won't stop. Yeah. So I remember like like hearing the album back for the first time in the van. Yeah. We got it with some like three times in a row and then I don't think I listen to it all the way through since but yeah, like it was like every new experience and it was so cool because it was like you and me were supposed to be in high school still and yeah, I'm on you know, we're in fucking Massachusetts in it. It's you know, like yeah, so it's like all these new experiences in like felt like growing up in don't living in a van and and it's just yeah that one probably sticks out as thing but I do remember being just cold. Yeah. Do you ever the show on that tour? Where? We have plain black that like kind of like was an amusement park but it was it was like bowling alley she / thing and you playing the basement it was like kind of like a dungeon. Oh, yeah. Yeah in metro station played that shit. And yeah, I remember that being like a big deal. Yeah, where was that? Because we were playing there like a few. Yeah. It was like somewhere outside of Boston. Oh it was yeah. But I remember those shows but like we said I think so. I think we played with Some heavy band the first time we played there. Yeah, and it was a little shit like this. So like that one didn't go over well, but yeah, yeah is crazy. So many like weird venues, you know, you're just like showing I've been playing in like the basement of some place or the waffle joint was that one pimping waffles or some function waffles and can waffle? Yeah. Yeah literally just like a waffle restaurant the head of state. Age yeah, and like I just remember so many stairs like present good show though. Yeah, like spring down like gear and like being like 17 and like just so many stairs were like the troc and Philly. Yeah. Yeah and then like up like I have a photo that I just found of taking up those stairs because I remember thinking like oh shit. This is really far and then like to get on stage you had to like walking through the key to the crowd. Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. But I got photo I found a bunch of photos of all that stuff. So it's pretty cool. That was fun. Yeah, it was fun. Awesome. Cool. Awesome. Yeah here is a this is a Oddball episode. But here's here's us talking to Tim about the first show we played and before we get into that being message from a sponsor. There's so many places now to listen to music and podcasts that you have to like page through all these different apps now to pick what your refrigerator to listen to but now on Spotify. They have all your favorite podcast all of my favorite podcast. Yes and music to music. No, you can get it all in one place. He has modified. Yeah, and yeah you can you can listen to all your favorite podcasts on Spotify without even having a premium account. So if you Download the app so that the free it's just free free tool is your favorite podcasts. It's just free like this one. Yes, they have every type of podcast you could want follow all your favorite podcast. So you don't miss an episode. It'll just be in your feed premium users like me me, too. I download my episode so that way when I'm on a plane airplane or anything shower in the car on a road trip. I have my podcast already downloaded it. I can listen to you can share the episodes on your Instagram? That's cool. Just cool, right? Yeah. This is what I'm listening to and then people can send me something you can literally just click a button and go go. This is a new gift sweet-ass podcast. Yeah. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app and search for the 8123 podcast and follow us on the your library Tab and it'll it'll it'll be there. Also, make sure to follow us so you never miss an episode do it. I'm gonna do it. All right. Allow your me. Yeah, we can hear you. What are you trying to do? It's going on. Say what up recording me? Yeah, how's it feel terrible actually? we're going to embrace if I cast my I don't know if you're comfortable. So we were curious because we realize that we had never really asked you what was going through your mind being in the crowd at our first ever show. Like were you thinking like golfing fuck this sucks? I have the real bar. Yeah. No, I was sitting at the bar with him counter. Watching from there. And I think he had me really really hyped on you guys. Yeah, we're affected when you're sitting next to somebody else. That's really really excited. Yeah, you get super excited. And so I think he kind of sold me on the show more so than even just watching it for my with my own ears, but I definitely had anxiety when you guys were getting all the gear on stage. I remember that and I kind of calm down once he started watching it with me. I mean we took we took so fucking long. I mean it was the most awkward thing I've ever seen. It was just like you guys are moving into a new house rather than playing soccer. What we had two TVs we don't have that much stuff. Yes. We did. No you in heavy things mean that t v-- Wade probably 60 pounds. Yeah two TVs with light in and trying to do all this stuff and and no one really in charge of anything or just like thrown about the kid onstage. Yeah, it was horrible and then my bass amp didn't work. So we'd ask Alex from Brighton to if I could use this cabs or his head and we ran it. It was crazy. I'm sure. Here so late. Oh, yeah. I mean, I think what we should do is have you guys really do that? So again with the same, you know, get the same prop see how long it takes. I'll wait with your actual crew or I just yourself and just visualize different people. It would be really easy. No, I mean there's I think it was one video somewhere. Yeah weird has we headed on a DVD of the of the One song it was that townsmen talking from that show and it was like good good quality, but I can't find it. I've been I've been looking for her for years. I have it the DVD of the first show. I have like all the those DVDs that I took from Matt's house. I haven't gone through a mall, but I have a lot of them no wait so that we try to find out there's probably like the set show then the second one which we've talked about before was actually read. Everything is labeled as I like the main live, but there's like seven of them and about half of them won't play on my computer, but I think we got a DVD player that could have been converted over. I'll go get a DVD player. Oh man, wait Tim. Yeah, since we're talking about old footage. I have all of the old footage. Grunting the camcorder stuff. I'd I do have that so we need to find a converter but I have I have like six tapes of that but then I have a five terabyte hard drive full of all sorts of amazing things that we need to post somewhere. There's a company male everything to convert it all the digital files for you. We should do that. I'll get the tapes at least. Yeah. Yeah. I'll give it to Pat cool. So question for me. Yeah. Yeah. We just went want to know what you thought of the first show. Do you do you remember the first time that you thought that we were good life? Try to remember the first time I mean probably The Gramercy show. on the most recent the I think it was that show. The show or Kennedy's dad came out when you guys first revealed that his name was no longer to ask it was that what was that? What it was just like a random many of those on the open for a couple months. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was steaming like obviously sounded great, but then seeing how the crowd was reacting and it felt like more Of your crowds and then send theirs. Mmm-hmm. I was like, oh wow, like something's actually happening here. Yeah. Well, I think the first show is like, I mean there is what probably 75 people at the real bar hundred people. Maybe I think I've sold I thought it was packed out. It was packed out. Yeah, that's why I was so embarrassing but packed out there is huge. Yeah. Yeah true. I guess he has no bigger than like two of my living room I can. Remember remember what the venue is was like, I mean II can our was straight but I left I'm just to the right of the and then you walk to the left through little too little opened or change it to the left to the right. Then you are probably maybe only 30 feet long. This has been my like 20 feet wide. Yeah, it might head there was 10,000 people. We're going to go I did but I think that God chose different because whatever labels coming out which we had never dealt with had you because at that point had an arbor had anyone from a label come out. I don't think so. So was that there was a key emails and people are interested but I don't think it was like actual labels, you know coming to see a band but I think even fact that to I think it was more. So this Providence was probably the more because it would they put the night before and night of Mmm Yeah, I played both. Yeah, I think I was more nervous than I was like you guys in the label. You were nervous about them trying about what I'm not a permanent RAM for I guess well your tours it at that point where it is, like being on the road where I felt like I knew more about the roads and you guys did and then seeing how long like it took for the changeover and seeing what they would think about you. It was kind of like I was like seeking their approval more so than I was even my own like opinion on it, you know, yeah. But and it was also just yeah, I think it was just a Young Band that didn't know like how things worked at the time compared to being on the roof bands that were, you know have cured enough done. She laughter show, you know, it's so funny up and doing things so funny about it is because I mean Pat I were in bands and had to word. It was like when this started we fucking forgot how to do everything like know. What I did was just ambitious. Yeah, it was just only as you guys were doing before also kind of the same as this was like this DIY kind of thing not like a 2 or books and tour managers and some guys so I know about I guess I'm just saying we had played shows and like decently big shows and had gotten our shit on and off all of the time and this was just like, oh fuck like I don't know. But we yeah, we were trying to do a lot more. Yes. Yeah. I mean what we did we wanted to feel like like he were here is this new band? We wanted to feel like a big big thing and there was like a competition between bands like in Arizona through like yeah, you know who was going to put on the better show who's going to bring a little extra light or something that made it feel cooler. And you know, did you guys did you guys see Panic at the Disco when they opened for August and No, that was not at that shit. It kind of reminded me of that is where like they were trying to do a lot then when they were opening band on a tour where was like clearly they haven't figured it out yet and they were still doing the DIY thing. Yeah, but you could see the potential in it. Yeah, and I think that's how I looked at it after the fact and I got to go look at it. It's like the possibilities of what it could become even if you didn't get it right in that moment. Now look at us. So a record people now and it just goes straight in. Yeah. Yeah. We just called Nick and halvah. That was fun. Really? Yeah. All right. Yeah, it was good. Well, I guess we're getting better this too. Call me when you're done. Cuz I got a couple things I need to go over. All right, cool, okay. All right. All right. Yeah, yeah.