Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah.All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know this town. But hey, you gotta do what you gotta do, I guess so we don't tell them what our podcast going to be about or is it just will be in talk about today, you know getting that getting The Kinks kicked kicked out Keating. Kick. Kick. Kick. Yeah in the Kings kicked out would be mainly comedy comedy and life stuff. I guess not really a whole whole important issue behind anything we're going to say, but bunch of stories random random stuff and Just life Livin Life how we lived it so far, I guess the yeah, how do you like your time here in Grand Junction? It's been all right, probably meant most of the people are going to walk in my wedding or and be friends for us of light my life like you and all my fraternity Brothers. Oh, yeah, we're both in a fraternity. So take that how you will yeah. Yeah also both graduated college, I guess that's a Decent milestone in one's life. You would say. Yeah. I know I feel like college is college wasn't the best wasn't the worst just school for another four years. Yeah, Gary took an extra Victory half lap. But yeah, you know going to take that party at that party lab party party left party lap of staying home and watching the office pretty good. I guess 12 times 12 times side to rack up some That debt weird it couldn't help myself. But he lets her off the first thing I have so I saw this on Twitter is the Kool-Aid Man the jar or the liquid dude. Which one is it? You know, that's a good question the jar of the liquid. That's the question. I was a child. I would have to say it's the jar. So the liquid inside it looks like it's like the jar is like the person and then the liquids like all it's weird innards that you can see, you know, it's got a face on the jar. It'd be weird if the face was just sloshing around in that liquid sloshes a lot word of the day. Yes lot washing washing. Yeah. So yeah, we're just gonna kind of move on from topic to topic. We don't really have a set schedule of what we're going to talk about. I just think about random stuff over talking about random stuff life tips. If we are even capable of giving those qualified to give life tips. I guess. I haven't really figured that whole aspect out yet. Yeah. I'm not the best at that. So looking for new jobs, you know, maybe one day this will be our job. That'd be pretty cool not good dope and making money off of talking to you listeners out there which we show Aren't any at the moment not yet. But you know one day maybe we'll have good seven or eight and it's it's a good goal, right? Yeah. Hey Kate listening listening and probably one of them's gonna be my mom's, that'd be pretty cool. Yeah, pretty cool 8 listeners do what I'm excited for his with people listening to us in the car be cool. I listen to a lot of podcasts in the car, but that was your favorite podcasts are right now. Okay, so just kind of looking around trying to find a whole bunch of new ones, but I do have to say Josh Peck spot. Cast curious no little bit of free promotion from the nobodies who no one knows great gets gets pretty interesting your mind thinking. Yeah, what a bunch of random stuff and I'm also really into TV and movies and stuff and it's pretty much a lot of what it's about. What about you? What are you listening to on the Pod web the pot the cast to cast the cast a couple of them, you know David dobrik views. Okay, sponge of random shit took my car's kind of hopefully Nia, except. I'm not 46 like Jason Ewing 2923 yet boy and in Heath, that's a good one. But looking around to some new ones. I found this one about Secret societies and kind of conspiracy wouldn't wouldn't consider myself like an spirit is but you know learning about Freemasons and the Illuminati that always sounds like a fun time to indulge myself. See ya just kind of circling back around I guess sure. You all are wondering why we chose the name too chunky, boys. His guess what Garrett? We're both Nucky. That's it. We're yeah, that's pretty much huge chunk of boys. Is it intense background behind the name of our podcast? Yeah, super creative. Fun interesting. Hopefully gets you listeners excited cuz you know who knows better about crazy life than to chunky boys. Yeah. Yeah, we're working on it though. Go in the gym every day almost every day. Yeah. Still still be too chunky boys on the inside though. So, you know name won't change. They won't change Always chunky for Life. Yep. So I was scrolling the interwebs. And guess what? I found is a fun fact of the day. What's your fun fact of the day apple pie isn't American. Don't fuck me happens. I isn't an American. It's apparently from Asia. But everyone has it at Thanksgiving and Halloween and Christmas and that's what you have on Halloween. Yeah, absolutely apple pie. It's a staple of a chunky boy's life and it's not even American units the best without pie though some vanilla ice cream. Yeah. Yep, some nice warm apple pie with some vanilla ice cream probably isn't even American either. We're just living one big lie one big huge lie one big chunky lie. But yeah, fun fact of the day, I guess I'm not Jim and stuff, you know hear about that guy that played for like eight hours dude. Yeah, dude, I can barely play for like what we do like a minute sometimes. Yeah Kitty were dead. And that guy did it for eight freak eight hours the women the woman's record is like four hours in like 30 minutes. That guy is freaking rip. That's a whole day of just planking. Doubleday of office watching dude the earth I can watch a whole day of office, but I can picture myself thinking all day sounds horrible. Gear you need to be one animal. What would you be and why animal? Like a spirit animal no, just just a net. What else would you be mad? If you could right now switch bodies with an animal, what would you be moose would be a moose? Why is that? Oh why why why mousse because mooses are Majestic but yet so what is the plural of moose moose has or me some ice mosses? Lucy Smith tries to mess with the moves because it's a moose would kill him. I mean lots of love lots of what animal would you be? Swimming it's got to be boring to be a fish though or a whale or dude workers are not fished for men mammals fish ocean life. Dude, the best love you just float around float on the currents. Relax and dude. You just sit there and just but how long can you relax before you like? What am I doing with my life? I need to get a job. I don't think order to start a family. You just float around dude. It's who would win Orca or freaking moves are I think I'm moose would swim out and kick an order to possess, but you never get to see an orchid. Give us big ass up on my end. What about our third person over here? We have Daisy which is a Garrett's girlfriend. She's also our moderator and controls the things what would you be for an animal? Hey guys. There's no I don't know. House cat I won't be a Chihuahua out of all the animals new kick a domesticated dog domesticated pet. That's true. That's true. Musa and our coil, you know. Speaking of cats though. We got a real problem with Stray Cats around our house outside. You know, I don't understand it people want a cat get a cat in the like hey live outside come by every once in a while go poop. In other people's yards. What is up with that? And also the bird problem to do birds bird shit on my car like every day. Yeah. You think you think but another mystery to life, I guess you see nothing. That pigeons are like work for the government. Oh, they gotta you gotta be working for the government other question. That's have you ever seen a baby pigeon. No, dude, you'll see any baby pigeons out. Yeah, but do you see any baby birds? Yeah, dude all the time, but not just stop flying around there and there, you know Nest home. Yeah, but you never see the small pigeons. They're just all the same size except for the chunky ones and the chunky ones. I eat all the bread. It's a park. They probably listen to this show right now. They're chunky boys really good engines and sometimes a chunky boys. You know what give a notice that natural way nicer as an adult than they were as a kid. Yeah, your parents were like, oh go take a nap you like heck. No I want to keep playing and then we get off work and we take a two-hour nap and it's like that was the best sleep I've ever had. Yeah. I do. Enjoy a good nap here there here there here and there everywhere. Eating before work do that's even better you go we go to the gym and come back for like 30 minutes take a quick nap. See it's got to be a long nap or no nap at all because I was just going to bed and a half two hour nap. Wake up feel great. Oh, what about a nap right before you're about to go out go to the bar or something? No. Those are the best to I love them. Don't want to do anything. I never I'm a grumpy boy when I wake up after a 20-minute nap. Yeah, all you need is a tortilla then bring it back up to par tortillas God's gift to us God's Gift worst guys. Give that's the best dude tortillas. Yeah, probably one of my most favorite food groups tortillas. Yeah Gary eating pasta with your tortillas too sometimes. You just gotta let it happen. Gordon Ramsay didn't get to where he was by not mixing things up, you know put a tortilla with some pasta, you know, you just lie your ex to know your to go. Hey Gordon Ramsay have to start somewhere. I'm not saying I'm no Chef or anything, but You know pasta and tortillas it's like that iCarly episode where they have spaghetti tacos. I'll do I want to try that maple syrup then maybe Getty. Yeah. I don't know how that would be crushed up Pop-Tarts. Let's try it sounds like a instant diabetes diabeetus. On the Sleeping Sun Trudeau and you go to bed. Do you ever look at the time and you're like guess what? I got six hours and 2 minutes if I fall asleep right now, I got six hours and two minutes till I have to wake up. I live my life by that code. I never I never think of it as I'm gonna have to fall asleep. I just always assume. I'm going to fall asleep. As soon as I put my phone down like you look at it. You're like if I fall asleep right this second, I'll get six hours and 2 minutes of sleep you ever fantasize and sudden alarm just to see how much sleep you would get if you could go to bed, right? Done that a few times, you know you doing something you're like, hey if I went to bed right now how much time would I get in? You're like 9 hours too bad. I can't go to bed right now. I can't go to bed right now. I gotta watch another episode of The Office. Yeah the office new girl. That's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. You don't look you don't want no don't. You know doing productive things. I wouldn't know what that's like, but I'm sure some people do productive things and want to go to bed reading books read books. I've been thinking about getting back in the books. I'd rather just watch a movie imagine reading the imagine. You're just reading the office instead of watching The Office. You read it. What's up, Lori? Is that sound? Yeah, but you gotta you gotta get good books. That's why they don't make books like the office. There's some things I belong in the TV movie world and some things that belong on paper. And some that makes Harry Potter great great for both on that subject. What's your favorite movie from the Harry Potter series Harry Potter. We've got to go deep on this one boy. Let's see. It's a little background. I'm a big Harry Potter fanatic. What's your house? So the old Gryffindor Gryffindor forehead at my house. I got Ravenclaw. I'm like hmm don't think so. Yeah. Yeah. He seemed like the kind of hopeful background. Yeah boys favorite movie though. See the doctor the original like the first couple, you know, you have to enjoy but as CGI and all that stuff got better is just only could make the movies better. So I would have to probably say Either the very last one. So the second part of Deathly Hallows or Prisoner of Azkaban. I've always liked prison you what though? Half-Blood Prince is slept on dude. Everyone says, that one's not the good not a good movie. That's my favorite one. That one's a pretty good one too. It's not a lot of action, but it's a lot of story. That's yeah, it gives a lot of background lot of insight into the Wizarding World. So here's a question of the movie thing. Do you like the original Star Wars Trilogy or the the new prequel to the new prequel trilogy? I think they're completely different like obviously they're the same storyline in a way, but I think they're just two separate Styles ways to watch. I don't know like the new ones. They got a lot of bad criticism, which I don't really understand especially this latest one, but I thought they were fantastic. a new spin on A classic I guess. Yeah, I don't know. I like the prequel trilogy though deliver good movies. Hey, you can't hate on can't hate on those If You're a Star Wars fan your don't even listen to our podcast, please I heard please do please do we need listeners? Yeah. Yeah, just you know. Don't contact us just listen speaking of that. You know, you got any questions for the too chunky boys any anything you want want to talk about or ask ask us questions or you trust us giving you advice which you know, maybe good idea maybe not. Yeah, we've had 22 23 years of experience. So, I mean you can find out how it works. But yeah send your questions to either our email to chunky boys at gmail.com. Or look us up on social media where we're on all platforms. Yeah into chunky boys is spilled T. Wo not the letter to the number two not letter number two. It's just T. Wo and then Chuck the boys at gmail.com. Yeah, and if you get lost on that confusing way to spell you can look at our picture. Yeah picture has how to spell it. Probably going to be tagged in our comments to your not comments What description we'll put that in there, too. yeah, multiple ways to just talk to us because You want someone to talk to us? Yeah, nobody unless you just like this bantering on about random things that pop up in our head every day. Yeah, and you know, this is our first podcast is going to be geared and I but then I think next couple episodes will have some guests on some of our good friends are our manager at work. Good guy. He's going to come on. Got a really good friend of ours who's in two bands at the moment. So, you know get some cool insight into the music world. Yeah, Music World music is a drummer. So any ladies out there interested in drummers with long hair come and listen to them. It's got a fantastic voice. You know, he's a drummer next subject though. What's up with an odd? You know, I'm talking about the not like so, you know, you can be like just walking down the street and just do a not with someone. You don't know or your best friend. You don't just the knob what's up with it? I don't know. I'm not a big fan not be kind of mod. No, I don't see anyone and you're walking on the street and you're like subdued head not see it's just The thing that people do and you know walking down the street and someone nods. I mean, it's normally just automatically I assume that I forgot who that person was and they should I should know them. They know me that's why they're nodding at me and then you're just like you just like you don't want to say hi. You just like so yeah, I can see that. What's even worse? Is that awkward smile when you're like looking down and also you're like making eye contact with them. I also only did that really weird little smile, you know about ya know. Most awkward thing is when you're looking at someone there waving and then you wave back uncomfortably and then realize they're waving to the person behind you that is that is an uncomfortable experience that I'm sure all of humanity has endured it one time or another I just played off. I'm like keep going. I'm like and then pretend the way past that person I was waving Mo so it's like, I mean, it's a double Inception. Yeah, they way past unit weight fast. It used to look at you. Either so that it's just like you're good to go. And the person that you're waving that's like what the heck is he waving at me for an endless cycle and the cycle of waiting. I usually try and break break that with answer my nan phone call phone call, you know, they waving you you way back awkwardly and then they'll give you that weird look like I don't know who you are. And then oh, my phone is ringing you pick up the phone. Hey, Mom. Yeah, usually Now the boys have the awkward smile. So comment comment at our social media, are you an otter or a smile? We'll see. We'll see who wins the movements make a Twitter poll. Yeah. Okay, Garrett next one. What's up with silent letters do like lasagna. There's a g in there, but you don't pronounce it. Lisanna. It's just lasagna or bologna blogger blog NE. Pterodactyl, there's a Pian from pterodactyl. Why does filled with the p and the front of it, dude? You know, I couldn't give you I guess I can give you a slightly educated. Okay, that's here responses here and you know, probably no references to back this up. But America's English is a Melting Pot of language. It's made up of so many different languages. You're right. I'm just gonna say yeah, nothing never made the dictionary stupid though or incredibly smart because everyone uses it. Yeah well, but the smartest person is whoever made the thesaurus. Let's Soros get yourself a good to saurus. Oh, yeah. Go to your room right now. Grab me your thesaurus. I've got three and you know what blisters are listening they won't they won't know. I'm just gonna lie to you guys. Why would I lie to you guys? I don't have anything sources seems like a good investment though. I don't think so. It's all your phone. You can just look up sores on your phone and that there's an app for that probably isn't that for Everything Garrett? Yeah. But the good that Soros yeah, you're right app for everything nowadays. That's why you guys are listening to us. You probably on some sort of app can't just go to a bookstore and get a podcast. Imagine reading this like you're saying really reading the office really good book you really like ask you imagine reading a podcast? Some things just only only work on certain platforms and some things work on multiple and podcasts are a single platform thing. That would be pretty cool. We're gonna start we're going to make merch one day. We're gonna release all our podcast on cassette tapes dude. Watch out watch out you come up with a joke of the day not thinking and thinking and Googling and happen in it, but it's a good word happen happen trademark pending. But yeah jokes you got any good jokes cinnamon because yeah, apparently this comedy podcast is have jokes. So we'll need some of those to thrive in the future. It's just hard hard to gauge what kind of audience are going for you know, there's the inappropriate jokes. There's the kid jokes. There's Dad jokes. Dad jokes are the best know a lot of good dad jokes. Oh, here's a good dad. Joke good joke. What did Delaware? Probably a new jersey joke of the day Dad joke of the day coming at you from too chunky boys. Use that with all your friend groups guaranteed. They won't like it, but you know, they might. Tell your dad your dad will probably appreciate that joke give him another one for his Arsenal have your dad listen to our podcast. Yeah, that'd be cool. We don't discriminate against any any type of people. So yeah, tell your dad dad Grandma's friends if you want to put your podcast on while your dog's home alone. I'm okay with that too. I'm sure dog would get a kick out of this. Especially since our moderator wants their spirit animal is a lap dog. Laughs dogs can attest to the Pampered lifestyle. Maybe your dogs having a rough day. Oh, that's a joke number two. So yeah, send us your jokes because I don't want to result to dad jokes for a permanent thing on this thing, but here's a real dad joke, dude. Oh never mind. We're resorting to dad jokes a ham sandwich walks into a bar. Yours a beer the bartender goes. Sorry. We don't serve food here gets a good nice lab or dude. Yeah Daisy left. No, it's weird is you know dads get all this credit for dad jokes where all the mom jokes and I'm not saying like your mama jokes. Those are completely different category, but you know mom's gotta have jokes, too. Why can't mom blocking you have a dad joke an Imam joke? See, that's a good one. That's a good one right there. But yeah campers. I can't respond to that. That's a burn to burn insert burn. Look at mom jokes on Google and just come up. Yo, mama jokes seems like discrimination when you say yeah don't discriminate those so or you know brother jokes. Sister jokes Family Jokes. Why can't we just all it's family-friendly just get on the family joke level. Just pour and if it on his jokes subject. Yeah, they're a minute daily joke last an hour from too chunky boys daily joke daily joke, I'm daily. Fun fact of the day, you know since it's our first one what why don't we give you two? Here's a fun fact of the day. Did you know birds can sneeze away birds can sneak one of you ever seen a we go. Well, obviously, you don't see it, but you know birds can sneeze. Believe it or not if you want, you know, I'm not sure if I believe it, but sorry, we're on the subject of birds. My favorite word's Gaggle dude goggle for all you non-fifa Soros readers out there grab a rabbit the thoris or that the thoris and Gaggle is a group of geese. Yeah. Yeah group of geese. Hey, fun fact fun facts. Dad jokes. We're getting pretty set in our ways over here. Another another interesting fact, there are a hundred folds and chefs hats that and it represents a hundred ways to cook an egg. Like a chef's hat that's pretty cool a hundred times around the brim and it represents a hundred ways of cooking eggs. Daisy can you name all the way to cook an egg? Maybe for over easy? Scrambles Grant my favorite ache style. Is that what it would they be called? Yeah, how would you like your eggs scrambled? Yeah a style of eggs. Preparation of eggs how would you like your eggs prepared? That's how it would be spoken to you from a waiter or waitress. Or your mom or dad? Hey Butler for all you rich rich guys girls out there. Hey, here's something you don't think about though people are jerk to cats and dogs. But you know dogs and cats can be allergic to people. I saw that you know, it's weird saw that my dear cat you bring this new cat home or new dog. And then also your dog in logic to you. He's like guess what I got to get a new owner. Maybe that's why dogs are in cats are bad bad like disobedient. They're allergic and they're just trying to find way out never thought of that. Did you you just thought they were dumb, you know kind of so many fun facts. You gotta say that the say some of those I'm going to save some of those to my home screen using an app don't believe it - dude. All those iPhone people use a huge debate. We have all the time. I'm a hundred percent backing Android got Anjali would Android Android guy myself, you know climb has Apple as you heard. Yep. What do you guys think? You got a Mac kind of Apple watch an iPhone? Owner Connect to do If I had enough money, I'd have more Android stuff, too. But as you can tell making a podcast so don't have that much money that much money making a pocket making a podcast but ya know it's always a debate. I feel like between a whole bunch of people and it's just settle it settle it on that one podcast that you accidentally scrolled across will be the final decision. I know this multi-billionaire businesses out there. It'll be that that one podcast that your friend accidentally clicked on in the car and you've got stuck listening to because you ran out of Wi-Fi and couldn't change. It looks like people don't have music on their phones or anything so that you look we're going to stay on this podcast. Yeah. Yes Dre assume all of you listeners are from just accidentally scrolling strolling on by and who knows maybe like the sound of her voice maybe one of those those dad jokes really got you. And you said hey, I'm going to stick it out to the end. I'm gonna stick it out. See what these guys are made of. but either way We're just here having a good time. Have a good time next week. We'll have one of our buddies on you know, so if you liked if you like what you heard today, no, give us a good follow subscription like review. I don't know how the system works. Yeah, we'll figure it out. Again. Our social media is up and running soon. So comment something you disliked and you know, maybe we will consider it. Maybe we won't be first comment to me like we don't like them. Darn. Yeah. Yeah. But hey, thanks for listening. If you're listening, and you're not listening, I can say thanks cause you can't hear me anyways, so that's pretty much it for today's episode first podcast by your boys Clem Clem and Garrett Gary, that's me. I'm still one of two chunky boys. Yeah tune in next week for hopefully some better. Dad jokes. See you guys later. Bye. Bye.