A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly. Wet guy walks in with shirt off little bit of Wiggle dancing and then you know DP what I love a good formula awesome, but it works it works exactly. But yeah, so, how do I get how do I get more social media followers? I mean, you know the showing a little bit of it's an ass does help anybody who says that like that doesn't help when I can't help it but you do have to be careful because you oh my God, you got like a warning lately recently. Didn't you the night of the X Biz award? What did you do? I Stood a photo that had my hands just hand drawing but there wasn't even a sneak of areola there wasn't a tongue or a glossed lip. Like it wasn't that sexualized was I lifting them a little higher than their natural droop. Of course. I was honey. Yeah, it's Instagram. You want to look your best, of course, you know, and so yeah, I had a hand drawn and I posted a photo of it in my story just like, you know showing off the sleeves of my goddamn outfit because they were amazing. Yes, gorgeous and I got a warning the post was taken down. From my story which is usually pretty fun and smutty. Yeah, usually respectful but have done way worse and been flagged for shit, but this one photo gave me a warning and there's nothing like that feeling where you haven't checked your phone in 30 seconds. Yeah, that's a lot to ask for today when you haven't checked your phone, and then you open up the app of Instagram. Let's say and it just immediately hits you with that notice and you can't access it scary for a minute. Like please don't tell me this is forever, please just let me see. See my notifications, please please, please. Yeah, I'd be lying. If I didn't say that that like literally paralyzed me right in the moment. Well, yeah, of course. It's like almost losing your phone for a second absolutely. But see that's how you can tell that you're starting to get pretty popular and social media once things start to get flagged and people start reporting you once you start. Yes, you have to start following the rules a little bit more Laura no hand bras, right so I can't find a consistent clear rule book rule book for social media. And I think that they owe it to us at this point. I agree. I agree. It's interesting to see what some people can get away with and what others can do you believe in the the adult Entertainer sex worker bias that they are specifically targeted. Yes. I do you hashtag Zara thing? Yeah, they might have image recognition to some level of development that can you know respond to I don't know if it's nudity. I don't know if it's a certain silhouette like I don't know what kind of recognition That they have but of course, it feels deliberate. Yeah, it feels very targeted. Yeah, and you know the greatest heartache of all is how many women people use social media for their business? Oh, yeah. I mean a lot of people invest in their Instagram page more than they would their own website. Oh, yeah. Like we said, it's the new resume absolutely who carries that around him and most people don't need to have a website no more. If you have like an Instagram, it's also a little crazy that a certain fall. Or count will give someone an advantage. It's a cattle call job offer. Yeah, that breaks my heart because there are so many people that they don't want to play into the machine of social media. They don't they just they want to try and live their life. Organically. I guess the good old days and then they apply for a job in there, you know shafted by some fucking bimbo who's got ninety thousand followers more than them are just intent like it's just that the little the job if it's like if it's about your social media following it usually has to have a job that like has to do With promotion. Look I've got the whole only reason that they want that I can't disagree with a company wanting to value that especially when it's based on, you know popularity and that is their demographic people on Instagram. Like I can't argue it. I just think like hey that really sucks for people that are trying to stand out without having to be a slave. Yeah, they're Instagram or at least, you know, make it a complication for themselves. You have to be slave to somebody but then if you're Atlas slave to your own social media, at least it's your own shit. So you're not just like answering the somebody else or answering An agent or having like a webmaster, you know how long it would take for a good girls that I knew to get like new scenes and new photos that's on their website sometimes weeks and months because they'd have to go through several people and would be on somebody else's time. Like there is a beauty of like social media that you're able to promote yourself in real time and not even his models like makeup artists and dancers and photographers. I mean like there is like some negative like man, you have to be on that a lot to really make it worthwhile. But hey, if you're down to self-promote and your trying to build up your actual Brands, you know, it actually can also be a testament on how hard you work as an individual professional a Brands. It's a it's a proof of your work and when you think about it, I mean everything's timestamp. Yep. You can track the statistics on how much attention to post gets. Yeah, ultimately it is the the ultimate resume it to actually show how much time you put into it like and to see what kinds of strategies you're putting into place. So I got it. Yeah, it makes sense. Is that this phenomenon of social media would fuse so much with you know, the Ambitions we have in our life and the way that we go about getting them. I do understand the the plight of like especially like mainstream like models and dancers who are like well, you know almost like the undercutting that we talked about like in Horn. It's like well these social media people will do things and brand deals and promo. Sometimes are way cheaper than like, you know, a professional supermodel would let you get an Instagram model who has like maybe five hundred thousand followers of Promote whatever you want to so I mean I have heard of that where it's like, oh some of the great jobs are going to influencers. And so and so's just because of their following. Well, that's just it do you get absolutely like like shotgunned and or should use a shotgun machine-gunned with turn to shoot me or I don't know. What do you got to be really really worked up about it? And I've clearly gone to reach in this gun crazy culture. Love got a weapon My Love Gone. Do you not get Totally just attacked by people trying to get you to sponsor shit on your social media. I'm gonna be really honest with you. I have my my email my Instagram emails separate. So I I only check that like basically not really. I'm one of the few people that I don't use my social media for like crazy sponsorships for like, you know flat tummy teas or any of that bullshit. But I mean, hey, this is I'm open to the idea of good sponsors, but like for the most part no, I'm promoting myself. Like my whole thing is like my Instagram and social Unless somebody is like paying me and having like a part of their brand then no I'm using my my Instagram and social media for me. So not really so I mean, I know some people do and also that's a little side note too is that it's hard to get legitimate good sponsorships and good attention and to actually take some good jobs when you are an adult Entertainer to so we get that text message mama, I would imagine so, you know, it's the way that sex is with business and the Fear of cancel culture today like you got it these huge companies, you know, even the ones in between even the ones that are up and coming that do have a lot of ground swell around them even getting close to sex. Mmm. It's terrifying. That's why you're seeing content that might even be educational getting shot down getting shot down whether it's on YouTube. I know people that are completely banned from YouTube for posting educational sex information. Yes anything it's if we can't even use it as an educational. A tional yeah, we're really we're really trying to avoid making any Headway for the lives of sex workers and you know the humanity that exist within that there's so many people that identify that way and we're refusing to even acknowledge, even an educational elements using the answer questions about the time which is crazy and fuck. I mean, I think it's worth mentioning that you know, we had people that you know liked and respected both of us, but also weren't comfortable yet with being on a podcast show like this. Yeah. They have to talk. I know what I mean. Now, we're kind of near the end of the season but let's talk about it was it was it was a challenge, you know, you might know a lot of people and have great industry Network friends and connections, right? You know that bridge person to the mainstream because that's you know, supposedly all it takes you just got out that mainstream Bridge person to support you, but seriously, like there was a lot of you know, hope to try and get more of the mainstream in this room to talk about sex and to really I share their perspectives on where we are as a culture. And yeah, man, it's funny how sex will even you know, push a friend back because it's just not something they talk they'd rather talk about, you know, straight politics and maybe take a stance on you know, I don't know Trump or something and it just people don't want to come in and talk about sex. Yeah. They're a little nervous about their their image about saying something maybe that they can't take back or being called out in some ways like we were going to talk to we want to talk to some For media people and like as interested as people kind of act like they are somebody who wants to have like a real conversation where they're going to be ask some serious questions of why is there a problem? I just think they owe it to us the big platforms to set it straight. What are your firm Community guidelines? What are the consequences? You know, how many chances do we get before we strike out like just lay it out for us. Yeah because nobody wants to say no, I / we are judging you and Holding you back and feel a certain way, but you kind of can't avoid that if you're asked certain questions. So I feel like you know, we've had that again would like your friends certain friends not wanting to come on. It's like no we support you but we don't necessarily want to support you publicly yet. At least until possibly this becomes a bigger thing right until our our discomfort around sex blows over. Yeah. We're done by 2021. Yeah sure if hey your show becomes viral, that'd be really cool. Then I'll totally come on and promote my brand enough of a population. People for us. Yeah, and of course when you're a big success with a fan following yeah. Yeah. I mean, you can't put that in danger, of course not and then it's like hey, oh my God, you have an audience and everybody who doesn't love an audience. Yeah, so but I mean then again, look at how slow runners here as if we we know the experience and the pressures that it is to be on top of you know, the oh, I don't feel I don't know but I mean, yeah, but I mean, I just speak from my own experience as shit. I'd like to try to get to a top. Top point but at the same time it's also important to acknowledge that getting to the top or whatever that version is has its own like pluses and minuses and struggles same with you. I mean, you don't even do porn and you are still and here look here's the thing with how we're policing it on social media. Is that right? Now there is like we're talking about this Fear Factor paranoia that is so prominent in our experience interacting with social media. And if they don't want to change that, yeah, they Can it's a control unit to see Kim Kardashian's nipples, but not your mind. It's the most influential form of influence. I mean influential form of influence. Yeah, he's exactly exactly Laura. You know, it's the most it's the most popular thing we do with our day it no completely. It's the it's where we get all all of our information all of our deciding factors. Our personal motivation like it's just it's social media is everything and right. Now if you can isolate a group of people like sex workers and control it and make it feel like they could be shut down at any minute. They're going to keep that control. Of course it just trying to keep us in line and hey, there are some bad seeds and bad eggs, like even in the industry that like just break the rules on every site just to do it to try to be like over controversial, you know, if I can see your butthole areola as I call it. That dark little ring around your ass if you're bent over in a G-string that's probably not Instagram safe. And if Instagram takes it down throwing a whole rant and Rave like that's kind of working against our is there some time the bot hole Ariel movement are you know, I feel like there should be for the amount of like asshole rings that I see on Instagram, and I'm like dude well in that case, they're not necessarily judging you and holding your bag You're just showing your fucking asshole. So really easy Photoshop fix. Thank you. Pull a couple filters. That's all I do all day long. So I hate to say it in some ways like some people who get deleted like flat-out deserve to be deleted. But hey, I've had head shots taken off of like fucking Instagram before and it's like and it's that weird conundrum of like I've mentioned this on like the panel's but like I'm verified on social media, right? But I'm also Shadow band. So you need to know my my Twitter and Instagram handle to find me or search me and tags because of I would it's a very interesting thought process like no kidding. You acknowledge me, but She did verifying did getting your account verified. Was that a + or - did you see like an increase in say people doing fake accounts? After that? There's always a me fake account. There's so many fonts to get a certain following either way. I'm sure this fake accounts of you to Laura. You've probably get on them. They keep an eye on people like messaging you might be married. I've had like somebody come to like a feature dance show and said, I've been talking to you for months for money as like email threads and of course like the person who's talking to like doesn't have a webcam. Pam and like doesn't have a phone or they can take pictures. This is know. I've been talking to you for a week. You told me to come pick you up at your fucking dance gig tonight matching if he went he did he came to my gig. Oh that's terrifying know and that's happened to like girls like Danny Daniels before where like people come up and said you told me to come like save you from your husband and take you away from all this Danny's married, not me but like it is and I can imagine if that guy like, you know showed up with any intent but like it gives scary. A tool to you know invite people to your events. Yeah, and other people are using social media like as me against me to take advantage to basically take advantage of my fans and act like I'm saying and doing certain things. So I've had fans hate me because of it and it but it is it's scary. So there's really there's plus and minuses of of all of it but getting verified it did help at least so I could say like this is my official profile if you like talk to any other ones without it. Check mark, there's a huge possibility you're getting flat-out scammed. So there's only so much I can do but at the same time like if people are going to have fakes of me, it is kind of important that I'm on the platforms and have official profiles. Absolutely. So I mean, it's the only way they're like, you know, really legitimize the whole thing. And yeah. Hey, here's where here's where this joke ends. Yeah my verified account. I would love I think you could do multiple fan accounts of all the different Laura Desiree's I mean I bet there's more than you think I mean have you ever done? If I mean like Laura Desiree brunette Bob wig, yeah for a Desiree long blond hair Laura Desiree like damn I've got so many full realistic galleries of me and different looks that you could literally build a different Laura Desiree fan page with each of those. Look somebody please do it. I will come pray to that Temple at least somebody compiled us a list at some point show us all the random Laura Desiree because I'm sure there's like some that are like different countries like my name. Has like a bee from Spain and it's like you in a red wig and if you have no it's a it is the craziest thing though. No, you don't know who those people are social media. Is that incredible tool for good and evil person wants to take someone's identity and be them that like, I just seen that show Catfish. Of course, I love that fish. I also love the movie The Talented. Mr. Ripley which kind of plays with that as well. I mean it's fascinating because it's the last thing I would ever want to do. Do you know how frustrating and exhausting it is to manage my life. I just threw myself. Unlike come up with realistic scenarios that this you know, this this identity this Alias or this, you know other person I'm impersonating. That is a lot. Yeah Conger. Yeah, I think maybe that's why some people do it like they're sick of being themselves and I want to be a Hollywood script because they're leave no character development, you know, like literally that's a forte of yours you guys literally built this person into an identity. Go ahead and write a fucking Hollywood script. Well, I mean maybe part of that look you love erotic novels do they are kind of like that little fantasy like because there have been like I've seen Kat fish episodes where their kids corresponding with this person for weeks buns. I love you. I need you and then they see them in person. Yeah, and then it's nothing. Well, that's that's just it is that I look if I do choose to convert, I don't really converse with a profile that I don't know that person. Mmm, you know, like there's maybe one or two and even the style of how we talk to each other over DM's varied if I haven't met you personally, it's just like, oh thank you, but I got it all I would never let them like Get to a point of being able to Blackmail me. Like I don't know that that's not that's a wonderful Instagram person. Yeah, you know, but if I don't know them personally or haven't met them or they don't have a blue verified check mark which helps then I don't invest for sure that I am in my I mean, we are smart woman and I shouldn't I love all of you out there all you social media people you guys are the best. I'm serious about that like it's fun, but I'm sure you understand. I'm sure you would agree that. We are strangers in that setting mmm. I think somebody was just love the mystery like oh, I don't know who I'm talking to the could be anybody that could be the love of my life. So it's just that fantasy. I think he would say our love here. Meet me on social media and have no idea what I'm actually like in real life. Yeah, you know, look at my photos. Look at how good I look all of its face tuned, you know, like so many people just want to be known on Instagram and on social media whether it's for friend relationships intimate relationships business, like some people just prefer to be known there because he is Space that they can control. Yeah, what how do you treat your social media? Is it all very professional? You don't really post too much about your personal lives really a tough one because I just attended a panel at X Biz where it was a business strategies panel and it was advised very strongly in a you should know this by now tone that you don't have a profile for your business. That's also your personal profile. Like, you know, I look I think in this business in particular like I'm in and Attainment. Yeah, but you're also you in a right and it's personality-based. Yeah, I don't see any reason why fusing those two things is bad. I don't eat it's always been great for me. In fact, it helps me, you know streamline my workflow because I just post it to one place. But you know, I do get it in having that separation between you know, your public life. Yeah, your brand and your private life for sure. You know, I still have a great amount of privacy in my Life and I really do keep that locked down. Yeah, I think it's very easy to keep certain things off of social media. Just don't post it on social media. You don't want people to see who you're dating and fucking don't post a picture with that person like so it is I feel like it is relatively. I mean, that's probably the only like look I love sharing my personal life on social media. I really do I've had great experience with it wonderful conversations with people. I've never met in real life, but I know that I need to for my own sanity. Keep a large section. I mean like my private life. It is a very spacious home, you know, it's a spacious home with many comfortable rooms and I need it. Yes. I need to be able to go there. Yeah, you need to be able to shut off. Absolutely. There should be a slight chipper separation of what they call like church and state but I do also agree that like if your brand is you and you're being honest and authentic in your true self most of the time like it's okay to post like, you know talk like selfie or a little story when you're not wearing Makeup and you're talking about your day. Like that's enough. That's that's a beautiful, you know way to actually have that. Yeah real connection available on your page on social media. You probably shouldn't do that when you have kids in the neck, right like yeah. Yeah exactly. I mean it is you really gotta choose it and frame it the right way because ultimately it's still you presenting how you want people to see it. Yes. I would get really concerned about having like an identity crisis if I didn't have both of them on one. Yeah, me too. But at the same time like I do, I know Laura Desiree has some levels to her. There's Lord Desiree like top performer, you know reading scripts hosting shows non-stop banter those, you know, Laura Desiree chill mode there and she also is active on my social media, you know, but then there's Laura Desiree no makeup burned out after five straight days of appearances or Walking or whatever it might be on camera. Yeah and like that person literally watches King Of The Hill in bed under 5 blankets on a laptop. I love King of the Hill. It's probably the most real version of Laura does the right to I love Hank Hill though. She's real though like and propane accessories. Oh my God, bro blind a broken and Brittany Murphy does the voice right? That's right. She does the voice away just the whole idea of how perfectly Americana it is to be so firm in your nuclear home. And your home setting your family, it's our way. We do our Burgers medium. Well, you can't have it any other way because that's the American way. I just love that show America baby and it's just great when I'm turn we have story here. Yeah. I know. It's great to turn your head off to so surviving social media. I need to have that blanketed five episodes. Non-stop King of the Hill. Oh my God. He especially in my industry like the shit that like people would like say to each other like over social media like fucking I've been called out on social media and the funniest thing is that really for like not wanting to fuck people. We can't do that now. You can't be like you're a bitch for not wanting to fuck me you ugly whore. We'd like to suck. We never been so sensitive to confront each other about issues were having in our friendships in our relationships. But we've also never been so open about sharing it putting people on blast not like a love calling each other out on social media, even when it's unnecessary and you know when you get into a beef with someone on social media even like even the smallest bit of shit talk. Yeah, you're real life personal relationships also are affected by it. Yeah. Yeah have a nap and I don't care because I'm saying it on this and if anyone tries to fucking take it, look we have stamp bitch look, especially the Millennials and the the ones that came after the Millennials so that the youngest generation or there's probably another one even before that whatever we're having all this inability to speak to each other in real life, you know, social media makes it very convenient to ghost. Yeah. Send emojis instead of words. Yeah. So I was like, what about an app where if you're having beef with a friend? And you guys aren't talking but no one wants to confront the other person and say you know what? I'm ready to give up this beef. I'm ready to give up this attitude. I'm ready to be friends again. So I want to call it rekindle and what you do is you get a notification if someone's looking to just kind of be like, hey, I'm ready to receive your updates. I'm ready to see you on my social media. I'm ready to receive your messages. You could even have like a sliding scale. Maybe you block them from actually sending you texts and you just get a notice on the Other and hey so-and-so has you know ice do I don't know. Maybe that's a maybe pay me $500 like Nikki. That's true. We can make them pay us like Nikki, but read Kendall just to be like because the first part of wanting to reconnect with someone is the hardest like hey, I know we fought so I'm saying make it easy get an update from rekindle the best. This person's ready to receive your little Bing. I admit I was wrong notification. Thank you. That would change the game. No because being able to do it that way, you know what, you know when you really you miss Learn from someone but you left it on a bad note. So you send just an emoji and you're like, how could you do that? I do it all the time. If I fought with a friend what ho G anything something weird to catch their attention because I want to live in a Big Burrito, but I want to let them know that I'm ready to talk again and I miss talking to them. Yes, but I don't have the words shocking right but I don't have the words for how to break the ice. So that's why I want rekindle. I like that get those motherfuckers in Silicon Valley. Oh, yeah, though there has there should be like an xblock feature because you know a bunch of shitty. Dudes are going to be trying to use that to get back with like they're girls and be a bunch of little notification on girl's phone Yang be blowing like Mike wants to chat with you and she just throws her phone across the room like fuck you. I just think if I could literally if I'm fighting with someone and I could not see their social media posts. Yeah. Are you like a cutter? I'm a pretty cut off person once if like, I'm not in on speaking terms with anybody anymore and I'm human. I stalk their social media. We're still on social media stalk them but like yeah. Every once in a while, I'll be like hey, what's that person up to really and I've never like great now that I see their whole life. Let's get back to fucking it up like, you know, you know, like I just of course as a human people look because it typed in their exes name on social media just to see what happened to them. Dude. I've dated X is that flat out say that they still no stock their axes, which is like a creepy tidbits and now because then you know that they're doing that about you absolutely now that's like that's a little bit of a terrorist attack terrifying side here of social media is that It's opened up an entire Wonderland for stocking everybody. I've everybody cyberstalk see each other a little bit. If we just thought we talked about this before like the first thing sometimes people ask for nowadays is your Instagram or Twitter. I know what what has happened to the way that we don't know if it's flirting or make our first impression. But how many times have you been out somewhere and in the old days they'd say hey, so what's your name? Yeah, which what are you all about? Yeah. Can I get your number nowadays? How many times has someone fucking opened up Instagram? Hit the search bar and slip their phone across the bar to me without even saying hello without even just like put your shit in there. Yeah following shit in there. It's always follow me. Yeah, let's take a picture together. Tag me. Let's take a picture together tag me sometimes that's the first thing you hear ya. Hey. Hey getting a selfie. Oh, yeah, and hey some time. What are you time? I'm a person, you know, I love a good like picture and selfie. It's a you know, it's a great. It's a great little social moment, especially for somebody who's like big talker not incredibly social it's you know, it's gonna picture and then we and then we all did something to prove but That is the new handshake in the end. That's it. And it's not memorable at all to me. And sometimes it's almost like a ploy to do you think that especially in places like La they want to see that so they can see and judge how much respect to house for you goes back to what you were saying because nowadays we value people. We you know decide them a worth a lot of it is based on a follower count little bit Yeah success money followers, I think follows is kind of like the new life. Like honey obscure money job. It kind of is yeah attention. It really is doesn't want attention. How many people are watching you? Yeah, you know do I want to be a part of that? Yeah. Is it going to benefit me? Well, I get more watches those who do and it's like hey, I get it nowadays that it can be so easily translated into money like you promote the right thing those I love fucking sorry. I know I hit a bubble in my body. Oh, I know. Yeah if we have a season to we've already decided we're having a full ASMR episode where we just like a whisper and talk and tap shit. Get like really really erotic and into it. Yeah, we're going to turn all the lights down low. We're going to really we're going to get it really but I learned that even to from from YouTube. So you need to have a YouTube channel. That is I think also want to go back to like being different on social media platforms. Do you like the idea social as in were glued together right now? Oh, how dare you try and separate you worry where we are. We are conjoined twins, Romy your never escaping me. That's not what I meant. Never. Leave me. I love you. You she's my work wife. But but no like you know, how you have like your professional Instagram. Like I feel like you know YouTube would be an amazing place for you to like show yourself for who you are. I do like the platform. All right now where I am with the amount of nudity and nude Laura online Love nude Laura. I love nude Laura to but nothing excites me more I love clothes content right now. Yeah, I mean, it's so good. It to honestly I just like okay, I'm ready for the controversy. I feel so much more visible in close when it comes to the things I'm saying. Yeah the message the shit. I want to talk about. I mean, I mean, can you blame anybody? I mean, I like I like the loop you always look sexy. So I mean, you're naturally like a natural sex appeal but you know, at least when you're close that Unfortunately they can't look at your nipples. I have to look at your eyes and if they're listening to you for an extended period of time, they're probably just And I don't think that changing people's attitude towards nudity as a sexual thing is, you know necessarily changing in me sitting with them naked with a microphone talking to them. There's other ways of doing it because right now, you know, I love being naked. Yes. I love it. It's so much fun. It's impossible to do on social media. That's the thing too. And that's it's dangerous. Even the post, you know, a little blips over boob. So like you're hurting your own contents if you can't Some promo well, and so I am so excited to contribute more to say YouTube or do I need tick tock? It's about Tick Tock is more for like music if you want to if you like to kind of play and tease you but you would that that almost you have to be a little bit more not dedicated to but like people take time to Blake put together cute videos. So you have to it is more of a I mean in a way I do love to dance and saying I love to dance and sing and I always wanted to be you know the greatest female. L filmmaker of all time so I think it might be an opportunity for me to put some short films out perhaps and you can always like duel I hope so you post on Tick-Tock on YouTube. Yeah, because Tick-Tock is like very short videos. Yeah, but I could do a really great series about yeah, I'm sure people have been Tick-Tock famous people have been famous like from those kinds of little and member Vine like the other can I hear it's kind of like a Vine. It is a good music Vine essentially but like influencers have come from those apps and that's what's always been so fascinating to me to about that. Shit that like, you know, the new YouTubers are like the new millionaires these fucking teenagers and that's another I understand why these companies are going to like not even these kids but like people like with these social media following it's also so much cheaper for them. Oh my God, so like employ these people Winters don't know how to negotiate their worth. Yeah, but also sometimes they're getting great money because they don't need a whole team to really back that mean how much something really neat exactly, you know, so it's like little amount of work decent pay a check. Yeah, that's a win for them. And you know, they have like 5 million followers and all somebody wants you to do is like do a 30-second shout out of their brand or company like I get it is there like a chart that we can refer to where there's this this rate for followers at people with this amount of followers. You know what I mean? Like when it comes to sponsorships and doing paid work and and giving a post to a brand do we have do we need something like that? People are always I mean fucking I'm talking about like porn people always so afraid of King about like the pain numbers because everybody gets paid something slightly different and then there are some people at the top of the wrong that are getting paid like fucking 50 Grand a shout out and some people were getting paid like, you know hundred so, I think it does depend on the level and the shout out and again, unfortunately your fan base. Yeah, but I need someone to do all the papers. I need someone to talk numbers crunched them down multiply them. Tell me what you'd give me now. I had like three million polymer but like it be But I mean, would anyone be happy though, you know, it's there. So motherfuckers out there with like 500 followers and they're like, yeah this posed this would cost you 20 grand. Sometimes there are people with bat, you know concept or a lot that they don't understand. Yeah, we got to think highly of yourself, of course and you never know. They could go viral and businesses have their own impression of what's yes, you can you can go so much further than just the follower count as well. Yeah, you can actually break down those statistics of Those followers are I mean this is why there are people that are dedicated to studying this shit, you know, you can even look at your Instagram analytics. It'll show you where your Allah lowers are from like the city's there from the countries are from how many percentages are men are women. It's really really utilize any of that. Do I just look it does tell you even like, you know, what post were more the most popular what times was the most popular find out to your future interactions? I don't believe when people say that they're really is like a best time. I mean I've seen that That like kind of proven and debunked. I do think you know posting slightly earlier in the day is like a good little trick, but that's also because timezones like some people are like going to sleep by like the middle of the day. Oh, yeah, you're up there gone exactly. So I think there's those little tips and tricks but in generally speaking, I would say like run your social media. I'd like is honestly as you can and promote yourself people always think they have the right stuff, but sometimes you look at their page and be like, well you have a nice final orenstein. I like my women followers a lot. I have some dope women followers. Like there's a lot of like love threads in my DMs where it's like five or six accounts of just fucking awesome chicks amazing women that like, you know how great it is when you are someone who lives very, you know, sexually on social media and like yeah, it's although show tits. I want to fuck you look at your face, you know how to look at your face. Look at your face when someone messages you on there just like I'm a chick and I know this is it it's adorably lame of me to say but it touches my heart when you get that message that says like hey, I'm just a chick. You don't know me, but I want to let you know that I love following your page and your badass and thanks for being awesome. Don't ever quit it. That's amazing. It's so simple and like I mean it like I always am like oh it warms you. Oh, yes. Yeah like the powering it is that's gonna push you need something. So like ladies out there. I will always Plays just Embrace that as deeply as possible and hope to return it. Yeah, ladies because I watch your shit to your shit. Like keeps me going. I learn a lot from that. Yeah, I do. I learned a lot of ladies and ladies give compliments sometimes differently to and appreciate different things so know I love the woman fans. I love the couple fan. Yeah. Let's bring it in. Do you ever do anything then you get the guys that try. They're like my wife loves you that that will you get that? I think that's that's my classic always my swinger experience. It's always a hey I'm not saying I hate it, but it's getting to a point where you feel like. It's kind of beatlemania if I show up at a swingers convention because it's just husband's running up to me being like my wife my wife my wife. You know what I'd love to meet her just going to be a whole front lines of West and but back please don't be her representative. Hmm. Yeah now and since we love consent just just you know, what maybe don't keep her physically in your Shadow while Saying it to me. Yeah, because that's not hot dude. For sure. Yeah now like how many times that's I see that a lot and again but I love that that's incredible. The fact that that's your thing. You know, it's if you're into some shame. Yeah, if you didn't bring your sunscreen, I get it's going to get hot in here. Yeah. Yeah. No. No, it's just the effect it soon. I mean that's your effect that you have on people but it's a whole different experience to when a woman says something and that's a beautiful thing about social media. So it's like I love it and I hate it like You know, I was on a panel and I think they expected me to talk more shit about social media and I'm like in my opinion has been the best thing that's happened to independent contractors and especially for like adult entertainers like we're hella censored but at the same time we're extremely followed you feel like it's activated a part of people's brains in your industry that has never been or hasn't been worked enough. Yeah. I totally do I think it's been a lot more motivating. I think it's been really empowering it showed women and men and like trans everybody. Of all shapes and sizes that like, you know, you have a platform you have a voice it goes into the unfortunate woke Millennial thing, like everybody has a goddamn platform. But at the same time it's kind of great that everybody has a platform. Some people are annoying as fuck on their platform but shit, I just think professional victims is a you know, a new it's a new thing. It's like a whole industry. Now, I feel like there are a lot of people that are professional victims online and Detective call-outs. Like they'll find ways to attack. There's so much more to do with one's life in the actual physical existing world around you than be a professional victim and wait for the violins of your followers to strike and come to your rescue. I don't get it. It's clogging the system with shit. Yeah, if you're going to be on social media, you do have to have something of a thick skin in general professional victims are just the hair in the drain of the shower. We're trying to like clean ourselves off. Our confessions shed some layers. We ourselves be sexy hopefully naked and nothing can actually like, you know move forward. Yes. These motherfuckers are in the way saying. Oh my God, I'm so offended by this. I'm so up a cancel that cancel this I'm offended by this boycott this yeah, I mean fight and you're friends with a lot of comedians like you so uneven on that side. We talk about adult entertainment but like, you know, social media and call-outs and sensitivity has offended comedians people's accounts get shut down. Which in many ways that's not accounts. I'm by accounts. This is funny. What a Freudian slip. I mean careers, you know, it is entire career easy in today's day and age, you know, we're only entertain with anyone. I mean most famously Louis, but even Kevin Hart's been through it. I mean people digging up shit from years ago online. That's just it's just ridiculous forcing him to apologize right or else like gather going to take away current opportunities. It's a very intricate it does depend on the situation for sure. It's so fleeting. Come on it but some media and it's you know, it's meant to be something of a livejournal just passing comments here you have to go was meant for like shock value. Everything posted on Twitter was like an asshole remark. Well, I mean, we also never had this ability to reach so many people that's the thing too. So we talked about, you know responsibility to our audience. So when he talks about people even in making porn do we have responsibility in general as people on social media or is that At like, you know when people expect the television to raise their kids like where is the responsibility really? Is there any well social media raises your children now it does. Oh my God, that's yeah you Netflix. Everybody's waiting for that like, yeah. It's a it's a it's a I can't wait to see survivors of social media Rehabilitation clinics and the future. I can't wait to see this, you know actual social influence. Mmm, you know the Troubles of it because as Continue to go with this egomania and build these vanity projects and you know further distance ourselves from reality as we feed this profile that's not actually us. It's just a profile that we don't own it belongs to Instagram. That's true. They have the privacy in rdms bitch. Yeah, so I'll so yeah people are going to need to recover from this. This is going to be some like PTSD that's going to be experienced from people that have lost their reality through social media. I I do think it's going to get like even Morris and even deeper. Like, you know, we're going to get into a time where of semi virtual reality world. There's always going to be a new social media. Now, it's only going to get more these were more connected so bad at technology God too late. I can hardly edit a video. Wow help you need to know how to do a little bit. There are apps for that sweetheart. No like my avatar. If it's left up to me to make is not going to be kissed me a stick figure. Yeah, I mean, but that nobody cares like I don't know how to draw and build and code. I don't know but that's An easier over time. I'm really kind of dumb. I teach in schools way. They teach coding in schools. Yeah, like are fucking jealous. Well, then I guess I'm there. We were doing the typing thing. It goes faster type. Remember when people acted like we needed that well now our phone is a mini computer. We can voice text we can like literally dictate. Well, they do say like scientifically our necks. We have like more neck prom because we're hunched over looking over like this more like they say that's actual like a physical thing more not only is the evolution has set into my own. Back, I noticed it at times I yeah hinge from the neck. Oh like I do have my neck more definitely. You know what? I'm not ashamed if you're going to get huge. Yeah, very strong are very like great fingers, but it's a beautiful thing for my business. But you know what? I think this is a perfect time to plug our social media Outlets. Hey, yeah, I can hear for it. Absolutely. Follow me on Twitter. Romy underscore rain. I'm verified don't get scammed. I'm on Instagram Romi Rain verified don't get scammed. I'm on YouTube youtube.com Romy Ray. I try to use that even more this year also keep an eye out it for like trailers for a mouthful. So I mean I'm gonna be using that shit to my advantage keep on keeping on I have an only fans only fans.com. /ro me underscore rain. That's you can get some naughty stuff. I'm on many vids Romi Rain dot many of its.com. I'm on I want Clips search Romi Rain. I have a website Romi Rain.com. You can also find me on Snapchat that I don't use it much but I'm still there and what else else that I get everything I Google me. I'm a big old slut. But yeah, you know what follow me everywhere on the internet, you know, you want to all the internet is porn. Where can I find you on the internet Laura? Holy shit. Can I just say that? She's the ultimate like like Boss Bitch lunch lady when it comes to dishing out so much content as well like so, you know, if you haven't checked her out and aren't following her yet. It is something you need to do immediately because you will never go hungry. You will never go hungry. Okay, you can find me. My one most active and most beloved mother fucking account. If anything happens to it, you're going to have to literally put out a missing person's ad my Instagram. You can find me at Laura X Desiree or just type in Laura Desiree and I'm sure it's one of many. Hopefully we've got a whole gang of us. Just look for the me. You know, you'll see it's the one that has the link to something called my premium Snapchat. My premium Snapchat is where you can get a whole whack of uncensored fun unlocked just for you. I love putting content on that and of course interacting with all you awesome people. There's also a link to my fans own page and that again unlocks Galleries and videos and private chat functions and access to my live video streams all on my fans own page through my naked news anchor page so you can find that on my Instagram Laura X Desiree do it spoil me excited. Oh, yeah an Amazon wish list. Yeah. I did for a while. Nothing happened. I mean to make another one. I'm ready. Now. It's all Bully Laura. She's gonna make a YouTube channel Amazon wish list can be very exciting. That's right. Well, thank you all for tuning in. Thanks so much for tuning in everybody. It's been a blast and stay tuned because we got a whole lot more of a mouthful with Laura and row me to come.