Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care.In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the stigma and taboo surrounding post-traumatic stress disorder and mental health issues.In this episode you will hear how Paula and Jake fought the demons and now are running a successful real estate business. I should add that. We did experience some audio difficulties between the 3 minute Mark and 3:15 marks. So if you want to fast forward at that time, thank you. Hey, what's going on? Everyone got the 72 real estate investor here. You know, this is going to be take two we try to do this yesterday and due to technology we had to redo this episode, but that's okay because it was amazing content yesterday, and I'm just really happy to have Both Jake and Paula on the episode and the video today. This is you know, probably one of the videos or podcasts that you know, I anticipated the most personally just because of what Paul and Jacob had to do in life called the worst hand in poker 7 to did you guys know, you know, we can't can't control the hand you're dealt we can control how you play these hands and both Jake and Paula the hands they were dealt, you know has a soft spot for me and what they've been dealing. Dealing with and how they've been able to turn it around and this is just real shit. And this happens, you know, we put our check our egos at the door and I just love what they've done and how the turning around and you've got an amazing family. So, you know what? I just need to get Paula and Jake talking guys are tired of hear me talking. So let's let's start Jake Paula. Welcome to the podcast. We're having us. Thanks Mark really appreciate it super honored to be on here. Thank you very much. It's it's awesome. I think you know what today we're going to Some stigmas. I don't give a shit what people say we're ending some stigmas. This is going to be a podcast of power and strength and vulnerability which is power so answering so it just a test that Circle. So before we get to what we want to get to and I know a lot of folks want to hear about real estate investing and what Paul and Jake are doing because you're doing some amazing stuff in a real estate investing sphere. So but before that, let's let's let's let's chat. Let's what's your story before? Real estate investing because we're you know, where do you guys come from? I know you guys have a beautiful family got four children, right? Yeah, and I just found that you guys have a cat or a couple of cats. I could probably jumping on your lap here pretty soon. And and before we even do that, I mean, I remember I think what caught my attention was one of your projects and remember seeing Paula painting at the Mill the night with a baby and his little ugly and a front of her and I said, this is awesome. Right? So this is no HDTV BS. This is the real Stuff. So yeah, go ahead. Yeah Paul and I are married live in London Ontario. Now with our four kids, I grew up in Sarnia and hold her up in Forest. I've been a paramedic for 15 years. Apollo was a paramedic for 13 years no longer does that and it's kind of raises up to do it today, and we're kind of just focused on our business good for you guys. Doing things and back, but what did you do about the light all dinner when I think is interesting? He's supposed to be there, but I ended up being there and then later on that year another crappy call end up being a shooting and it was two teenagers that were shot. One was one was a fatal injury and the other was pretty destructive facial injury, and I guess the issue with that call for me was it stemmed around fear? So we're in the middle of the country police were 20 minutes away. And we're left to deal with like what's been happening there. So anyway that what that's kind of what started the whole process with me. I didn't really figure out what was happening to me or like I guess want to accept what's happening to me until about 2015. So for three years, I kind of lived with the symptoms of post-traumatic stress, you know, I had like the nightmares and I was terrified of everything like I could if I had to leave the house or go to the car I was running I assumed that everyone was going to shoot me. I thought I was going to be shot at some point. So anyway, I live like that for three years and it just became normal. It's just how I lived and eventually I got to a breaking point and I thought help and I was taken off work for 15 months and I did I did eventually go back to work full time after the 15 months, but I just never felt safe going back. I always kind of had that. Here in the back of my mind and even though I knew that my fear was irrational at that point it was still there. So yeah, I ended up leaving that job and first I had some regrets because that's you know, it's all my friends did and it became my life. Like it's still did it and I kind of felt like I was like that I'd like quit or given up which is like something that I never played anything. So I had some issues with that but finding real estate and heading down that path. I no longer have any regrets about quitting being a paramedic. It's been so healthy for me and I can't wait for the day that Jake is done as well. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So for me kind of similar, I was diagnosed with PTSD and depression just recently actually, so I just I just finished being off of work for a year had treatment. That year felt better coming back in. You know, what coming back in I was like this isn't this isn't gonna I'm not gonna I'm not going to be able to do this for 25 more years, right? So yeah, you know during that time we kind of decided to focus on real estate just as a means to Escape, right? So for me mine was a little different I've done the job at that time probably around 14 years and just over the years everything accumulated right and you know what I could kind of see see it coming. I knew it I was like like, you know, I could just the straw was coming to break the camel's back and Yeah, sorry. I just remember. I wanted to drive my car into oncoming traffic. You know what I had a family it's brand-new daughter at that time to and thankfully I didn't do that. Yeah, and I was point where I was like, I gotta get help and I went off work and had support my family. It's for my employer to and then yeah, it was about a year treatment. I still going to treatment now too, but I'm back at work full duties and Yeah, just kind of gave us I think both of us speak for apologist perspective kind of what's what's important in life. Right? Like I had it all I had family brand-new amazing daughter. Yeah. I still I still wanted to kill myself. So yeah, sorry going and yeah, so that was a year ago. Now things are going well now still doing treatment and back at work and football and I again our focus on work. And towards that doing a real estate full-time, you know, I love you guys. This is just you guys are really inspiring and you know what, you know, just from about what you guys are just doing in the real estate sphere. But I mean, this is this is powerful. This is powerful stuff, you know prior to you know, 20 years ago 22 years ago. I was a real sorry real estate. I was not real estate a I was a respiratory therapist at just graduated from school. I went to school with many paramedics and I remember I mean I worked you know, I spent like 50 Grand in student loans to work in a hospital setting for three months and I was 20 21 years old and that was probably one of the first times I've been dealt a seven to in life, which was very very, you know could have turned really ugly, you know, and and in reflecting back then I mean II do believe I have a I do suffer a rope from post-traumatic stress disorder from from multiple levels in my life working in. Hospital being one of them to is going through real nasty divorce and but I remember going back, you know, 20 21 years ago and working in that hospital setting is to repeat the after intensive care. And you know, I was what 19 20 years old and as a respiratory therapist, your responsibility is essentially life support you're doing the cardio cardio pulmonary stuff cardiovascular stuff. You're managing the life support systems, essentially. When stuff hits the fan you're getting that call and so there was a lot of great things with that short career mind, but the most horrible things were I was also responsible for turning off life support and working in a pediatric center. And you know, and I remember one instant where it was a camera that the age of the child. I think I've blocked it off just to protect myself and definitely in that I think was around six years old or seven years old. And I was asked I was actually told I was ordered to turn off life support and this is the child that you see that was, you know, either intubated. There's IVs everywhere and all they care about is putting this cube in this little thing right like and that's all they just the innocent and and then, you know a couple days later, you know things went South and I'm asked her off life support and I have the mother who's, you know, beating me and father that you know spitting on me and you know threatening to kill me. I mean and yeah, I mean there as a parent myself it's and but to go through that and and just experience that that was just looking back and just going back to that. It sends chills down my back. It was just a bad time and you know what the thing that sucks the thing that sucks about Healthcare image many things that suck about Canadian Healthcare. I won't go there but I think what sucks is this if your Healthcare professional whether you're working in a hospital setting whether you're working out of hospital setting whether you're you know in the fire department you A police officer law enforcement you're a paramedic if there is a stigma that you're tough you're tough and there's this machismo type of attitude and it really wasn't until recently. We're post-traumatic stress disorder has really taken, you know front and center because of the of the Collateral Damage. I mean, it's it's really sad and you know, when I was yesterday as we were talking on on on our podcast 1.1 1.0 yesterday. You know the average adult in the US or North America, there's a 3.4 percent chance that they will be diagnosed with PTSD. If you're a pre-hospital provider paramedic, it's 34 percent and that's all we that's what we know. We don't know the rest because there's a lot better A lot of people are probably there. It's their courage and they don't want to talk about it. They don't want to deal with it or great. So there's tons of that aren't saying anything and just suffering in silence. Silence so yeah, it's an epidemic for sure. Absolutely it is it is and you know, the thing that the thing I really you know really pisses me off is the lack of respect that paramedics get you guys are the Frontline workers. You guys are there saving lives your are the physicians in the field and just the way you guys are truly a paramedics are treated and you know the incomes and you know, these type of things are programs. It just really sucks. So now you know Really wanted to raise the you know, basically put a spotlight on these issues and you know, the taboo and stigma surrounding post-traumatic stress disorder and if it wasn't for the Kurds of people like yourselves where we would all be so thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you as well. I know we like since talking yesterday we discussed kind of like, how can we give back? Like, how can we help other people who've been in our situation and we just decided this morning actually that from like here. Here on out every house that we sell we're going to donate 500 bucks to the I've got your back down one and it's a great local charity and they help First Responders military correctional officers. Like they pretty much will help anyone but that's kind of that's how the charity started so we like our goal this year then is to raise 6,000 bucks for I've got your back. I love that. I love that and I've seen now in the driving around. I see it, you know on the on the Back of the car is nine one one. Is that the whole? Yeah, I've got your back. It was started in st. Thomas. Is that right? Wow. Okay. Well, you know what? I don't like to back down from a challenge so I'm in as well. So ok. So yeah, that's awesome. We'll definitely chat more about that and you don't want too much on the show notes, you know, I definitely want to put your guys as contact information. But also I'd like to you can you know, I'll get some information from you guys on this charity. We'd love to put it there as well. Sure. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. Okay, great. Thanks a lot. So so let's get to you know real estate now like I mean, let's say we've talked about with the low now, let's go, you know where you guys are now, so so why real estate investing? I know for me and I think I can speak for Paula to is just we've always even before we got into it. We always had a passion for it. Like we both love it, you know when we're working. It doesn't feel like a job definitely feel like my day job. That's for sure. Hmm. Yeah, just passion. I love it. You know when we first kind of got into it too. I'd be lying if I was if I was if I said I wasn't looking for a way to replace my current income, right? So there's money. He made but most of all we love it. I like for me. It's like a great way that I get to use my creativity. Like I love like I love the before and after I love transforming something like the bigger transformation the better for me and I just I just love like coming up with ideas and that kind of stuff and it's a great way to use like my creativity because otherwise like I worry inform every day. I didn't get to pick my outfit, you know, like I work, you know the boots they me to wear like, you know neon yellow jacket and I didn't really get to express my creativity in like anyway, so I love it now like it's great. It definitely doesn't feel like a job. No, we yeah, like short answer. We we love it. We're passionate about it. You find do you find what you're doing? Like especially with the creativity side because I've seen your guys as work and you guys aren't flippers. I mean that's like the bad-word like will talk about that to mean you guys you guys put character you guys put Your personality you have your touches in there. You guys are creating homes not houses. Do you find the creativity is part of your therapy? I think so like I yeah, I find that. It's a good Outlet. Yeah. Paul was definitely that the creative one she's behind all the design work and stuff like that. But yeah for sure. That's awesome. That's awesome. So yeah, I mean and we'll talk about that because I mean really, you know, you're even let's talk about your real estate investing journey. I mean, there's just so many different, you know models out there whether you're doing the Burr strategy you doing long-term buy-and-hold you're doing short term rentals as wholesaling whole tailing. I mean, we can private lending we can go on and on and on so what is your model? What do you guys do? Yes, I guess technically we would fall under the category of flippers. Hello. It's not really a term that we we like using because we feel like it doesn't really touch on like the scope of work that that we bring to our projects. Like we were not just going to go to Home Depot and buy like the 99 cent tile and slap it down. There's a lot of thought behind it on terms of design in terms of function and like we're only buying an areas where we're Liver, we would love ourselves and we're turning the house into something that like a family typically would would enjoy and there's nothing wrong with people who like go and do that. That's just not how we how we want to do it. I guess like you probably actually make more money doing it like the quick and easy way as opposed to what we do, but that's what we like to do. And that's what kind of drives us to like. We're just trying to do more. And more every time so yeah, I don't know. It's nothing against the word flip. I just always on how to a negative connotation for whatever reason is like a quick quick, you know, like lipstick in a Cell those kind of associated with that. Let's try not to use that word not against no offense anyone or anything like that. But yeah, I just I prefer to say renovation to be sure rehab. Yeah. Yeah, whatever we're doing that. Strategy is amazing. That's something we need whatever looking at doing the next couple months right for sure what it's funny because you guys are definitely taking that active approach active income as an active person or active, you know strategy with respect to real estate investing and I started off on more of the passive side because you hear so much about passive income in that kind of stuff. But now I'm in the process of actually turning it and going more to the active side to then put more into the past aside, right? So it's some definitely getting into the flipping side of the business that yeah. I got to change that because flipping is really I look at flipping as like a Of course, you guys pretty know you guys know already my podcast in my YouTube videos are pretty raw. So it's like a quickie get in and out. There's there's that's it. Right you just go inside and whatever right but with this there's actually thought there's you're thinking long-term and you're building a legacy and you're building a portfolio that you know, the sky's the limit for you guys. And I know as we dig deeper, I mean you guys have have experience in severing land. I mean a normal-looking your your taste of a flipper they wouldn't have that expertise. I mean you guys have put had to like remove, you know ceilings and roofs to change around a house. Whereas a lot of people in the flipping industry is looking for lipstick on a pig. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. We you know, what were we really want to put out a quality product and that same time we're trying to bring build the brand. So yeah kind of do the best we can right right. So let's let's talk about your dish. Project you guys just did I mean this is a big one, you know, there was a Wells and guys were explaining it and I mean, I've seen the pictures on it and I mean you guys are you guys are fairly I must say new in this but what I call is, you know, you got the ones at the beginning we're thinking more. It's like a hobby but I see you guys. This is your business now so so new business. So, where are you guys right now? And what's this project? I mean I seen the pictures it's phenomenal. That was our first Just as as a business and basically it was a house on two acres of land and we severed it into two one acre Parcels. So we have a building lot and the house and we fully renovated the house and put it up for sale. And you mentioned the wells. Yes, we knew we had to put in one wheel on the vacant land that was a condition of the severance. So we did that and then we literally have the for sale sign on the lawn of the house and we Birds that the well on the property was not good. So we had to put in a second. Well, which was it was a surprise. Yeah, and it kind of goes back to quality of product to right like we didn't need to put in a new well, but we chose to put it in a well just so the new owners will have Brandy. Well they want to worry about it. That's kind of yeah, like I and just for my like for us like I couldn't I wouldn't want to put my name on something like the well was there there and the well worked and had been working since 1965 would it is it a well that I would want to use had I been living in that house. Absolutely not so that's kind of our philosophy. Like would we want this? No. Okay, then we're gonna you know work out the extra 20 grand and fix it. So of course of course and that's so important, you know, and like, you know, you guys are have Tartan developments is your is your company name? And I know we were talking yesterday and that's really part of the family. Right, and that's what you guys that you guys are building a building off of and that's like you said your grandmother was at your grandmother's name or my grandmother side or my last name is McFarland, and it was so it was my grandma's husband. My grandpa is his last was infertile and she took it when she got married, but she was in McFarland, I guess longer than she was her Wells was her maiden name. Oh, wow. There you go. But she always made sure that all of us always had a piece of Tartan so there is a scarf or a skirt or or killed or something. We always had it was like a big part of my upbringing and when we kind of we're trying to figure out a name for a business it just kind of fit so because what we're doing we're trying to make each product unique and so a Tartan is unique to every specific family. So like McFarland has their own Tartan Campbell has their own Tartan, you know, and so that it just fits with what we're doing and our brand and strong name to write like it sounds Sound strong for sure. Absolutely. Absolutely. So I know there's investors listening and are looking to talk saying let's get to the numbers. Let's get to the number. So let's talk about this clip because I know yesterday on pod on our episode 1.0. We did it we tried doing yesterday. You guys were talking about some of the numbers and even after the surprise is you guys are making very healthy return. Yeah. Well Upon A joke is California's like because this process is taken quite a while longer than we anticipated. We joke that likes could since we held it for so long. We've appreciate the profits of appreciate it so much but no so we the vacant land has a conditional offer on it and then the other properties for sale and we should do around a hundred fifty K rochefort profit on that. So what the house sells for but if it's all this we have listed will do around a hundred fifty K profit. So if Were to to analyze this this particular deal. So, you know, so when did you purchase the property? Was it a private sale? No, we brought this off the MLS. So we actually tried to buy this exact property two years ago off our it. Okay, it was like elderly woman who lived there and she didn't want to sell she wasn't ready to sell but we actually asked about if she would be willing to suffer and like sell us the piece of land at that point. We were looking for ourselves. Elves and and she wouldn't and then she ended up passing away and her family put the house on the market. So we actually bought it sight unseen like Jake had seen the sign on the lawn and he was like, oh my God, it's for sale and we just called a realtor right away like put in an offer like it was a bully offer put it in like we need this because we'd already we'd already done the research ahead of time. So it wasn't a scary like we knew the lot could be severed. Yeah, so we just we literally just jumped in we had no idea what the house looked like other than Past the front door from when I'd gone and spoken to the original owner. So yeah, it was yeah the sight unseen by you know, what it worked out pretty good in the end. There's a couple couple things couple surprises. I guess along the way but yeah, we manage those and it should be pretty profitable and stop. So if you don't me asking like I mean, you know, what was the original price? What was the cost of severance how much you'd be in depending and to Renovations? What were some of the surprise? Has it because a hundred fifty profit that's that's I mean, there's people looking to chop saying hey, can I lend you money? And you know, so the thing is to we actually feel like like our original plan was to build a new house on the vacant piece of land and sell it. So we're actually cutting our profit and half just because at this point it's been 10 months and we're like, let's just get rid of it the to want to do something else. We don't want to build though take another eight or nine months to build the house that we wanted to build on it to self like yes. It's Great could it could have been more but we're happy with with this and we're happy to kind of move on to different projects. But yeah, it was an expensive purchase like we paid $585,000 for the piece of land we listed the lot for sale for 369 our offer. I'm not gonna say it just in case it just in case it doesn't go through. It's just conditional. Yeah, that's why yeah, we don't have to talk. If you know, I'm a firm believer if it's not done. It's not done. You don't got the numbers wise. Yeah 585 purchase. Price don't quote me on these numbers in Helena from me 585 purchase was around ten year and land transfer and lawyer fees. We put around 70 K into the property the house the house probably so we used conventional financing. So interest rates were 3.5. So I think we have she's probably just under 30 and holding and then in the severance we had Probably about 20, but that it's a well as yeah, there's of all right. Yeah. Okay. Well was a condition we wouldn't have been able to sever if we didn't get the well on that property. So we kind of love that in with like the severance cost. Okay. Yes that we're looking at approximately 3 55 sale price on the vacant lot and around 560 sale price on the home. So hopefully if anyone's job those numbers down they work out but I did a mistake I need in this morning and was around 150. So Jimmy. Overtake that's awesome. No, I love it. I love it. I mean good for you guys good for you guys. So so you know what, you know, I'm jumping ahead here just because you know, you're just guys have just done so well so far and I just hearing this and seeing what you guys are doing and so far but In 10 years from now. Where do you guys see yourself? Ten years from now we'll have a lot more passive Investments. I'd like to get into larger multifamily like 10 years look buildings right now. We're looking at four plus unit multi families, but 10 years from now. I'd like bigger bigger multifamily Apartments. You know what we still like the renovations that I'd love to do. What are two big ones big ones a year and then I'm really passionate about infill development. Yeah, we're kind of starting down that road right now, but I think in 10 years with a little bit of experience a little more Capital will be begin to that. That's my plan. Anyways, I hope to all you don't like hope I will be doing infill development. Absolutely. I brings us probably turn this question here very soon. So yeah the power of our words, right? So talk about that in a second. So so as you guys know really, you know, the whole foundation of the whole Vision behind the seven to real estate investor. Stand and videos was you know, we talk about the 7 to already and then we also my focus is on working with those think about getting into the investor realm or those that are maybe with you know, about a few properties and are sort of stuck in the mud. They still know where to go or to see if they got a Bigger Pockets then that may be no you look at podcast and you're talking about so many Advanced things. It's very intimidating for myself. So what is what is in Phil? I mean you were mentioning infill development. What is that for someone that doesn't know what it is. So a basic terminology you take a I like established neighborhoods to take an established neighborhood. They say in a city and you there's either a chance to sever create an existing lat or you can also tear down an existing property and you build a new home in there. Okay, the benefits of a new home and also the benefit of an established neighborhood for you. Okay? Interesting. Okay, sounds good. That's awesome. So what advice would you give to a new investor? Or someone has been investing for maybe a pretty time and it comes you saying how are you guys doing it? And what are you guys doing? I need to do what you guys are doing. What would be your words of wisdom for us. If you're really serious about investing and making a career out of it higher coach hire are codes or get a mentor get someone who can kind of guide you right from the start. They're expensive. Yes, but they'll save you time and they'll save you money. Like it just takes one mistake to kind of Match the cost of a coach that you wouldn't it could be a mistake that you would avoid. So yeah, coach has been huge for us. We made the decision to hire a coach about three months ago. And without that like, I don't think we'd be on your podcast. We just bought three new new properties projects that are closing later in the month. We wouldn't have that never would've happened. So coach has been huge for us and also some other advice and which is also been Beneficial to us has been networking definitely like we if someone had told us last year that we would be going to networking events and like talking to people and enjoying it. We would have been like not it's not a chance, you know, like like what we do like not to place blame on things. I hate making excuses, but like our jobs make us not really like people. Yeah, not that we don't like people but we don't like socializing like you just an over there. I don't know. It's just different. Current for us. So we're coming out of that now like we love going to networking events. We look forward to it. We actually it's our date night. We've signed up for membership with on Rhea because we're like, we're going to every single goal of it. Like we love it. Look forward to and yeah, so I think like networking is important go to the events like their educational and you're just meeting people who have the same passion and the same like drive as you and it's very encouraging and it's like it just keeps you motivated and Going sorry and everyone's these events are like super helpful. Right? Like you can ask anyone in the room question and will either answer or get the answer for you. Yeah. It's a great group of people and everyone's super helpful. Hmm. Absolutely. No, those are great tips and to I strongly believe and you know coaching is Paramount. I wouldn't be where I am if it wasn't coaching. So I have a coach and you know, I You know, it's one of those things where you come in saying, oh, I got a handle on the world. You know, my life's fine or whatever, you know things again being Macho against it's just teach me the strategy and its track teaching strategy is so egotistical. It's like it's beyond that right like you can go to YouTube and look at some different strategies. We need to have someone that's going to hold your hand through this so you don't make those mistakes and you know at my age I'm lazy. I don't want to go through the School of Hard Knocks. I don't have time on my side. You know, so it just accelerates your growth right represent. Yeah. Yep. So doing that and and then what's also nice about when you invest in a coach is you invest in their relationships to and they're Rolodex. So it's a real win-win on both sides and my coach, you know, I use Corinne McKinney is one of my coaches and I mean fantastic coach with real estate mindset and mean he's also kicking my ass and so many areas of my life just to build that confidence and You know, that's what a good coach does. I mean they find your vulnerable spot and they expose it. I mean, yeah, I mean if anybody watching yeah, Cory is amazing and he's who make he's made me cry a couple times. Of course, you know what like, I don't know core that well. I met him a couple times but he's a great guy. He's you know, what he's taken time out of his busy life and helped us. Yeah and super thankful for that. And yeah, he's a great guy and his mindset is Second To None. Yeah, it's amazing. I mean he's I mean, he's been part of Tony Robbins, you know Inner Circle type of stop and here I am watching on Netflix. I'm not your girl ruined on Tony Robbins like oh my God kourtney's part of that. I'm like, wow, right. So but anyways, it's not even about the stardom. It's about you know, investing in yourself. And that's the key thing and I think a lot of people just really don't recognize that and then they're wondering why they're not seeing the growth that they want in her only buying one. Property or the stuck at five properties because the bank says that's all you can do and then they get back into that negative that negative side. Right? So I have Corey is always kicking my ass, but not you know inquiry has been phenomenal and I have other coaches to that McKeever and then Roshan part of the castle tribe. They're my coaches as well. I've invested with them as well and they're also you know kicking my butt and being held I'm being held accountable and changing my mindset and there's no way I'd be on a trajectory. I am today if it wasn't for. For them on me, but more importantly I wouldn't have been able to go to and get a coach if it wasn't for the networking. Yeah, and I had to you know come and go to these events. I didn't know anybody in a room and and it really throw myself out there saying I'm you I'm you I'm you like help me out who I got to talk to and so forth and now I go in these rooms and is awesome. I feel like I know everybody in the room or they know who I am and it really comes down to not who you know, but who knows you absolutely and people going to connect? Instead of me trying to Google. Oh, I need someone to fix my driveway. I could just go there and saying hey who's good at this kind of stuff. We've used I don't have to go through any of the referrals. It's about speed right? rat Yeah, so unreal has been fantastic. I think you know Shauna and Jen have just done a phenomenal job with that. So I'm looking forward to this wall. And you know, I think yeah, it's it on so many different tables these days, but I'm not actually there to me the Ambassador, so they're really focus on giving back and that's that's what's Beauty about the real estate investing side to you is is the service I'd like you said, you know, you want to give back, you know are going to be doing and so forth and I'm really does that too. I want to do that too. So the last question I have Is the surprise question and I can't be a surprise for you guys because my bod Cassie in the videos, I got to think of a new podcast surprise question. So but it's a tombstone question and a tomb School Tombstone question is you know, what what will you be remembered by remembered as sorry and remember there's only so many characters on a tombstone. You're saying minor too long got to go to saying yeah. Well for me, I hope that people remember. I never give up like I'll work as hard as I can to achieve the goals that I want to achieve. So and I'm only 5 feet tall. So by mine might be too long was though. She be but little she fears which is a Shakespeare quote, but then Shakespeare's like a little too serious for me. Like I'm not really a you know, serious Shakespeare person. So my real quote would be if there's a problem. Yo, I'll solve it. So Vanilla Ice. There we go. There we go. Yeah, even with 2.0. I didn't really come up with clever saying like this one here. Yeah. I just want to be known. I want people to think think about me and you know just be known for honesty and integrity. That's how I want to be remembered. Will you guys are truly Inspirations? You guys are inspirational leaders what you guys have gone through and what you guys are doing with it right now. I mean I just It's remarkable. And I you know it just good for you guys and it was like I said, it was just so important for me to get this out there because and to the real estate sphere because you guys are doing some amazing things and just keep it up. Keep it up. I'm excited for you guys. The sky really is the limit for you guys. Thanks Mark. Yeah. So before we close up, you know, is there anything you're you know, you like to you know last words of wisdom or any request from our listeners or viewers in with your business. No, just check us out on Instagram Facebook. We got YouTube channel coming soon. We got a property. We're finishing up here in the next four weeks keep an eye out for that. And then we got three really exciting projects coming in a March super exciting big big big once one's a bit of really big one that we're really really excited about not that we're not excited about the other ones as well. This is kind of like why we got into this and what we're gonna do. Mine's with this one. I can't wait. You know what and I would love to do a 3.0 episode come in there and pretend to be a YouTube cameraman, and that's awesome guys. Well, thank you so much for your time. This was amazing and look forward to seeing you guys soon. Seeing all the stuff you're posting on Instagram, and of course, I think Audrey is next week. So you see there for sure. Absolutely. Thanks again guys. We really appreciate it. Thank you. No problem. No problem.