Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you. All right everybody. Welcome back to scum town. I'm your host Vinny Beetle. Welcome back. Yes, it's true scumbag Vinny Beetle. The legendary scumbag of the world is here with you guys live and in color except you guys can't see me because it's a radio show Welcome guys. Welcome. There was a little bit of CKY. It's a it's a band. It's definitely a bad. It's a good band. I like them. I've met Jesse Margera is a very good dude, and he warned me about bamboo many times and I didn't listen and yeah, it's one of my My favorite songs by them and I thought what a better way to open up today's episode. You guys have been waiting a while for this episode. I have been getting a lot of mixed signals from everybody because of what's been happening in the world of any Beetle and today everybody's going to get a little bit of clarification on what's been going on. Those of you who've been listening to the podcast for all eight episodes that we've had so far learned a few episodes back about a Facebook group called Honda hoarders Honda hoarders is it Facebook group where you can go and buy and sell Honda quads trikes anything Honda parts, as long as it's related to Motocross dirtbikes squads that kind of stuff and Honda. It's like 35,000 people in the Facebook group in the guy who started the Facebook group is name is Vinny and I actually went to school with him and we were friends growing up. He was kind of a skater dude and always a great kid always supported me and my comedy career and loves bam. You know ever since I started working with bam, he's always kept in touch with me and texted me about how cool he thought it was and everything like that. And he also is a very funny kid. So he's not a comedian by any means or anything. He's a regular dude. He's got a regular job and everything. So don't go harass and on the Chip. He runs the Honda hoarders Instagram page. So go follow their page Hahn hoarders Instagram and definitely you'll get to see kind of like what they're about so staffa and me had this little ongoing joke about comedian Dave Moon who's a local comedian from the Haven Connecticut area and we put it up on the group that he was a Yamaha guy and basically in Honda hoarders terms that just means that you're kind of like stupid, you know, or you're gay or whatever and not that there's anything wrong with being gay and I don't mean gay by the sense of like homosexual. I just mean like you're like a fag, you know, like nobody likes you really and so that's basically the joke that I played on this comedian with this Facebook group. And so Vinny started it off by posting in the Facebook group that everybody who will text me how - tag team Dave Moon hashtag Honda hoarders will get a chance at winning some like three stickers, you know that they give away in the group. So I had like 400 text messages in a day and we had a nice rise in our viewership for the podcast grew like 400 listeners. So I was like, holy shit. I mean, thank you to everybody so far who's been listening, you know, if look I mean, I'll tell you right now we've hit 3500 downloads were in 35 countries now all 50 US states Puerto Rico listens, like everywhere in the world is listening to this. So I'm very grateful for that. There's at least one person in every country that's tuned in so far. So that's really cool to see it spread out and I know Vinnie's been, you know, not really listening to the show, but following Along on my social media more with the BAM stuff and everything like that. So yeah, you know, he came to me with the idea of doing that little prank on his little group and it worked and their viewership went up and I said, you know, well wouldn't it be great if we could get banned? To promote the podcast and now we do have a lot of ideas to get band to promote different shows and things and hopefully that will you know probably be a good way to get more listeners and earn back a lot of the money that I lost working with them and even helping out good organizations. Like we want bam to do a cameo for a comedy show that we're doing at the end of March in Pennsylvania for riding over addiction and it's basically what that's about is a gentleman is riding his bicycle 3000. I was across the United States to raise money for schools to be able to bring in programs like DJ choices who is his program that teaches kids about opiate addiction at a young age. And so we're doing this show on March 28th in Pennsylvania. It's a comedy show me Andre Kim Rodney Norman Andre Kim from the in Godfrey We Trust podcast. This is true from in Andre. We do not trust. I still work with Andre. We've talked since the podcast. He hasn't openly admitted on the Godfrey show yet that he did me dirty. But we're friends and my fame is just going to out rise his and it'll come out in the airwaves, but it was a good little story. He told about the mafia chasing me. So these are all little stories you guys can catch by go and listening to the podcast the first Eight Episodes. So if you're tuning into this one, there's a lot of other stuff going on and a lot of the other episodes that I talked about bam a lot of the stuff that you guys are seeing is like fuck bam and Bam screwed me and this and that and sure you know, that kind of stuff did happen, but me and Bam have I don't want to say made up but we've talked since then and since I've posted my last podcast we've actually spoken. So how that came about was interesting and it all relates back to Vinny and the Honda borders group. I found out that bam had lowered his Cameo price and cameos an app where celebrities post videos to fans and they could promote stuff for you or they can just shout you out for your birthday or whatever the case might be and you pay them a certain price it averages anywhere from like 20 dollars all the way up to a thousand dollars depending on how to how basically famous celebrity isn't how much they do them and whatnot band does a lot of them. He's done over like 650 of them. He charges $65 now which the last time I checked it was a lot more but maybe they lowered it because he's not doing Live Events and it's a good way for him to make money if he just gets the cameos. Excuse me, guys. I got a bit coronavirus tone on I'm just kidding, but it might be I don't know. It's hard to stay away from the news bam. You know does his videos for 65 bucks, but the whole reason that art or cancelled in the first place is because he didn't make a promotional video in time and the venue's cancel before he even could cancel because he in our deal he was supposed to make videos to promote the shows and he never did that. But here he is making a video for any hillbilly in West Virginia for $65. It just crazy to me. I mean, it's unbelievable, but I said well, maybe he's stupid enough and I know he is because I'll be honest with you guys the first time I've ever hung out with bamas house like in his editing room where he Is videos in his movies and stuff like that? He's got two huge flat-screen TVs and one day he's working on a video and only one of the TV's is on and I'm like dude. Why don't you just turn this to down have them both and he's like, well, I lost the remote and I don't know how to turn it on. There's no button on the TV. I said, why don't you just go to CVS and get one of those like universal remotes and he was like home CBS. Yeah. Yeah. He's like here go and he gave me a $20 bill. There was like money crumpled all over the place. Would just like crumpled up money like paper and just throw it everywhere and I just remember that and I don't know if he did it as a test to new people coming to his house like you better not touch any of his money, but there was money everywhere, you know, it was like it's just overwhelming he would just leave cash all over the place. And so I was like, okay I said, I'll go get the remote so I did that and so I came back and I was like, dude, how do you not know how to do this yourself? And he's like, I'm like you've been like movies or famous guy. Like, how do you not know how to put a remote TV? He just goes I ain't no whiz. And so I was like, oh my God, this guy's mentally ill. He's a half with he's an inbred. You know, I just knew that there was not a lot of cards in that deck being shuffled around. So I was like cool. I remembered that. I remembered that ban was not really the smartest guy in the world. I remember one day hanging out and I feel like 13 hours and we go meet Yelawolf and his whole crew at this bar, which was a little whiskey signing. He was having and we got to hang out with Yelawolf all night, and I remember like being with him all day and nobody ate and I was I'm a Fat boy, so I'm freaking starving and I'm over here. Like I need to eat something. I'm going to Wawa cuz there's no wobble on Connecticut. So I'm over here like loving the sandwiches at Wawa and I'm like bam. I always wanted to ask him if he wanted a hoagie. That's for sure. I definitely wanted to ask Phil that but Phil wasn't around so I said bamboo on a hoagie and he said yeah and so I was like dude this guy wouldn't have eaten for probably like 14 more hours had nobody just asked if you wanted a sandwich. He definitely needs help, you know, and so I felt like I just like, I don't know I just felt like that was shit like that. More people don't think about a lot like that that celebrities are just so his mind is always about I gotta paint something or I gotta skate or I gotta get another ramp bill or I got to go do music or I got to go do the show or this Comic-Con or I got to go do this or going to do that, you know are gonna be family or got to do this. He was always like bouncing boom boom. Boom boom. Boom. So he was never like even you never do enough. I remember being at the castle and he would just like flip open books of like pages. It looked like old freaking spell books or something and it had like glitter all over the pages and he would write down comic books and draw comics of Novak and his friends and this shit is just there's hundreds of pages of material hundreds movies, you know, just scripts and and poems and music and just motherfucking people and just crazy and I just read through I sat there for like a week at the Castle. I swear to God with two other Comedians and I would just sit through the stuff and write material and I left. That all their form. So if you ever goes back in the book, I've left tons of notes about jokes and things you can write and it's all at the Castle. I just left it there because I figured he was never going to sit down like and be like, hey Bam, look this so funny jokes. I figured like hey one day if he ever goes back and looks in the book. I went through everything. I just spent might have been two weeks. I would just sit there in my free time and just do this and it would help me write material. About band things. I haven't even said on stage and stuff that I thought would be funny and skits and things that we could do and you know, I was trying my best to try to make the best out of it. I guess I should have been trying to clout Chase. Like I am now while I was at his house, but I was actually really trying to develop an amazing like funny content to deliver this dude that he's like all four and just wants to do this. I even got approach from a guy that actually makes a cartoon for Adult Swim and Pitch them this idea about making cartoon about me and Bam. And he was all for it. And I was I just felt like there was something bigger, you know, but it didn't happen, you know, and so like I just am left with doing these petty little pranks and I was like, you know, what if I prank bam if I can get him to look stupid it'll definitely get the attention from him. I want or at least the people and so I came up with this idea from with any staffing from Honda hoarders to you know, and and thank you for Vinny for paying for it. He's sponsoring the podcast by paying for it pays the $65 to Bam's can You have to shout out how to hortis Facebook page and at the same time he at the end cesco. Listen the best best podcast in the World Scum town. And if you don't you're a Yamaha guy, he kind of fucked up the end, but I think he read it was like skunk town because I dude like after I first put out the first book banned episode. This guy was texting me swearing at me. He's gonna sue me. I'm gonna live under a bridge all these different shit and you know, so basically that's where Where you know I said to myself well, if this guy's going to do that, I'm going to send out a send this shit out on the internet and I didn't it got over 500,000 views fast forward. Boom 500,000 views later we get this on Tick-Tock Facebook Instagram. I start my own Tick-Tock and I put out a bunch of old videos of him me and him stand up of mine me pedal and tickets on the street million and a half views million and a half views in a few days 40,000 followers go follow me on Tick-Tock at scumbag Vinny. I mean, yeah, I'm even at this point gotten cocky where I'm like, I'll invite Nick Mullen on scum town. Maybe he wants to join this team this a winning team now, so maybe he wants to join the squad, you know and Bam again people now fans are just buying cameos and having them shout me out and it's just like funny because now I'm finally getting the followers in the fans and stuff that didn't really know about me Forks. They were trying not to give me that attention and now they did, you know, and then Answers will come on the radio show but then he backs out of coming on the radio show and then bam says, okay. Well, he's not going to go on the radio show but you know, he's not going to be home. He's gonna be filming jackass and then he's doing Cameo shout me out in a doctor's office like the guys just stupid as hell and if he comes on great if he doesn't no big deal, we're just going to keep pushing either way and that's really it man. I mean if you're listening to this, we do have a comedy show this Wednesday night tomorrow night in Hamden, Connecticut. I'm performing with a bunch of my friends that I'm inviting. Just whoever pops up. I invited like ten comedian. So whoever pops up its gonna get onstage. It's gonna be a good show that is at 9:40 Dixwell Ave and hand a Connecticut their tickets available online and at the door and go to my Instagram page. I have any Beetle find me on Facebook Tik toks come back Vinny. There's a backup account on there Vincent Beetle that you Milo big shout out to everybody who sponsored and helped out. So for so for so far with the podcast Dennis, right and his family filthy scum, just everybody everybody. I mean, there's been you know harush on Shaw Productions has stepped forward and sponsored the podcast. So go check him out in New Haven for any recording needs. We just got another sponsor that have Video is going to drop soon to record and sponsor a company that does. You could hear the toilet in the background. That's funny. My wife just flush the toilet. You guys can hear it. So anyways, let me share out this company real quick. I'm going to look for it just because the kid deserves some recognition today. And she spraying because it stinks like shit. Jessica Don't Spray Jessica Don't Spray they can hear you If it stinks like shit, just let it okay. You're a woman. It's okay, if you think like shit go follow Jessica's your YouTube account the Crazy Life for Jess. She does a lot of makeup reviews. You see a lot of videos on me on there too a lot of stand-up videos. Yeah, so that's pretty much that right there as I'm scrolling through my phone. I can't seem to find my buddy here. I've been I've been promoting the show a lot. So we been shooting out a lot of text messages to people. We're also this Friday guys going to be in Sanford, Florida. So go to my website www.moocchile.com to a million dot weebly.com to get more information. I'll be in Sanford Florida Friday and we're doing a fundraiser Sunday in Hernando Beach, which is near Tampa Bay area, so Go get tickets to that this podcast is going to come out today. So you guys will be able to hear it. And if you're in the Florida area or in the Connecticut area, come see me do stand-up comedy this week. And yeah, I mean definitely much appreciated on that front. I'm just going to go to my other Facebook page. I just feel like it's probably on there. I have two Facebook pages because once you reach 5,000 people on Facebook, that's pretty much it. Yes, it is. Okay good, so I lost it. I lost it. Goddamn it. Well, I'm an idiot. That's what happens when you smoke too much weed. You know what I mean? You're just sitting here and you're thinking that you got everything in checking your life is going good. And then boom you just lose one of the most important things that the entire episode and then you just sit in here trying to figure out what to say and explain yourself. In the meantime. Somebody just message me on Facebook. Fuck Dave Moon. Yes, awesome making moves. That's hilarious. You're hilarious always happened. Thank you very much. Mr. I naughty Shout out to Jessie gang. We're in the one gig crew is a clothing company and a Boston. He's a professional skateboarder and stunt dude. He's going to come on the podcast soon. He's a castle bam gang member. I don't want to say it's a gang. I don't know if anybody would get offended by that but it is a gang pretty much to me. Anyways, that's how I feel about it. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see down the line give some shoutouts. Shout out to copy comp. Shout out to copy cop for sure. Okay Louis J Gomez. We got a bunch of people in the come Town podcast Facebook group that are trying to beat me up. These dudes are like 300 pounds 6 6 and in Cincinnati and they want to beat my ass and they thought that compy comp was the real Louis J Gomez. And so their messaging them their entire detailed plans. What idiots I mean these guys really just love Nick Mullen Nick, come on scum town. If you ever hear this if you're home. You're bored and you're just obsessed with what I'm doing with this whole character and this life come down and be on the show bam come on the show. If you're listening. These are people that I'm talking to you that are probably not listening. But at the same time that's okay too. You know, that's okay, too. Let's see here who we got? We're going to look for some more shoutouts to my friends. I'm gonna be on podcast with my buddy Jay Bandy next week. I'm gonna go on the paddles podcast soon. I'm gonna go on Jim Sharkey's podcast soon. I booked it a lot of shows. Here we go, Drew Reagan everybody Drew Reagan from the Michigan area in the Peninsula of Michigan go out and check them out. You know what? I mean? This guy? I've been I bet I lost his damn text for a minute and now I feel like an idiot but he's a good dude. I made a video a couple videos for him. We're gonna have Basically as many people promote this kid as we can because we want to support small businesses. This guy does gutter installs as well as regular cleanings basically anywhere in Michigan, you need your gutters cleaned him up and even if you're not in Michigan just hit them up and see if you could pay him enough to drive him drive. He's currently serving the Claire and send neela County in Michigan which sounds like a very poor area. So I would like to say anywhere in Michigan that make it worth this guy you could call. Him at eight 104 five five three seven two one. Don't prank call. This kid Okay. The reason I put a number up here as he's looking to get work in the Michigan area. So if you're not a Michigan number, he's probably not going to pick up the phone. Okay, and so don't you know try to come up with a name? Listen, he's in Port here on he's going to give the best prices possible for these gutter cleaning. Okay, and he and let me tell you son. He paid for this ad okay, because you don't not pay some back many for an atom podcast. You're gonna pay for that. I'm telling you that's it. And so, you know, if you think oh my God Ben you're from Connecticut. How the hell do you think you're going to get him a gutter cleaner? We're going to film it. We're going to get somebody to go out there and get their gutters clean with this guy. And so if you're in Michigan, please tell a friend, I know I got a lot of fans out in Michigan. I know you guys love the podcast. So go do that, you know what I mean? And that's just what it's about to, you know, you don't just do one thing and then another also remember follow me on Tick-Tock. I've gone viral on Tick-Tock. They've been And me permanently from the live. I've been banned from the come Town subreddit the chapel house subreddit the jackass subreddit the CKY subreddit. I've been banned from almost every subreddit. I've got my own subreddit infiltrated in deleted. I'm really good at getting banned from things. I've been banned from comedy clubs. Yeah. I mean, I've talked to Artie Lange recently good thing. I've talked to already lying recently and already he's doing good and already said what's up to me? And he said that soon we'll be able to do some. Something of some kind so maybe radio show hopefully, I mean, look, I'm trying to bring on as many people on the podcast as I can future guess we have coming up is skinny Vinnie from MTV's too stupid to die. We have James de Bello from Scary Movie 2 coming on the podcast. Yeah. So we do have some guests already lined up. We have Wrecking Ball coming on the podcast almost Jack skater in the world. He's gonna come and snatch my Thrasher Gear Well, it's do we got coming on the podcast. We got Jesse gang where and his sister coming up boo. The check coming on the podcast we have. Yeah, I think I think that's it. So far. We do have a couple of comedians coming on. I'm going to do an episode of my wife soon. Please donate to the podcast guys cash app Money signed scumbag Vinny Beetle, that really is what's keeping it going right now. We've gotten over 1500 dollars in donations so far. So thank you guys so much whoever's donated or helped out with the podcaster help put on shows for us and different things like that. We really appreciate it. And that's what helps keep us going. You could go to the website. And buy a t-shirt a scumbag Vinny t-shirt, or I spent my weed money on this shirt t-shirt. Please do that. Look forward to more comedy shows coming soon more podcasts more content, and there's a ton of video content on my Instagram and on my Tick Tock now, I'm going to be posting stuff from the last four years of my stand-up and a bunch of stuff that I film that you guys haven't seen so far. So please do that and thank you guys so much. So we'll see you around sometime. Peace out.