Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a really cool intro song and I don't know what I would want it to sound. Like I want to do something funny. Maybe like a country song maybe like a gangster. Song talks with taboo bitch tab through bitch. My manager is a fucking shoe bitch now country music is just Emo music saying by a southerner a southern boy and Emo music is just country music that sung by man that I never had to get in the dirt and work with his hands. Tell me it's not tell me it's not what's good. Y'all. Oh man, it's good. It's good to do an episode by myself, man. I love having guests. I love having guests guests are fun. But it's always just fun to not have to you know, watch what I say. You know what I mean? It's been a minute. What's it been like three weeks, you know, we had who we had we had. Mr. Whalen Clark that was a fucking awesome whom a spilt my beer, huh? Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. We had mr. Weyland Clark and me that was awesome episode getting to sit down with him. Dude. He's such a nice guy. He has served me cool stories. You just like he's one of those guys that you're just around and you're just in a good mood because he's just nothing but good vibes and that's it that episode with G rex. That was a fun episode man. It's always good. I love sitting and I love just hanging out with G Rex dude. He just got such a I don't know I guess his I guess a Michigan accent. It's a funny one, you know, like they really Pronounce thereës. I don't know how to explain it. It's almost hack it. I'm not even going to try do because I'm playing in Michigan this weekend and I'm probably gonna piss somebody off of I tried but man, I love sitting around by that guy. Did he laughs a lot? I like I like people that like to laugh and he makes just Dope music and it's just a cool guy. Those are some fun episodes. I hope y'all enjoyed those episodes and if you listen to those episodes, I want to say thank you. Thank you, very forgiving all gonna Em, but yeah, it's been a minute since it's just been us what's been going on play Forbidden Kingdom Forbidden Kingdom was tight as fuck did that DJ set and comedy set and that was really cool man. They both went so well everybody who came to the comedy set was really there to just hear some fucked up things and like it was my first time doing comedy with so So much else going on like if I'm using if I'm doing comedy like at a comedy club, you know, it's just a stand-up comedy set going on the other the only other comedy I've done at a music festival but the confess and I was the only thing going on so I would be like, you know Forbidden Kingdom telling a joke and there'd be thousands of people walking in the back. You know, I can just see people walking because I was right in between stages. So it's like if people want to go to the next stage, they literally had to walk by the stage. So people will be walking by and hear me me know making a joke about Beating a child or some shit, you know not curing the whole joke and I just see you people's faces. Like what the fuck I think the taboo talks live or basically jokes that I can't say on the internet. So, you know people people seem to fuck with it. I'm at resident of the night. Sure. Did I met res and you know, I was just I was drunk when I met her and it took me a minute to realize it was hurt. But that's honestly the only way I liked meat and eat. I like meeting DJ's when I don't know who they are, you know, like because you find out if you like them as a person and then and then you're like, oh wait you're that person. That's cool. But yeah, I was just drunk and I was just cracking jokes. And then after I got done cracking jokes I was walking away and I was like, wait was that rest? Sho Nuff show know she might not even know me for my music. She might just know me as that drunk guy than the night look ya'll earn that drunk. Okay, I earned that drunk. That's a long weekend. I was a good boy all weekend. I didn't drink all weekend. But as soon as I was done my comedy set. I had me a whiskey and Coke and nice cigar and I was feeling myself y'all. Uh, that's my idea of relaxing dude Chillin smoking a cigar having a Jack and Coke not wearing about a goddamn thing. You know, the the fucking Earth's on fire, but your soul is actually chilled That's Where It's At. What else can go to our well played New York City. That was one of the stops on the mustache tour. And the reason that one stood out is because of all the people that were on it. We had the Shanghai dudes myself. Here XD Envy you and then the yucky boys came up. Got to meet them Simba. Got to meet him. I love his music. He just had new EP at drop. Actually. You should go check it out. If you haven't listened to it who else essec was there and we all did a back-to-back in the night and I learned something right there whenever you Cookie and Shanghai Doom step into the back-to-back you walk away. You take your flash drive out of the cdjs and you just let them do their thing. NG, okay. The Shanghai dudes have some of the weirdest coolest music ever and they just match perfectly with you'll key whenever we're back to I took my flash drive out and I just stood behind him and got wasted and just partied up there because that was a dope set man such a dope set. It's cool because it's like it was like four o'clock in the morning, like nobody wants to hear damn strawberries at four o'clock in the morning, dude. They want to hear some Kate out Sasquatch music. All right. People aren't trying to sink crawdaddy people aren't trying to say you got that heat and I'll give it to me crawl that a at 4:00 in the morning. They're trying to say help. I've fallen and I don't want to get up. That's that's what I did brought show had a guy walk up to me at that show and he goes you are my father. You are my father. I thought that was fucking hilarious. This is like, you know people call me daddy sometimes but somebody called me my father at somebody this weekend call me the EDM what what in the butt guy? I thought that was pretty damn funny. And then somebody called me the EDM Ron White. And I'll take it man. I'll take it. But it's been cool man. I've been on the road a lot lately, you know, and I've been I've been bumping into people at the shows who listen to the podcast which is really fucking cool because you know, the podcast is new, you know, we're still trying to figure it out their best way to go about it and all that thing, but meeting people met people who actually called in so shout-out jewels and germ y'all are out there listening that I got to meet them this past weekend and was can't stand as they call it. Wisconsin now I can make fun of the Wisconsin accent because I already played there and they won't they won't they won't kill me. I don't know if you all saw but your boy got booked for bass Canyon bass Canyons. Yes, sir. Whoo. Do you know how many excision jokes you gotta crack to get booked for bass Canyon? A lot. What? Oh, no, I did it. I did it. Oh man, what else has been going on dude? Oh the Batman's I'm going to talk about this real quick. Cuz I'm a big Batman fan. Batman is probably my favorite superhero, even though he's not a superhero. He's just Rich who kicks ass and gets puss all the time. So, how can you not love the Batman's they've been releasing pictures of Robert Pattinson, 's as the Batman And the suit it looks too loose dope as fuck. I want to know how you feel about Robert Pattinson zsasz the Batman's if you listen to this episode, give me a call call the podcast tell me how you feel about it. You can call this podcast. You can call this podcast and just tell me anything man. It have to be about the questions. I ask people have been using the podcast hotline for some weird shit though. Like I just had somebody hit me up with like an address. It said nothing was just an address. I'm like, I don't know about that. Because I mean honestly like the pot the hotline is connected to my phone. So I'll see you everything that comes through and I listen to everything that comes through had a guy come up to me and was like, I've called the podcast every time I'm like, well you must have had some shitty questions because I haven't used. I haven't used them. Sorry, I had to burp there. But yeah, how do you feel about Robert Pattinson? I think it's gonna be cool man. He's good-looking. He's a great actor. You know what I'm saying? He's got the chin, you know what I'm saying? Like, he's already built for the nighttime because if he's outside during the daytime, he's kind of reflective like he's got like diamond like skin He's already good at sucking blood which bats drink blood. So I think he's great man. He's better than Ben Affleck's Ben Affleck's is Batman's can go fuck off. Can I get a name? And wherever you're listening to this podcast, I want you to just give out of a man right there. Give out of a Ren and amen. That's been going on. Oh, yeah, we had the super Tuesday. Everyone's talking about the super Tuesday, but they didn't know that talks with taboo came out on Thursday man. This is that super Thursday. All right, you want to listen to two old men ramble about some things that they might do or you want a fucking crack a cold one open with your boy sit back, maybe smoke a little really Z and have a good laugh shit. It's good Thursday, dude, you might even get a lap dance later that night unrelated to me. It might just happen. That's a super Thursday to me. Fuck a super Tuesday, man. I'm some I'm like the most unpolished istic. Is that word? On politics. I'm political shit on political dude, you've ever met on Paulk the most unpolished Calista dude, you've ever met, you know, like I have an idea of what I like, but I don't trust any of these fools dude. And here's the thing y'all y'all ain't never going to see me use my platform for a political stuff and I can say that confidently, I think you know, I see some DJ's who will kind of use their platforms to kind of push. Their views on other people and I think that's all right. I think people can do whatever the fuck they want me personally. I'm not a fan of it. So y'all won't ever have to deal with that. You know, the only thing you have to worry about with with me is having too good of a time. All right, and we'll just be real with that. So we got our EDM Twitter of the week some breaking news in the electronic world. Ultra Fest has been cancelled which is fucking crazy. I thought I'd get cancelled way before Ultra did how long has it been going on like 15 20 years. I don't know. I don't know but it's like a big thing in Miami. What what's Miami music week supposed to be just Miami week, Miami no music week, you know what? What are US dude supposed to do with ultra fast gone. Do we just put our shirts back on go back to? Living every day with a shirt on knowing that we can't take our shirts off and fist bump in Miami. It's kind of fucked up. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't know how to process all this information. Like what are we supposed? Who do we talk to is there like a guidance counselor? We could talk to about Ultra being canceled. It's kind of sad though. I mean I'm cracking jokes. It kind of sucks man. People were making lifelong experiences. There's people who say up all year just ball out at Miami for Ultra Fest and now they can't do that anymore, and it's Looks old people can go fuck themselves, you know what I'm saying? But oh, well, there's a million other festivals. You can go check out. I just hey, I'm on your side. I'll say that if you're upset about Miami music week and ultra-fast being canceled. I'm on your side, but also, you know take it as a chance to go try new things. There's other festivals out there go put on a pashmina and go to fucking Camp. Bisco, you know what I'm saying? Fucking get your straws ready and put them in your butt. But and go to Bass Canyon, I don't know if I can say that I'm obviously joking. Okay. Yeah, man fucking put a mask on and go to Burning Man and fucking have sex in a tent with a bunch of strangers who knows there's a world of opportunities and experiences out there. Have fun and good luck. And this coronavirus y'all it's goddamn coronavirus is getting out of hand. We've had I don't want to say a wrong number, but I think we've had three deaths in the u.s. Due to the coronavirus these people need to chill out drinking Coronas, bro. They're drinking too much Corona and it's shit's getting out of hand, you know some point you got to learn how to say. All right. I'm good. I've had too many Coronas but these motherfuckers God they just Corona up Jeet up hoes down Corona out. You know, they need to open up a good old can of democracy juice right here. And just praise the Lord, you know. Man, but today there are that know that was a lot of rambling. I realize that but it's been a minute since I've just had time but myself as some stories I want to tell y'all and some events, but now we can get to this day's topic today. I want to talk about pulling out. I'm just joking. That's not today's topic today. I want to talk about fucking up. All right, and it's okay to fuck up. I want y'all to know that what do you do when you fuck up you own that shit, dude. Are you scared of fucking up? Hell nah, I fuck up all the time. Y'all fuck up on stage. You know what I do. Oh, actually I've I have fucked up on stage and these are like legit stories of what happened. When I fucked up on stage. I have one time I spun the track out. I was like fuck that shit and I grab the microphone. I was like, do you ever just work your whole life towards something and practice every single day to be good and then you get in front of people and you just fuck up. You know what? I just did that thing right here, but I'm man enough to call myself out on it. You know what everybody gets one. Everybody gets one. On stage at least, you know, you get more fuck-ups in life, but on stage you get one fuck up. That's like my rule. I have a DJ coming to me after sure like Manna I could have done better. I thought kind of fucked up on time. Looks like it's all good, bro. Everybody gets one. Everybody gets one. Did I fucked up dude fucking up doing stand-up comedy is the worst though. I will say that you fuck up doing stay you fuck up DJing. Everyone's shoulder like oh, yeah, just play the song. It's chill, but you fuck up a joke, bro you Say the wrong thing on stage. You got to earn everybody's trust back because they're like, okay. This guy sucks. This guy just talked about having sex with the child and I fucked up the punch line. So now they just think I want to have sex with the child, which is not the case. If you fuck up a punch line, then the entire joke sounds fucked up. Okay, but look if you fuck up man, man up own it. Yeah, I fucked up but I won't again man man up. Can I even say that anymore in these days without pissing off some feminists, you know without pissing off some femini. Man up wear my say sack up then got Saxon either chin up, dude, not everybody has a chin. There's fucking chinless chin in the back making PlayStations. Oh what else? I don't know. I'm just going to say man up and own it like a fucking man. That's what happens when you fuck up you learn you say. Yeah, I fucked up but you know what bet she won't see me do that again. You know, don't be scared to fuck up either but like yeah, I could try that. I'm scared to do that man. I might fuck it up. Go ahead. Fuck it up. Dude. What's the worst that could happen? You could fuck it up. It's not the worst thing in the world surely. Not the worst thing just don't fuck up pulling out. Okay, that kind of could be the worst thing in the world or the best thing in the world. However, you look at it. But if you're pulling out you definitely don't want to fuck up doing that. I'm just say it. I'll just say that. But yeah, dude if you scared to do something because you scared you might fuck up rethink. How you doing? Rethink? What's happening? Because fucking up is chill bro fucking up his lit y'all and I realize I'm saying the f word a lot and I realized that I'm a very, you know, my vocabulary isn't that large and that's all right, you know, I could just say messing up but it just doesn't hit you like it's supposed to you know, you want to say Fucking up. All right and fuck people fuck up, man. And whenever we fuck up, sometimes you get in trouble. Sometimes you get in trouble man. So I got this week. I got people to call in to the hotline telling me the most trouble they've ever gotten and before I play some of these people I just want to say I couldn't use all your stories man. Somebody else stories were incriminating summer. Y'all were like yo, bro, I'm fucking robbed this old lady this one time and she still hasn't found her purse. Like I can't use that shit y'all my podcast is gonna turn into FBI investigation dude, and that's not what I'm trying to have. You know, I'm a I'm trying to have a podcast where people can have a good laugh and also have a good time and feel better about themselves. But I thought that these stories are do you fucking hilarious and they were I got some really fucking funny Collins this week. And before I listen to him. I just kind of want to tell you all about much trouble I've ever been in so I'm not going to tell y'all like the most most trouble ever been into just because I'm kind of working on telling those in my comedy routine, but there was this one time man when I was a child and dude, my neighbor, he was my best friend at the time and his parents were having a party at night and you know, it was a white trash party, you know, it's a white trash party whenever you're outside doing heavy drinking listen to Colt Ford and kids are playing damn ping pong with beer cans or shooting Hoops with with I don't even know where I was going out with that. But yeah, it was a white trash party. And so I wanted to go out of my buddy was knocking on door Mitch. You should come out of this man. It's fucking this is a dope party. We're probably like 10 years old. Maybe that's my mom. If I could go over. I'm like mom then I'm gonna party. Let me go over there. She said no and I was like man, that's some bullshit. I just can't I remember I was so mad. I just kept slamming her door. I was so mad. She said slam that door or more Tom and I That damn door and boy my mom with my ass y'all but I had it coming dude. I needed that ass-whooping. Sometimes you need to get that ass toe up. I feel like kids nowadays need a little bit of a stow it up. You know what I'm saying? But yeah Iris remember I was in trouble for that and I just knew I fucked up and I shouldn't behave like that. I just remembered that, you know, listen to your mom and your mom says, you know No, listen to and I miss my mom. I'm probably going to call her after this episode just to say hey, but anyway, I wanted to get into some fan questions not questions fans stories. Now, these are fucking hysterical. Most of y'all went to jail. I realized that listening to am I okay. Mostly everybody went to jail. And so let's just get some jail stories. Hello. This is Brooklyn from Kill, Mississippi. Hey, um, so Question was what's the most trouble you've ever been in and I think the most trouble I've ever been in was the time that me and my brother went to jail together. Yeah. Yeah, so I guess this is not really long story, but he got pulled over and had a warrant out so he was going to jail and he called me because I was right down the road to come get his truck. So I did get towed so it wasn't more money and I went and I ended up having the worn out so they had to take me to jail too. So the phone call to my parents was kind of strange. So yeah, that's really the most trouble I've ever been. My parents are kind of cool about it though. They didn't really care go Paris. But yeah, have a good day taboo, and I can't wait to see you at Buca. What's going down at buku Brooklyn? You best believe it. Look who's getting the dopest Abu said I've ever played in my life. I'll just go ahead and say that but yeah, dude, those warrants can be a motherfucker. You know, I was 17 years old. I thought I had a warrant. I did man. I went and picked up my sister one night from a party from a you know, they were older and and she called me drunk and she was as his house party. She wanted me to come get them at so I went into gluckstadt, Mississippi, you know, it's a little bit ways away from Brandon. So I went there and picked her up and I didn't realize I was picking up about 80 other eight eight other people. Well, I had my girlfriend with me at the time too. So we had about 10 people in my Hyundai Santa Fe and we fuck it. We got four. We got a mile away from my house 45 minutes away. We got a mile away from my house driving everybody in my car and we got pulled over. And I got a seatbelt ticket, you know, they got everybody to call their parents and stuff because everyone's drunk I was completely sober but yeah, man, so I got that seatbelt ticket and then I didn't pay it on time. And I remember I was going over my buddy's house all night and there's a roadblock and I was like, oh shit. I have a warrant and I just ducked off and ditch my car and ran into the woods. Come on buddy. Come pick me up wouldn't pay that the next day turns out I didn't have a warrant. I was completely wrong. I don't think they give out warrants for seatbelt tickets. I don't know if it was only a $25 ticket. I was just you know, 17 young and dumb and scared and that was my first instinct now as an adult. I definitely wouldn't have ran or anything. But I also wouldn't have a warrant as an adult man. I'm a pretty I don't get in a lot of trouble even as a kid. I didn't get a lot of trouble. I was pretty smart not smart, but I was just like, you know, I didn't like being in trouble, you know trouble. I Like to Dance with the Devil every now and then but you know, just a little bit of trouble man. What gets me in the mood. Trouble now as an adult though. Mmm. Probably myself women all that stuff. They get me in trouble. So yeah Brooklyn, I appreciate you calling in. Yeah, man, you gotta watch out for the war. Sometimes you'll have one and don't even know it, you know, you know, they're like, yeah, you fucking you didn't pay your I hopped a band and 89 and in North Carolina you like fuck man. I don't know about that. You know, I wasn't even born in 89, so I don't know if that's ever happened, but it might have but here we go. Here's another story. Most show ever been in was when I got my car repo'd a couple years ago. Basically, I was 19 and stupid and got a car that I was way way unprepared for financially. I thought I could afford it then lost my job and the company the collections Company still going after me for about eighteen thousand dollars. So I am Dodge them at every turn left. You don't know my new address yet, but hopefully they never find out about it or I win the lottery. Paid off real quick. Yeah, this is Dimitri calling from Indianapolis Dimitri from every night Indianapolis. They know where you're at now motherfucker. Yeah, dude. Hope they don't find you. Say Catch Me If You Can y'all avoid it? But look, here's the thing too, man. Everybody's night. Everybody's done when they're 19, you know, everybody's done with their 19. Like I don't even know how like these young rappers or surviving actually, they're not surviving. They're all dying. You know, I'm not saying that to make fun of it. I'm just saying what's happening, but I'm just saying like dude, I couldn't imagine being like 19 and Rich. You know, I probably be dead if I was 19 and Rich if I was rich when I was 19, I probably be dead. So yeah, if you're if you just thought you were good enough to buy a car a nice car, you're 19. Yeah. Yeah, of course. You're not gonna be able to pay that shit dude. Good luck bro, but look, good luck on that lottery to man. I keep on trying to win that lottery. I say I keep trying to I by probably like three lottery tickets a year only whenever it's like getting high up. But yeah, man, good luck up there Dimitri, and I appreciate you calling in man. Here's another story we got Hey Taboo, it's Cobra calling from Florida. Cobra. Saw your post about the most trouble you've ever been in and I for me, I would have the city was with times that me and my friends all took my mom's car pond my friends Xbox. He just got for Christmas use that for gas money and drove all the way to Denver while all of us were on probation. We ended up getting arrested and caught at King Soopers. I like for Lakewood cops behind us arresting us for shoplifting and I had to do the police escort all the way back to South Dakota, but everything worked out but I was definitely the most trouble I've ever been in. My life was not worth it. Don't do it. Don't do it. All right everybody. Listen to COBRA from Florida. Don't do it Jesus y'all did everything you stole look mom's car upon your friends Xbox for shoplifting. Driving states away man. I was dumb when I was a kid, but I wasn't that dumb but let's Okay, that's what she called Fuckin up and there's nothing wrong with that. You know, you live and you learn you know, you do all the dumb shit whenever your kid at least you did done shit whenever you were like younger, you know, if you do dumb shit as an adult, you just kind of our fuck up if you do dumb shit as a kid, you're like, okay, you're just a kid, you know, you don't it's nothing else, but that but man, I wonder it was there ever a time when ever you were your buddies. Looked at each other men, like, you know, maybe we shouldn't be doing this because I know whenever I was getting in trouble or all the times I've got in trouble. I knew I was like I shouldn't be doing this, but maybe you didn't know you shouldn't be doing this and you just said fuck it. I like to you know, I Was Born to Be Wild, you know what I'm saying? But damn Cobra, I hope all that stuff happened before you were 18 years old and it didn't stick with you if it did stick with you, you know, keep fighting the good fight. It ain't gonna end your life. Here's another story. Okay, so I saw your Facebook post of God. that face My name is Sam. I'm from the Detroit area on covid. Yeah, Jason from fucking hell, so pretty much I got caught smoking one blood in Royal Oak. If you're from Michigan, you're gonna know those cops not very nice. So basically went to court got put on 16 months had early release like possibility there, but pretty much I fucked up. I thought I could play this just Very well if I would drink when I wasn't supposed to and then I would like test clean and all that that screwed me over pretty well. I don't know where I'm going with this. I'm really high. All right, a portable breathalyzer that I literally had to blow three times a day at 8 a.m. 3 o'clock and 8 p.m. And it took a picture of you and it told you exactly where you were saying pretty much like it's Heather and then I almost went to jail 3 times because I didn't do my community service. I drop dirtiest shit ton of time. And what else did I do? Bring us about it. But you know, I don't see jail must do times you driving dirty. Oh another thing is is when I was on probation. I was taking your I was sick. So I took night quill and then I had to test the next day and it showed up as an opioid so that almost sent me to jail, but that was kind of messed up. I don't know if this is going to do anything for you. If you're going to use this or not. I'm definitely using it doesn't know anything how I wanted it to be but the things I'll see you on Saturday for your Detroit Pontiac show. So stoked for that so stoked for that. Thank you so much. I think it was Sam you had said for calling in from Detroit. Yeah, man those drug test but like damn probation. I've never been on probation, but I had friends growing up her on probation. Or I you know, I had a I think I had like a friend or two on probation. I just remember being at like high school parties and people be on probation and be like smoking and I was just like wow, like what's it's not worth it. It's not worth it at all back in high school. Whenever people were like on the football team or on probation. They would smoke spice and they'd smoke, you know, you know that synthetic weed and I smoked spice one time on accident, dude. Someone handed me a bowl and I was and Isis be a big weed smoker when I was in high school not not so much anymore, but I got hitting me a bowl and I hit it and I was like dude. What is this? He said it's weed and then I hit it again and it definitely wasn't weed and I was very very angry and I that's the one and only time I've done it and I will never do it again. But yeah, man, that's drug test can be a bitch. I know my best buddy whenever we were growing up. We you know, we'd get high all the time as Mom would do at home drug test. And I remember one day we got high as fuck after school. Dude. I'm talking about fuck. We were in a treehouse. We were so hot. Do we were as hot, it's hot as we could see do you were like, how high can we get? We saw a tree like that's where we're going bro. That's all ha we were and his mom texted him and she said that she needed to come home that he was doing a drug test dude. He ate like ten to a hundred nice and anywhere in between his skin was red and itchy and he was sweating drinking as as much water as he could even think to drink trying to pass this drug test and he passed it dude. He literally left got drug test passed it came back and we got highs again, dude, but I remember I got drug tested in school and I was all right. I didn't smoke to any weed at the time. So I was all right, but I appreciate you calling and telling that story. It's a good one, you know. You're a younger. I'm assuming because you know, if you're an adult and you're smoking you're on probation just know it's not worth it. And you know, it's just not worth it. Y'all just watch some TV and masturbate, you know, that's that's a new ha. But anyway, this is the last one we got. Hey there, taboo. This is Dustin from Milwaukee. Hey, Dustin, actually met with you at the Miramar show. That was off me. And mr. PDR for me. That was fantastic to answer your question. What's the most trouble that I've ever been in? You know, I have a hard time think of the most trouble I've been in but I can't think of a great time where I got out of a lot of trouble. Oh, I had a final for a while. He was an Indian religion course in college and the final pay-per-view. Worth like 50 percent of my grade was do it like 12 p.m. On a Thursday the time of the final and you know, I have been up for the whole night trying to write this paper and I fell asleep. I woke up late and it wasn't done yet and I didn't know what to do and I saw that the Dropbox was going to close exactly at midnight and I all I did was I uploaded my English paper and like 11:50 and what ended up happening was. Was he sent me an email that hey you sent in the wrong paper. I kept writing that paper. I got it done long story short got out of a lot of trouble and and it's turning the paper and later that day saying I was driving and didn't have any Wi-Fi while I was driving smart. So that's the time. I got out of a lot of trouble. And again, this is stuff that for Milwaukee AKA Jesus Christ. Hey, hey Ka filter on Daddy. Yes, Dustin. I loved it. I love Tha hype. Where would you call it, man? And I remember you dog appreciate you coming out there and Milwaukee Milwaukee was dope. I had some shitty cheese curds though, and I thought they were going to be tanked last time. I was there I had to give ones but you know next time but yeah, man, you got to procrastinate, you know, when you're in college or whenever the hell you were I think you said you were in college you procrastinating. Hey, ma'am, do what you got to do and now like your spit on it talking about the time where you got out of trouble. That's good, man. That's really good it has Has me thinking when's the last when I got out of trouble dude, um, I guess like a pregnancy scares a good out of trouble whenever it's not true had a late. I want to know if this happened to anybody else out there. I had a lady lot of me one time and told me that she was pregnant so I would you know, just so I would stay with her we were dating for a little bit and I was going to break up and she knew I was trying to break up with her and she told me she had a kid. So if anybody else has been out. Going through that. Please. Give me a call and let me know that story because it's a really good story man. I was fucking freaking out about that. You know, I remember ask my dad and my stepdad and all those people and everybody I could that were older at any of them had a woman lot of them and say that they were pregnant so they be with them in every single one of them said yes, and that's what blew my God damn mom. But yeah, man, you said it was like a Native Americans class man. I never had any type of class like that, but also So I didn't do a lot of classes so that explains it but slick movement slick move dude. Good job on your part. Thank you for calling and Dustin and thank you everybody out there who called in this week man. I really do enjoy doing these episodes man. I really do enjoy doing this podcast, you know people especially seeing people at the show's get hyped about it and people calling in and just people having fun with it and that's what I wanted to be. I wanted to be fun and I'm having fun. I hope you all are having fun listening and I appreciate everybody listening. I hope you have a beautiful weekend. I'll see you all next week. You know, I have some episodes recorded with gas but here's the thing guys. If you want to have a guest on your podcast don't do it with a fucking DJ because management sometimes don't like don't like them doing shit. They're not used to doing I'll just go ahead and say that but I love y'all. Thank you so much for listening and I'll see y'all next week. Peace.