Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Oh my God, this is Emma Lori. 91.9 Busta Mor shake it baby. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning artists went out then. I'll shut that right there. Ami's 7:30 on a beautiful and sunny and bride Thursday morning us the webos. It's February 27 2020. That is enough. But I've got a big bump a good vibes with Mumble Abu senior mortar with a lion. Um Tres he lost a curb or so. Kereama lie healers know God was so fun. Come on, I mean young-hee last king. I'm babbling and I didn't bomb Bernie bit of bitter. Good morning, cause I'm getting a new arm peanuts feeling. I'm Megan choppy sex. She beautiful Allah Moyer a dilatory. Nandemo on Maria feeling. My name is Rico Suave. Barry I've got it. I came I could hear my video webos boy and muster webbing that don't even work at the end or overlap on the advanced amyotrophic Thursday. Those photos photos 10 years old Master. What am I going to change is my teacher and my husband grab your change good morning, and I think than and grab people by Thursday. Anyway, Thursday man tomorrow. I'm done for a Cobalt not going to side Fellowship nights at the conic Sky among Architects members are united architects of the Philippines Kita Kita dozen young Fellowship neck Obama suppliers the media apis on Saturday and jump across a grand opening a clinic open Mozilla, but organic energy grand opening opening. So the warehouse the other my Corrales. Thank you for inviting me. That's a new monegasque albana clumsy girls Herbal Remedies and all the way from Davao City. That looks awesome. Salamat, thank you sirs. And you'll begin by it somewhat. Okay. Bye. Yeah, boom boom. Anyway, seven thirty minutes ago banging on February 27. Good morning Santa nominee Elena. Hi. Not like yo-yos. Are you so Boone tank in a couple accessible like an abelian an ID a Pinochle worst language therapy. The billion ID baldness on U-turn part of Lying by G. No, enter, correct. And good luck that they now must a giant thing a mock exam Quran it all up my day custody last night. Good morning. Got on gay grabbing a gig spectral almost angulimala uniform put on animal gasps. Oh one of the language insensitive and gasolina mean My young aminos up an animal bleep bike. Are you? Okay? Beryl Ballard is a Highway regardless will get pump or ammonium national highway. So for example gonna Moussa koussa goes to Mama. Ending on dark pan by a thermocouple is Miguel. So tell us. highway system It doesn't belong in your head lowered Lovin Every Day. Yes, Baba. Good morning Cody at the mock-up Amelia gamma nutritional Nikki pity pic de gallo on toothpaste what any orders for ammo palette button? Or boss is a Shaggy iru Booga struggle. Good morning love with this. Am I glad because the feeling and what a defensive nothing account. We call you going we'll move it like you can appeal in a good morning. 738 good morning. It's a great morning Thursday morning last week of February. Are you done among I own? Ok, go go man. Among coyote machines are now more women are friends during a machine gun or no gun man upon her account of them are probably negative guy. You guys are gonna follow my Concierge in a feeds in your mind prop Master go get up or symptomatic. My dad told my dad told me that the woman was not good enough percentage of Latino kids. I mean somebody must better and if it knew amongst am I an organic Ian iconic iconic iconic only for healthy lifestyle. But I need to come self body goes. It's a really important. Come on. Come on guys every day. Come on come come on vamanos. I'm or Denis. Goodbye. Slam. Come on feed yourselves with positive energies some on Facebook, but now we're not going win the following a page or not. We know following our friend a syllabus. O- selig yo-yo and friend or he unfollow like he promised. Are you okay it again you stress and Yuma lives everyday mu Prime is working on the button every day. Why not? Give him a cellphone Li K o- gallon can of cell phone. Lamont so Mom certainly will not so what I know you go put me someone to talk to - I gotta remember Sonny pain gonna is a diode because he said I'm not going on - the boss or visit your dentist seriously. Looking on I tell you I promise. I hope lucky Primacy of playing as a human ourselves locai against him on Facebook Nick. I mean among my registration do they must be positive? Dubai I mean, those are my problems upon Tau Some of which is most yourself with positive energy. Yeah. Goodbye. Ron yourself with positive people normal Amana problema. Always the positive sign. Instead in American democracy name of the enjoying a lot of you know, not like field trips. Not a good it's all in the mind Sauber linger at least Naka Elkhorn. Friday bubbling 744 straining you're gonna bring it home open the article, but it's all about unpack David me president Rodrigo duterte say apology. So ABS-CBN. Oh mmm. No, I accept the apology. But I tell you honestly in will not intervene interview her fear interviewed. I will not interfere a big economy and just did not do him presentation of CBS Olynyk on you. Come on Tasha game about Dinah brand. I don't have paper enfranchise the solicitor general. And give us a long elongated you David apology accepted. very positively See lethal English hero for never talked on appeal of a years really know what friends they did more work meal. Eaten and secret Tony brother. Bernie be a little too big in this I'm going to get you dig in. my partners in crime before see boy typically to English 0 Infinity scaly total hardness orisha subunit approach until like approach that they're feeling But lately Lancie booty parlor PM's I was a Facebook was just a lie saying happiness as in Iowa and finish them on man. You know what Angela has a coma? It looks at Google I/O Whitney lemon a secret highly partisan a couple one of them. We've on the town. I'm gonna make a salad in a forgiving de it will no longer put on climate, huh feeling now more Awkward not all And Mike this dance could we say aha for that certain person lying in her Salon Ganesha. So what we gonna be there's thing and I said, yes, I'm gonna go see doc. All right, then. I'll be having lesser for today. I rated SPG strict import new by Agra by number gulong. Go along marring me master cylinder Mama lingua hiigara son sexual horror or Drogo nahin, Deon Cole, Summer, Ibaka. Dee Dee Why do I love you Maria feeling era and Rico's was away? Oh, no, we ads if they're gonna go Nina Simone World. Okay, Martin. Okay. Hi young soccer comes it was younger growing. Am I thought about what I can see Tycho Bosa nugget ago boarding house. Always I'm gonna be trouble on open up English Orion more. Ba-lakay Omaha, but like our own Monica Sarabeth's Peter Lang Yuka Sosa Karim sahib Wombo Combo support to you to your mom or Monday following Friday rolling apogee focus on Tota Nepali language. Like imagine not gonna die. Komak pad pad, you know, what's real open Aqua more? I didn't you got both. So now look you're gonna need some soccer ball. I never joke about on the guy cuartos de cuarto Ptolemy Kabul boxing. Oh, come on, Sal has solid dining Commons, but is he our commands? Iconic solid car? So sakata O'Malley bomb single the real Now get up a great boy. Take a name on boarding house daily, man is exclusive for girls glamour boy Sagle me in English mix mix mix mix me meaning we mean, okay Marty. Same as in higher education, I stumble upon. Hi Marty. I'm not gonna bite but you do say Mor commit anomaly go chambray ceremony. Good morning, Paolo one up buggy, but somebody goes and one of them is as I'll assume our new photo simply more demonic. Yeah, are you very much. How does an IT issues a boarding house? Reckoning issue gonna get it back and I get by hit sellable. Yeah. No, that's a t-shirt that issue good man. Baby, is it ready? I said gutting a little bubble morning. So you got him with your salad cell phone. I also want to see her boy liberal Emeril Lagasse problem. Really sub 1 okay now not enough. Okay. Look you over. Balance is not what did he have? recorders I'll put a box about brother gonna record. You know, they said this is the top be sensible and good. I knock on the door. Hey, Dorian, owners are twice kike. It took a single is our lucky day. We ain't no he won't I daren't some money is an important program adorable. Thank you. Oh my God, I feel Maliki. Transform lie dying the post. I got him on Facebook. Like he's shining integrating house. I don't be angry. Get him a boarding house. Yes pitiful. What's wrong awkward? No one could go Lee awkward. I mean like, you know Comfort the boy could do the cookie feeling, you know, a couple leaks out if we sign off. My boys will always be boys feeling pick a sweater girl. Everybody is concerned but we going to see more people and supporting a picture picture picture picture along the boy. I'm so scared. So yeah, what's up? Don't be what am I going to be stuck at downloading music shorts. Look be feeling that pulling connect the dots. Mm-hmm. So you can unlock a Lackey good Society Le make we don't need to borrow her ass. Be the bomb mechanical B and C are public we can lean on someone gonna happen anymore, but I caught him and then lady. My luckily cool deleted on my own accord. Enjoy. Did he did he did - I'm good evening. Junk. Oh. first time Leah Huh? Nice one. I remember then get a muffin been sick Bill single pass all the borough's ramanamma. Without easy ta opening locks to see are Ina take one down a gamma Dash equal Lang who goes to here? Okay Anderson onigiri poopy git repo repo dear forgive it. A shower and called good grief. Oh my God seamer Force bill bill. Hey, okay, Gabriel become a fellow wise so bad. When well, how do ya know? Okay, we perfect angle deeply. Oh my God. I know only that but they can't breathe. Carla misaka be hungry. But anyway, let me up in a delicate nose on them go free, but Inseparable Glory conditioner. When I wanna break some rules. Huh? Good morning, honey. William one one one. Jupiter will be knowing I lucky. IC am super depend on quality going to do that. You Samantha pantanal want to expect but I think it's gonna come on living a lie bong. And I'm putting it in the goodbye and inshallah we can shop a bug or shopping alone. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Well, then when will a bunch of morning I'll soon be permanently Suburban same since well No One's Gonna know, huh? misconduct following the WonderCon Nat them is a police station and police Gibson gets MRI Sabbath being a multi-billion shampoo. Double jinkies, I don't know 1,000 a symbolic Bali Cambogia favorites span. We remember putting it on a loom Emma. I got him in Ukiah consumption in Beijing it nearby you should cigar young and in DotA Teleportation talking about Jing Atlanta in London and Lita. I'm going to put a sticker possible orders now. It's already 852 all Asad Shah sink one by dust pneumonia because it's Thursday so our thanks to Eric Tara Minami. That's how I'm gonna die young celebrity doctor nothing or lucky but dark Jerome possum. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello my young bun tugs at home a couple million listeners. Good morning. Good morning. Morning, Maria fake. Good morning. Chirico OG. How about some sickly a bar brother Bernie? Oh, thank you. Thank you stress cards of traffic. Well, AA me Canon for me. No, I'm gonna deliver the way traffic more Quantico. Russia I only newest resident police. Hey every day another healthy thirsty thigh at the yes twists and turns up and drama. Hmm Jing get ready for the police station. I'm station Commander buggy. Boozing it up and saw daebak. I really really but then deal in a socket in order bullying and so good. Yeah, English terms of budget is actually stay by your side. Spell stay did economic ability. Really want that there was nothing but there been someone that I next time. Hello. Okay. Thanks. Bye I'm spelling Kion am disappoint Facebook live again the or on our Facebook page sparing Society is Laura my chart. Actually. I've known Steve why? Aye so I'm medical term and you want to get him with type of medical term. Dirty Maria fee actually talking about this is a medical term is a horgiboum for Georgia l'm spelling. Also Chris be something about an amino group the Long Way spell heard you Lumpur chillin watching getting along. Hello. Miss hor de ol um, Hardy Loom yes so I'm wedging them is or a style or service area Pub Jing it is actually an infection no was a kidney infections are follicle or sang new on the roots of the lashes yes the eyelashes eyelashes or pillock meta so cool and in her and normal normally man good for my lashes do nanoshells a gonna get anything but remember the room he acts up go Glen Canyon and and what and normal Anatomy is I don't believe Marta is an agonized shake and a bit down what I call this hair follicle know and as our follicles are lashes OG style sauce route and I do negative work no oil glands oil glands yes well dance yes no oil glands and purpose and Aniyah is music written Ashok an immoral man natural oils natto in ordering I don't believe Marta my moisturize knowledgeable Garth Brooks cane I scare ya just like our as Cain I don't scowl I don't know our Lord if I'm not gonna shut my eyes but I'm normal genome at the counter okay so so can I - ah once the oil gland is clogged or my brother Hansel here for Assad eyelash follicle now delicious McCargo was so my trap shut Side, that's why more changes our mood board. No mobile cha bong-gun. Kolonko a certain hair follicle monomer board and eyelid or and I look up and of course with eventually I'm captain pack baritones increase in pressure and everything that I own pretty much infection. So the inflammation plus then I bacteria so much infection morning Dinah and I nana na Mo gonna go us know him. Now saggy so good. So I'll keep an eye on the battery. Go go the likud really card. It's actually not Billa card. Oh, no, it's a minor infection. It's just that going opposite that of course Como de OK, shaggy mane Dana and I'm a joke. Yes, well in a way yes, Marta bombs as long as it is done properly and aesthetically her but sometimes has anyone public matter more more. So of course mud rain Tonga Tonga was or Nana. So more than I more or less than and cargo bag because well a dimensional is not clogged and that in that sense mechanically like improve your job, but if mag persist because deny infection happen then an anti biotic is in is needed. So again composer summertime, but still skin Channel didn't get your part time allowed. English Paseo is that Arrangement? God Lamb of God against diarrhea Fish Cat yes of important bio and prevention of conference. I would hop get soda prevention good submerging. It is always gonna be don't clean your face. No with soap and water and then wash it thoroughly but a deal is that McGee a billion economy. Our OG residues suborn know and use Menachem illogical and Chaos are hypoallergenic. NE can amass a boner somebody Booboo time today. And for those ladies ladies. This is my barring a my healing my bottom of makeup, especially mascara, you know cannot be careful with that if delete nimona shock and a bit limp. Johan at the end of the day then I'm gonna mascara then bread. Shyam akikazu clogging and Makara predisposed or more increase the risk gonna make a budget Gap now. Hold on. Are you Donna and home remedy appeared a that drama classes. They told her the loom nor language in get the negative of my internal hard you loom and external heard heard, you know internally externally a and external hard you're gonna climb. Okay - I heard you loom which is actually very common. Okay. I'm internal heard you. Illumise Captain Atomic after an improvement a while and I don't go bad guy and I'm a bored accountant. I am oh so high my experience and my name of Baroda ilum know that's an internal heard you look sometimes it's going to be difficult to gonna be tough to get rid of that. I'm a banana KCC on the Chernobyl, LOL my moped. Salome but I'm Kasha and manga home remedies would be pretty cock own internal external and internal vaginal lubricant Morgan and warm compress you Nana, of course combat. Go behind the bag. I would advise my major cold compress lung every bug monk. Are you inflamed comic one promised him some more. So can I share and then eventually my wedding coming alternate? No, but then if persistent your Charred, Alicia Malala. It is best to consult with a doctor for proper examination. Michaela could be environment. No, also, I'm obon In fairness. Well, okay, but younger brother burn because sometimes God Naima other comorbidities comorbidities like Mama diabetes. groans am I in my soft tissue infections but I did not see ya okay all those Cattle Man Mulligan are conducted on heavy makeup user that was illegal in Piazza Della hampi Karnataka not now put aside do you bang the genetic connection what else worst so many more semi bulging did others about gatien's well delegate guy you called me one and complications of a little Mission while I could become that kind of Rio like for example treatment come for example computer earlier Joomla Naima antibiotics now ointment Dian coma then and I favor then an oral antibiotics may be needed in order to address the infection all right so Case Closed come on lately daily automatic Budget on yeah okay Ignoring the negative and Medicine organ. Look I don't have any medical legal. In short called got Quan. Can I get a name Nagi relationship? Me I should say more aboard. I think I got more battles. Especially is a joke me Bernie OG - good. I'm gonna Nia and relationships. Gamma. Don't know someone come again you in class. God loved me. D cool gang legally do hey did you guys hear you say please okay Eric are you may inquire in terms of money and time are possibilities a new honk are not getting mangled body but hopefully Hoagland I all I'm sat down more power more go soak my greasy Taco over the messenger or ok bye well good cannot see ya know someone even on finest doctors and Comics comic suggest followed me all stumble whatever happens I knew huh coming and but at the same time producer named Omar the nice umbrella my goodness I patient-doctor relationship so also yes there you go and also for those hunger nanaka visas this is a request as a general public number that doctor on behalf of my colleagues and I'm gonna doctors if for example oil Co and connecting not me but the own and you need good among our medical certificate Kun uh Mega body at the time go immediately to the doctor I only need to do and doctor to change the category meaning my pizza Mañana okay just come on yes my phone I write and I call especially common Street okay a new employer thank you thank you very much all right The boys and take boiled egg and boil it up and boil it basically any Chick boy really want a boy little boy. but if symptoms persist consult your doctor