Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the molars in the back all was well in the Ashanti Kingdom until one day they were invaded by the British. They wanted to take the land and its riches the British soldiers captured the king and they sent him to live alone on a Faraway Island. They told the Ashanti people that the golden stool was there's now and they even tried to sit in it something that even the king of the Ashanti Kingdom wasn't allowed to do this made yayoi-san trois angry and she decided to do something about it switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush the inside. outside and chewing side each tooth Yeah, it's not trois told the Ashanti soldiers that they had to fight the Invaders, but the men were afraid the British soldiers had better weapons and they've taken the king. So yah, a Santa. I figured if the men were too cowardly to fight than the Ashanti women would fight the Ashanti women were inspired by yacht and joined to fight with her the courage of the women encourage the men to join them and y'all had the Ashanti people into battle. Switcher brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and brush your front teeth, too. The battle was long and fierce sadly after a long fight. Yeah, Santa was captured and sent to the same Faraway Island as the king but the people of Ghana never forgot her courage and today. Yeah. Santa is known as the warrior Queen who fearlessly let her people into battle because of her bravery and Leadership. She is today's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers tonight, but we'll be back with more tomorrow until then we to Chompers is a production of gimlet media.