This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area baseball patties lot of great happenings going on in the Dubuque baseball area. But before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our sponsor. Our sponsor is coach cold bogey from Appleton, Wisconsin and his tournament business ultimate. Arts weekend reach out to Cole on Facebook at Ultimate Sports weekend or contact him at his website www.ultratrust.com Arts weekend.com Ultimate Sports weekend creates tournaments and events that are parallel To None are events always feature something unique that will create a memorable experience for our athletes. We strive to create a positive environment that is built on the respect. And competition visit our website at Ultimate Sports weekend.com which brings me to my first Melancholy point of this podcast. My normal assistant coach coach Tyler soglin. He is not able to join us today. Anybody that has coached baseball in Iowa commonly refers to the month of May as hell month or the month. Hell and the reason why that is is because many of us are Educators and the coaches who are not Educators. We work our job from 7 to 230 or eight to 3:30. And as soon as we leave our teaching job we had right to our two to three hour practice which leaves very little time for us to be at home and to be with our family so coach soy gling right now in Madison. Phoenix, Arizona is currently playing in a game and I am joined by the owner of the Ultimate Sports weekend. Former Waller Catholic High School assistant varsity baseball coach and former senior Ram sophomore assistant coach who I took both of my games from them. I swept them in a doubleheader many years ago, but Cole bogey welcome to Dubuque area baseball podcast say hi to the listening Community here Nick. I'm very excited to be here. I love the intro. Yeah, love the podcast the last two weeks and dated to be here before we get into the Ultimate Sports weekend ceremonial first pitch anything you'd like to tell us about yourself coal bogey coach bogey anything you'd like to tell us about the Ultimate Sports weekend and what you can do and what you can offer for these travel teams these Academy teams in our area if they would come and visit you and Appleton Wisconsin and booked a tournament through you sure first off. It's about three to three and a half hours from Dubuque. I routinely make the drive back and forth and always have but as far as our tournaments are concerned, we're running youth tournaments right now. We have four tournaments scheduled this summer starting in early May. Finishing in mid-july 9 to 12 year old teams. We're looking at expanding that to 1314 potentially high school next year and trying to get some games over at the Timber Rattlers minor league ballparks. So we're trying to do some big things here. But our tournaments are parallel To None meaning we don't run with anyone else. We do things a little bit different here. It's a unique experience and that's really what it's built upon the couple times. I've been to Wisconsin, especially the Appleton area of had. Two great experiences except for the to Packers Lions games. I was at where the referees completely hose the the Detroit Lions and the official cost them the game completely cost us our season last year, but this is not a football podcast. This is the Dubuque area baseball podcast and we're here to talk about baseball today one. One thing. I found out that I found interesting and I want to invite you all to do this is you can actually participate in our show. I receive upwards of 40 to 85 notifications whether it would be text messages or emails or phone calls or DMS or PM's whatever you want to call them of people wanting to be on the show people wanting me to name-drop. You can actually listen to this on anchor and if you listen to it on anchor you get the ultimate listening experience. We do mix in some songs we do. Since some background noise you do not get those on Spotify. But Spotify is also a great listening platform to listen to the Dubuque area baseball podcast, but we would like you to interact with our show if you have the anchor app and you click on the Dubuque area baseball podcast, you can actually leave us a voicemail you can comment on anything that we talked about you can disagree on anything we talked about or you can give us some feedback that you'd like to give and we Can actually insert that into our show, so we're going to be talking here shortly about the all area decade team for Waller Catholic High School from years 2009 to 2019. But just a reminder I do I do want to remind you that we are going to cover all for area high school team. We're going to do one every podcast in and I do want to throw out this disclaimer before we start breaking down the 2009 in the 2019 all-decade team for wahlert Catholic High School is this decade team did not come from the high school at all. It is not sanctioned by them. It is not sponsored by them and it is not sanctioned or not sponsored by coach. Ori Tischer at all. I did reach out to all five coaches that were coaching in the area to get their feedback and Coach Tischer respectfully declined to take part in the all-decade team. So all of the information that you are getting from wallets all-decade team is coming from me and my countless hours of research and studying. I did get a little bit of feedback from Gary. Root in who's a Hall of Famer of the show? We'll see if his son Anthony makes the list the only help that I got from coach tissue as I coached a lot of these guys at Mozza Kelly when I coach basketball there and I did Cole you'll come across some of these names as some of these guys we coached us freshmen, but I just wanted to make sure that this list is is as legit as possible and some of the kids on the list played second base for me, but made there. namesake playing Third Base at the varsity level or were awesome pictures for me, but never pitched at Level, so I did talk to coach Tischer just to make sure that I had positions right? I did not want to have Jack Huffman make the list as a second baseman, which he played for me as an 8th grader when he played third base for his varsity team, but this did not come from coach to sure at all and it did not come from Waller Catholic High School at all. This is me looking at stats. Me looking at awards and breaking it down position by position. Jack Hoffman. You're hoping you made the list Cole. Who do you think made the list? Oh my gosh out of the last 10 years last 10 years ago 2009 to 2019 who are somewhat players that during this Ultimate Sports weekend ceremonial first pitch that you think made the all-decade team for wahlert Catholic High School. I mean ones that stand out I would have to say Riley macaron has to be on the list somewhere other than him. I'm thinking of players that maybe I might know a JJ Reimer had an excellent High School career. Gosh, I believe I JJ Reimer is actually the program's all-time hit leader. He's like the Pete Rose of Waller Catholic High School, but we'll have to find out if he made. Add the list I have it sitting right here in front of me any other names that you think made the list? No, I mean there's just so many that I've known over the years and have seen and read about since I've been up here. I've honestly I don't even want to think about it. I just want you to tell me and yeah. Alright. Well without further Ado I did break it down with one catcher. I wanted it to be like a Major League Baseball as as Sybil so there is one catcher one first. Baseman one second. Baseman one shortstop one third baseman three outfielders a DH and three pitching positions. No closures because generally in high school you don't see a closer. Again, before we unveil the list. This is coming from 100% me. Okay, the other programs it won't be that that same story. I got I got some feedback but coach to sure who is going to be a guest on the show. We are going to interview coach tissue and he actually made an odd request when I talked to him the other night we can do these interviews and we can do everything over the phone, but he actually wants to do it in person. He actually Wants to meet at my home and sit down with me and my studio, which is my kitchen bar area and and he wants to join me there and I welcome that and I respect his decision for not wanting to participate in the Waller Catholic all high school team. So without further ado. Former catcher of mine at the Freshman level number three pitcher at my freshman level JJ Reimer made the list as their catcher like I shared before he is on Waller. It's all decade team for 2009 to 2019 left-handed stick hits to all Fields great catcher behind the plate defensively study student of the game. I believe he went on to play at the University of Northern Iowa. I could be wrong about where he went on to play. That's why we're going to have Coach Tischer on here sometime. But I believe he's coaching college baseball right now. So JJ, if you're listening this give us a retweet Dubuque area baseball podcast any idea coach, who would be the first baseman. Well kind of backtrack a little bit about about it you can so So one that doesn't surprise me that he would be he be our catcher on on that team. I think his sister played at Uni softball. It comes from a great great baseball softball family there. So yeah, but first base. I don't know Nolan Tim. Maybe I don't know if he played first base at the varsity level. It is actually not Nolan Tokay. It is Austin Savvy former basketball player of my not only is he a good left-handed stick good left-handed Fielding first base first basement. He was also an outstanding pitcher for them. But he's making the list as a first baseman Austin Sabri a former three guard. Great basketball at Mozza Kelly, but I lost Austin is continuing his career as a pitcher down at Winona State. So Austin if you're listening to the Dubuque area baseball podcast best of luck this year. Give us a retweet. We love hearing from you second base and he guesses on who made the wahlert Catholic High School all-decade team. Well one player that that stands out that I had was actually his brother Alex averey. He played second base. As a freshman as a sophomore on that sophomore team and I believe he might have been moved by the time he was at Varsity, but that that's my guess Alex. It was not Alex Aviary. It's a player that when I researched him just had monstrous stats from the second second base position a guy by the name of Levi Amin. Can you tell me anything about lie about Levi Naaman? Yes. Yes. Oh, I believe I had them as an 8th grader. His first summer and then when I was the assistant coach with the varsity, he was up there as well. But very very hard worker very hard work. That's the one thing that stands out just a stand-up guy and I'm sure he's a great young man. Haven't talked to Levi and a long time but absolute great baseball player great baseball mind and very very hard worker shortstop hands down Riley McCarron. Great athlete great base. Runner hit all all all Fields smart base runner and you know Riley would make plays at the at the varsity level that I don't think I've seen a lot of people make I mean, he could go first to Third on a ground ball on a ground ball to the third baseman where they didn't double them up on second base. He could make some plays up the middle make some plays in the whole if he got on whether it be a walk or a base hit it was pretty much two pence. Penciled in triple he could steal a bag and went on to play at the University of Iowa. I wonder what would have ever happened to him if he would have went on and and given baseball a try but went on to Iowa played a couple of years at this practice squad for the Patriots does have a Super Bowl ring that I saw his sister wearing on Facebook. Holy cow. That thing is enormous, but Riley macaron is wahlert. All-decade team. He's their shortstop any guesses for third base. I don't think you will know this guy, but any guesses on Thursdays, I would say Andy over Hoffer, but he was before my time. So he wouldn't be here Nick Hoffman. I remember him. He potentially be our third baseman. Neither one of those guys. That's actually a guy my first year coaching baseball is Head coach freshman coach at wahlert under Cherry rolling. This guy was not on my team, but he was in that class outstanding bowler but a guy by the name of Andy Ehrlich left-handed stick slap hitter great defensive ly and he's just one of those guys who sprays the ball to all Fields take what the pitcher gives them. But Andy Ehrlich is the third baseman on the wahlert Catholic High School team. Now we're to the Outfield three outfielders any outfielders off the top of your head. Ben Oglesby He did not make the list. Okay, maybe Nolan temp. He might have been in the Outfield. Also. I know we haven't said him yet and I guess them earlier but Nolan he is not on the list. hmm II don't know I'm at a loss man. You don't know you don't know Waller Catholic history all here cause I've been little I'm a little I'm a little disappointed here. It's almost like that blind leading the blind but outfielders. This guy is currently playing it co College great base stealer. He reminds me of the former major league baseball player Brett Butler for the Los Angeles Dodgers real short small left hand. It's stick hit out of the Eat a position playing for Coke College was my starting quarterback at Mozza Kelly as a seventh grader Isaac Evans. He used to roll out. Throw it to Kordell pencil in the end zone there, but Isaac great baseball player great baseball mine currently prepping at Coe College. The other one also is a catcher but made it as an outfielder. Also former quarterback of me at Mozza Kelly is Jimmy McDermott. It he asked starred at Waller past couple years and he was one of those guys where you could plug him in anywhere and he would do a great job defensively seems like every time wahlert was down he would get the big anytime wahlert needed somebody to step up and make a play. He was always that guy that was hit in the Gap were to win the game or throwing out the guy at home plate to win a game. But Jimmy McDermott made it as an outfielder and the other Outfield. Have I don't know what did you say this guy guy by the name? But Judd white. Did you say Judd white? I did not that's a good pic though. I support Jeff White. What's your time? Right? Yeah, he was younger and then I had moved away. But yes, he was in the program at that time. Yeah, Judd white just had monster stats. I remember trying to get him out when I was as a member of the Hempstead staff and he was just he was a tough guy to get out which brings us to To RDH probably one of my favorite players I coached at wahlert. The DH is Jack Hoffman. So I'd like to give a shout out to a sister Haley. She was at every game Gina and Paul his parents. Just great people. I still connect with them regularly my tailgate it with them a couple times at Iowa games good times and Jack very outstanding pitcher to he actually won pitcher of the Year award. When he played for Co for his conference, but while he could hit with a lot of power worth sacks high like I did I always liked that about him played played a good Third Base, but wow, he could he could drive the ball. He was one of those guys when he came into the box. I mean, he could hit it 400 feet at just the drop of a hat if you happen to make a mistake there, which all right now we move on to the The pitching staff so after looking at all of the quick stats from 2009 until 2019. I was able to narrow it down to three pictures. It was very tough because wahlert Catholic High School has had many great pictures lot of them who are mentioned before with Austin tsavorite and Isaac Evans and Jack Hoffman. Odds are three pit came up with our Alex temp former point guard for me at the 7th grade level for Maza Kelly coach bogey. Do you remember Alex temp that all I do he was pretty young and never got to coach him. I coached his Brother Noland but Alex was one of those up-and-coming players in the in the program. Now the next guy his dad used to be the former head football coach. Coach at the University of Dubuque, Zach brautigan and Zach brautigan. Holy cow. Did he have an intimidating look on the mound? He was a tall guy. Great Bill do him. I believe you went on to play college baseball, maybe even college football as well. But he threw four pitches and he threw four pitches. Well was always in the zone and always through very hard. So is that brought again making it on the wahlert Catholic High School which leaves us? this last guy some might say you save the best for last but when I think of my time coaching varsity baseball in Dubuque, there's two pictures that stand out in the area that it seemed like we just could never hit at Hampstead and every time we played them we just could not get the bat on the ball and this guy actually I believe beat us twice when I coached it Hempstead in one year because the home and home with Was canceled because of a rainout and rescheduled for a much later date, but it gets us to Anthony Rudin Who currently is a coach at Waller and at Clark University now, I know you know Anthony Rudin. Well anything that you'd like to add coach about Anthony Rudin doesn't surprise me that he's that he's on a list for sure. But yeah, I got to coach him actually as an eighth grader at wall or tan the blue. Mm. It was one of my first years coaching actually and it just a quick story if I can if I can plug it in there, but don't worry. Actually, he actually played little league and I believe I was for the Angels if I remember right and he had come to me during the season and said hey coach, you know, I pitch a little bit I said, okay, you know, but there's rules in the Independent League where a few you pitch high school. You can't pitch in a little league anymore. And he said well, that's okay. I don't pitch a ton but But yeah, I'd love to try it for you. Okay, so we through and he was he hadn't grown into his body yet. He was didn't throw a very hard. It wasn't very fast wasn't super accurate, but we worked a little bit that year and and it just it's one of the stories I tell I tell my players nowadays about because Anthony Rudin was a guy that you looked at 8th grade year. You're like, he's never gonna pinch, you know, he's not going to log a lot of innings, but now you look back. A can you think man he did that and anyone can do it, you know don't give up on that don't give up on a kid too soon because man they they can surprise you. Yeah, you think about all the awards and the honors he one standout at Clark University actually pitched in the Northwoods league for the Waterloo Bucks out won some awards there. I was really surprised. He did not get drafted. I'm surprised somebody did not take a late-round flier on him with all the success. S he's had just for being a gamer but it's crazy to think that somebody wasn't even pitching for their independently team goes on to make probably Anthony rudin's greatest honor of all being named to the Dubuque area baseball podcast all-decade team wahlert Catholic High School addition. I mean, that's a pretty good pretty good honor. I would say wouldn't you coach that's that's like the cherry on top. I think for him. Yeah, it's great. Seeing a lot of former players on their JJ Riley. Austin Sabri Riley McCarron Andy orlick Isaac Evans Jimmy McDermott, Jack Hoffman Alex temp. They also did I also did come up with some honorable mentions again one last time before we wrap up the Ultimate Sports weekend ceremonial first pitch is again. This did not come from wahlert Catholic High School. This did not come from coach Cory Tischer. He actually declined the invite to Provide me with the team and I did all the work on my own but here were three guys that were honorable mention. I mean their stats were just huge. You have to give these guys a mention a catcher Cody teelin former player for me at the Freshman level division one pitcher, and he actually was won tons of awards at Waller as well. But Matt Huffman the catcher as well and then you mention him prior. Nolan temp so honorable mention Cody Thailand Matt Huffman and Noland Tim. Congratulations on being named to the Dubuque area baseball podcast honorable mention for the Catholic High School all-decade team coach anything to add before we move on to our next segment a lot of good players on that list Nick. I'm excited to see all the other area high school teams as well a lot of good players, but even better kids turned turn great. Absolutely. Choose which is always good to hear which brings us to our next segment, which is the Dubuque and Spotlight. So here are some players who have prepped at the high school level here in Dubuque that have since moved on to college now exactly that I thought deserved a shout out. So we're going to start with two Western Dubuque guys, Dylan Godot West Dubuque product. He opened up his senior for Wartburg and set the school record for most cases during a season. He actually fanned 16 hitters and was named to the division 3 team of the weeks of Coach got oh great left-handed pitcher. I say coach gato because he does coach at Western Dubuque. I had an opportunity to coach with him last last summer great kid, very knowledgeable guy great picture and he's one of those left-handers where if you walk or if you get a base hit he might just pick kick you off first base. He had that great of a pickoff move. So congratulations Dylan got on that first amazing start for Wartburg. Actually a Wartburg single-season record most cases 16 in a season opener. We also have Greg Bennett former Western Dubuque product. He went to Iowa Western Community College and when he was at Iowa, Iowa Western he hit over 350 and had an on-base percentage. 439 when I think of Iowa Western Community College, I think that football show on Netflix that you and I watch last chance you yeah, and I remember I remember Coach Brown getting his players all hyped up to go play Iowa Western and them just getting hammered and then in The Following season season for him actually getting a ejected from that game. If you have not watched this you on Netflix great show free plug here from Dubuque area baseball. As Netflix I want some kick back on that but to get back to Greg Greg moved on Greg Bennett moved on to play baseball at Middle Tennessee State. He's currently they're starting left fielder and he is hitting 227 but more importantly is his on-base percentage of 346 and I think batting averages the most overrated stat in baseball. I don't care what your batting average is I care about how much you get on base and Greg Bennett. Doing a great job at that getting on base at a 346 rate and actually believe it or not Greg bend. It was recently trending on my Twitter. He made a catch against Alabama diving catch in front of the shortstop laid out full extension grab that was trending on Twitter. So Greg and Dylan from Western Dubuque. Keep up the great work quick shout out here to to senior products Jacob. Ermine just recently recorded his 300th strikeout for Clark University. He's wrapping up a great great career at Clark just earned his 300th strikeout. So congrats. Kermit on your 300 strikeout and then Sam lank. I feel like this is this should be renamed the Sam Link podcast because it seems like we talked about Sam Link every week on the Dubuque area baseball podcast, but Sam Link just recently had his first hit. He recently had his first start at DH and he drove in two runs during his first start. It's for the Hawkeyes the University of Iowa Hawkeyes. I'll be kind of curious to see how they use Sam length from Dubuque Senior He's listed as utility. I think he could play every position on the field. He's that knowledgeable about the game of baseball except for catch. We know when we hear Mariano Rivera's music in the background the podcast is coming to an end just like the game did when he entered stick around. closing time Normally, we have a sit-down with soiling but since coach Tyler cycling is away at his baseball game were actually going to have break it down with bogey Cole. What's on your mind? Well, first off, I just want to say thanks Nick for having me the podcast I think is has been a breath of fresh air, and I really appreciate you having me on here. Nice to know kind of what's going on in the area back home here and to know all the baseball things that are going on. So thanks for having me. But I want to talk today about our umpires and our umpire situation that we have going on. I'm a tournament director up here. I run tournaments in the Appleton area and I did a couple back home in Dubuque before I moved up here. I'm also a varsity head coach now and have been for four years. And one thing I've noticed is we have a lack of umpires. and this was very apparent a couple years ago when I was actually coaching at another high school pretty big high school in the area as an assistant and we were having to cancel freshman baseball games because there weren't enough umpires and I you know, I know it's hard to find umpires in this and that but I didn't realize we had such a shortage a lot of our older umpires are now retiring not able to do so and we don't have enough young umpires getting into the game to replace them and we're kind of Bind here and I'm a little worried in 10 years time what it's going to look like. We're already canceling high school games and high school teams are not scheduling nearly as many games for their kids which which is scary. You know, I want these kids to have every opportunity that I had to play as many games as possible and I think we need to be very conscientious about how we treat our umpires we have to understand that these are human beings. They're doing the best they can part of the game of Baseball and sports is human are that's just part of it. And I think we sometimes we feel like we're entitled to get on umpires as coaches as players as parents and that's not the case. That should not be the case in any good coach will tell you that but you know, the thing I was thinking about was as a baseball player if you have a horrendous game and maybe your team loses and you feel like it is all on your shoulders. Your teammates are going to be there. Patch on the back. Hey, come back ready to go tomorrow. We'll get them tomorrow. And we move on we move past that but with umpires we hold them to a different standard. They have a bad game or even one bad call and all of a sudden, it's man. Hope we never have that guy again. He's terrible he blah blah blah whatever it is and we can't hold them to a different standard and that's part of the game. They are as much a part of the game as our players and I just wish people would would open their eyes to that and understand that. Talking badly about them to them is hurting our kids. Coach thanks for taking a minute to break that down for us. And that's also a huge shortage in Iowa as well. But that brings us into our last segment of closing time. Minute with manaman parents you have one job? Be supportive. Be supportive of your son. Be supportive of his teammates. Be supportive of the coach be supportive of the program. Be supportive of the player playing ahead of your son if you want to coach coach. Turn in your resume. High schools are looking for High School coaches. I believe my job is still open out at Western Dubuque apply for my old job if you want to coach coach. Do you want to be a parent be supportive you can't do both? You cannot do both. parents it is not your job during a game to coach your kit from the stands. There was nothing more frustrating last year Watching kids step out of the box and look into the stands instead of looking at me from the third base coach's box in 18 years of coaching. Parents freely will walk to the Dugout and start talking to their children during a game. Coach rap says this at his parent meeting The Dugout is not a place for parents to hang out. You don't see parents sitting on the bench with Coach Deutsch during a basketball game. You don't see parents sitting by the starting block during the swim meet. You don't see parents standing in goal at a soccer game. Parents be supported once you talk negatively about a coach a player. Your children's views changes. They lose a little bit of respect for that coach. They start to look down teammate. Be supportive. Be supportive, you know as coaches. We don't want your opinion. We know when we make a mistake. Were the hardest on ourselves when we make a mistake? We don't need to hear it from you. If your son's not playing it's simple the person playing in front of him is better than him. We don't hold grudges. Be supportive. You don't have an opinion and Coach Casey Bryant says this at his parent meeting. I don't want to hear your opinion until you come to every single practice. I don't want to hear your opinion until you come to every single scrimmage. I don't want to hear your opinion until you come to every single game because the decisions we make aren't based on what you see. We have loads and loads of data that we make decisions on we have hours and hours and hours of interactions with them during the off-season during practice during bus trips during games be supportive. If you want to coach coach coach your son's team at the Apparently apply for a high school job and and you can have these opinions. But if you're not coaching and you're being a parent be supportive, once you leave the baseball field and its you to one-on-one you can coach but your children should be getting their guidance and their instruction during games. From their coach did a buek area has outstanding coaches. Let them do their job. And you do your job be supported and just like that 6-4-3 were out of here. Welcome to a new segment called Extra Innings that I am only adding to the wahlert Catholic High School baseball all decade team 2010 to 2019 after listening to the playback of all four of them. I realize that I did wall art Catholic High School a disservice. It was the only one that I did not list any stats or any awards for and I am truly sorry about that. So Hopefully this Extra Innings will add to that episode. I would like to thank the 474 people in the Dubuque area baseball community that have already listened to it. So here is what I pulled that I'm going to add to this. So the all-decade catcher for Waller Catholic High School was JJ Reimer his senior season. He hit 477 with an on-base percentage. A 537 he scored 49 runs 62 hits 13 doubles 2 triples 13 home runs 63 RBIs and stole nine bases during his senior season his career stats 77 runs a hundred and twelve hits 33 doubles five triples 15 home runs and 100 and 10 RBIs and he is that program leader in hits the first baseman. I did my research came from Austin Sabri also a very well-known pitcher Austin his senior year had an average of 400 on-base percentage of 481. He scored 34 runs 52 hits 16 of those being doubles for those being triples for home runs 39 RBIs with four stolen bases his career at wahlert. He scored 76 runs had a hundred and 37 hits 27 doubles 94 RBIs and nine stolen bases brings us to our second baseman that I identified was a ball player by the name of Levi naumann Levi nam in his senior year hit 341 had an on-base percentage of 458 31 runs 43 hits 72 doubles 11 RBIs with 13 stolen bases his career stats. At wahlert 66 runs 87 hits 15 doubles one home run 25 RBIs and he stole 22 basis while at Walmart are shortstop and he did not play his senior year he went off to Star at the University of Iowa for football is Riley McCarron his junior year stats. He hit 465 had an on-base percentage. Age of five 66 68 runs 60 Hits 10 doubles two triples five home runs and he stole 48 bags during that time. I wonder what Riley would have put up for numbers if he would gone out that senior season his career at Walmart. He scored a hundred and sixteen runs had 125 hits 17 doubles four triples 10. Runs sixty four RBIs and sixty five stolen bases which brings us to our third base. And this was the one that a lot of people were blown away that I recognize Andy Ehrlich as the program's all decade third baseman, but when you pull up his senior year stats at third base, they were ridiculous and their well deserving. Maybe that was the reason why I got so so much hate on this pic or so many people said this that there were snubs at this position because he's back from 2010 unknown player to people that are in the area in the past five or six years, but Andy Ehrlich his senior year had an average of 424 had an on-base percentage of 524. He scored 38 runs 50 hits nine doubles three triples 35 Eyes and had 10 stolen bases. I did not pull his career stats because those would have been before the 2010 year and the DH for Waller. Also played third base a young man by the name of Jack Hoffman his senior year. He hit 438 had an on-base percentage of 500 scored 34 runs with 56 hits ten of those being doubles three being triples eight home runs. Runs and he knocked in a remarkable 61 RBIs Jack's career stats at Waller. He scored 67 runs had a hundred and two hits 23 doubles six triples. and which brings us to our outfielders that identify and our outfielders for Waller were players by the name of let me find my notes Here. I know Jud white was on that list. I know Isaac Evan was on the list and then also a catcher who played quite a bit of Outfield was Jimmy McDermott. So Judd white stats his senior year he hit 383 on-base percentage of 477. He scored 38 runs 49 hits nine of those being doubles three triples one home run 33 RBIs and I've been stolen bases Judd White's career stats 70 runs 98 hits 20 of those doubles nine triples twenty five stolen bases with 69 RBIs Isaac Evans little fella in center field his senior stats. He hit 349 on-base percentage of 503, which is remarkable for a leadoff hitter. He scored 44 runs had forty five hits three triples. I'm sorry. Three doubles eight triples one home run 16 RBIs and 16 stolen bases Isaac Evans career stats while at Waller were he scored 86 runs 92 hits 11 of those doubles 40 triples and 30 stolen bases last guy Jimmy McDermott again also split time between Catcher And Outfield, but his senior stats he hit. Five on base percentage of 463 39 runs 53 hits 11 doubles five triples, three home runs, 30 two RBIs and 23 stolen bases his career stats while he was at Waller. He scored 72 runs 72 hits 16 doubles 16 triples three home runs 44 RBIs and forty four stolen bases, which brings me to the pitching staff. And I did add Austin tsavorite to this list as well. Just because when you look at his pitching stats, there's no way you can talk about in all decade team and not have Austin Sabri on the list Austin savarese season stats as a senior 12 and 3 win-loss record 71 strikeouts and era of 1.01 and opponents hit off him 197 Their average his career stats while at wahlert 25 wins to only 11 losses and he had one hundred and sixty nine strikeouts Alex temp his senior season. He went 3 and 241 case had an era of 1.92 and opponents only bad it 202 off of Alex temp. His career stats eight wins test just six losses and he struck out 76 guys during his career. We also have a young man by the name of Zach brautigan many of you probably haven't heard a Zach because he was earlier in the decade but his stats will blow you away senior season. He was 11 and 1 he struck out 86 guys had an era of 2.24 and opponents bad at 217 off of Zach brautigan his career record while he was at Waller was 18 when means and only two losses and he struck out one hundred and six batters during that time last one who everybody knows some might say you saved the best for last but is Anthony Rudin and his senior season at wahlert Anthony went eight and two eight wins to two losses he struck out 70 guys had an era of 1.71 and opponents only hit at 164 off of Anthony his career record at wahlert was 14 and for 14 wins to only four losses and he struck out 123 hitters during that time period again I just want to say thank you for listening and I am sorry that we did not provide those stats when we released it thanks for listening and tune into future loads of the Dubuque area baseball podcast if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast let me explain first it's free the creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast are all on your smartphone or can be done from a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the anchor app for free anchor dot f m-- to get started post game show is brought to you by Christ I can't find it the hell with it. Thank you for listening to the diffused area baseball podcast. You can find us on social media Facebook and Instagram by searching the Butte area baseball podcast. You can follow me on Twitter at coach. Manaman go to Apple podcasts. Give us a five star review finest on Spotify And subscribe.