I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to.fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new interviews. We put them out to a new interview every Monday Wednesday and Friday thanks to everyone who leaves the comments in the comment box is in the various places that you can hear this podcast. I was appreciated hearing from you guys. You know, whether it's a What about the interview or or what you liked about the interview or what? You didn't like it kiled. Stop talking so much. Let them talk some we're seriously whatever you want to say. Thanks so much. If you can leave a review, sometimes that's that's helpful as well. Of course if you're not subscribed and this is your kind of thing. Take that chance. You can find us in all the regular spots Spotify Apple podcast YouTube Stitcher NPR or ever get your podcast. I'm Kyle mayor today. I'm talking with King cruel Archie is back with a brand new record called man alive. Live it's got an exclamation point at the end of it. So I assume that must be interpreted in the way. I have to say it man alive and we're going to get a little bit of the insights into into what this record is from its Beginnings. Well, at least the first moments we heard a lot of these songs are a handful of these songs in the hey World short film that came out last year though in a much more stripped-back version which allows him a little bit of a tribute to the guitar as he'll tell you to some of the deeper themes that will find within the record depression loneliness how he approaches the writing and the When you're writing about it in real time versus when you're seeing it in the rearview, aren't you recently became apparent last year too. So, of course, we'll kind of figure out how that has affected this record and if it affects his art at all, is that something we put too much weight behind especially as interviewers and we'll hear about some of the the outside music that might have influenced this record from tracks from Solange Nina Simone and the Beatles interestingly Archie's going to tell you that the Beetles are really only something that he's recently got into and that's a different angle than I think most Most of us are used to also ask about when as a songwriter. He knows when a song is actually finished and plenty more beyond that. So let's jump into a talking about the Record Man Alive. It's Kyle Meredith with King cruel. Yeah man alive, which is such an interesting new record. I mean you always tend to do something very interesting. We had our first taste of these in the you know, the kind of stripped back acoustic live version jizz with the hey World short film. I was sort of wondering, you know, presenting them like that. It was there any other reason than to make the film? I mean, it kind of presents them in a much less produced way. You know, I wrote was those compositions which is me in the instrument. You know, the guitar has been something in my life since I was very young his giving me, you know, who kinds of things giving me money giving me love to give me hatred enemy despair giving me pain. I was traveling with me for a long time and just went to respect that. Ocean he did remind me of those Lo-Fi short films of like the 80s and and maybe even the early 90s. Was there a specific direction that you guys were looking for any omage treatment. I guess we can assume the first the first performance like February 2019 when it was snowing and that's in our God and that was just a one-off thing and then the people who sell the record climate of You know, they they saw it and they for all greedy like the couple more and I was like No And then I was like get fresh lemons do more. So I do some more of them, you know, if I'm going to do some more make it whole big thing, you know, write a narrative to it and try and construct some kind of story throughout it and yeah kind of like that and I was just surrounded by all the environments that depicted in it. So I just wanted to make Most of that like, you know with respect to your personal life, I would have to ask naming it. Hey world if that had anything to do with becoming a parent at the time to which is I have a son and I feel like that was a phrase that I used a lot, you know, and those first few months. Yeah, most of the other you mentioned in the press release that you know half of the part where at least portions of this record does come before Parenthood and some afterwards. Can you hear a difference in the songs at that point if it was the writing process and I guess I don't know that part of it, I guess, you know. Anyone's life is constant Evolution and change Cadence's goes on around you. I think I'm constantly changing. So I don't know. I think it's just natural to that happens. I don't know if we put more weight on that especially as interviewers as we're just, you know, a lot of times, you know, people look for content and everything, but the idea that Parenthood can change the direction of an artist as much as we think it might and maybe that's something that you see More in the rearview as you get further along, but I guess that is the question. Do you see that? There's a big difference in the way. You've approached Arts since becoming a parent approaching. I would say that my anyways is the reflection of my life is honest depiction of a lot of stuff that happens to me. So in that I'd say that yeah, we're naturally has to kind of change but you know, I wouldn't be able to comprehend it and I won't be able to be able to analyze it because You know, I'm just living just walking around just freezing the same way as I used to I just kind of you know, it was one of the biggest changes in my life for sure. But now I don't pay too much attention to that. I will bring up a few of the songs, you know with the first single don't let the Dragon drag on what I be far off base saying it's a song that hits on depression. I was writing about it, you know sort of seeing The idea of loneliness and seeing depression in the rearview writing about it in that way instead of being directly in its. Is there a difference in the songwriting angle when you get to look back on something like that? I like that you said about the review. I don't know perhaps that is that a reference to a species of alien? Can you explain that a little bit because that I I have no history with that part of it whatsoever. But it sounds really interesting the French who who us of ours Fantastic Planet English don't think I don't know. It's just it's just the system that there was this kind of watching the same time and was just like, you know is finally took references from it. You should watch it. I would love to I mean And I'm always happy when an artist turns me on to something that I wouldn't have known about otherwise because I don't I don't think I would have known about that. Otherwise does Nila for young yet? I mean online I think maybe on genius is something it says she co-wrote is she part of that song. Yes. She's only some sea salt with the I kinda just used to voices an instrument is somewhat true. Is that a cappella that she said Bo posting in the song Smoke Rise and I really like that song. So I reached out. Also affected help Focus because I really liked the tone and the textures are very tolerant and texture through Carnage us and I kind of sleeping that when I listen to music and yeah, I just wanted a couple minutes is of it and then you know, it just kind of became an instrument for me. And so yeah, just put it on some songs. She's an amazing artist. I mean she's brand-new to us over here, but I love what she's done. So that was really exciting. To kind of see that the collaboration was there. Anyway, yeah that that quality you're talking about. There's a Spotify playlist that I think is from you. It's definitely on your page and everything that goes along with presents other songs. I don't know possibly as an influencer or just as something else to listen to and that was sort of wondering that is there a significance of the songs you use because that dreamy quality can be found a lot in there with especially like Solange or you know, one of Nina Simone's deeper Cuts I think. Said someone probably makes it from the stuff I play on radios and when you know, when like people asked me to write like lists of songs that I listen to I think it's the it's a kind of amalgamation that but I've never I've never seen it written down. I think they just come from kind of radio shows were played the stuff. So now it is music I listened to for sure and I think that I do really like that kind of music do I guess it does still well into my own when there's a few things on there even belong beyond the salon Janina that I mentioned like the Beatles A Day in the Life is on that list and I thought lyrically like musically, I would not automatically, you know, put the two together with what you're doing on this record and that song but I feel like lyrically those two might be, you know closely related somehow I listened to the Views probably like the first time properly in my life sight loss those banking records. I always hated it. I grew up listening to our music teacher at school. Like if you like to be uses I'm wrong with you. Now. I've kind of matured and realized that I really liked it. And yeah, that's just the composition and respect. It's interesting. Usually a beetle. Yeah, I mean not for everybody but the Beatles is a youth reference for a lot of people, you know, they get into the pop thing early. So it's talking to someone who comes at it later on. That's yeah, I think everyone's open. Rotational stuff I'll kind of close out there is a song on here called The Dream It's A Beautiful song Too Short song. You know, I think it's only like a minute and a half or something like that. Do you find you know for like a painter? It's always a question knowing when the painting is finished. That's the hardest thing. A lot of painters will tell you that, you know, when it comes to painting do you find that to be a challenge especially on a song like this? You know, that might be shorter. Do you ever think like do it? Does it have a thing like is this finished or not? No, I think you know I've seen then you know, like we talked about on the Hayward video. I can interpret a the compositions in whatever way I want to And while I could stretch out if I needed to show think you know, I don't put too much pressure on myself. Sometimes the recording is just the kind of just a moment in time. That was a transitional song. Anyway, I really wrote it for transition, but you know it manifest in whatever kind of way it has to live. I've and actually the title comes from from the sculpture schools and dream. Is that something I can look up to see again? I'm using this as an opportunity to Enlighten myself. Yeah, I think there's methods out there. We could probably find it. Well again, it's all made for such this, you know, interesting and beautiful little creation of a record here, you know, and I'm so happy that you're doing what you do and I always appreciate the music so, you know, thank you again for the new record for man alive and Artie. Thanks so much for taking. Time to talk today to so does this is really interesting. Thank you as a nice day and thank you for listening and interpretating and music anytime man. Thanks again. Take care. My thanks King cruel. The new record is called man alive and thanks to you also for checking out the episode here. But before you leave, I hope if you're not already, you'll consider subscribing to this series. You can do it really just about anywhere on the internet that if you're listening to this somewhere, there is a subscribe button in front of you. But that does include YouTube Spotify Apple podcasts and all the big hubs around podcast land after that had to W FP K dot org where you'll hear me Monday through Friday at 6 p.m. Eastern with an hour full of song premieres music news anniversary spins and bonus interviews. And again, that's W FP K dot o-- r-- g-- consequence of sound has your music and film news. You can also find me on just about any social media platform at Kyle Meredith. Does it for another edition of Kyle me? I'll see you next time. Consequence podcast Network. It's easy to hear your favorite artist on W FP K from wherever you are. Listen on your smart speaker live stream from our website at wfp K dot org from Louisville Public Media.