All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently building a home which showed should be complete here sometime in the middle of April and and I've been working part-time in a foundation that works exclusively with nonprofits. And so it's been I've had a chance to do things. It when you're full-time coach or full-time position and and having to take care of that you never have enough time. And so I've been able to reach out and give back to this community. That was so good to me for so many years and I'm involved in things like Habitat for Humanity doing laundry for the migrants that are crossing the border. Involved with the Boys & Girls Club, so I'm staying busy and really enjoy what I'm doing. Yeah. That's awesome. You have you've got grandkids, right? Six-five granddaughters and a brand-new grandson. Oh, wow. That's cool. Very cool and great we get and obviously get a chance to do quite a bit of traveling to visit them. So that's been that's been it's it you hear about what it's like to be a grandpa, but when you until you actually experience it, it's just the best. Yeah. So what is it? For you not to be on the pool deck every day. I hope you enjoyed that part of your life kind of glad to be done with that. Well, I don't want to say I'm glad to be done with it, but I'm happy. I'm very happy not to be in charge of anyone anymore. I think that I gave over 50 years to the sport of swimming from a coaching standpoint and it was an amazing 50 years, but now it's time for me to do something different. Everybody has that opportunity and I just wanted to make sure that after all those years and all those absentee from my family and from just you know, how the draw of that I wanted to be able to do something else in my life while I was still young enough and active enough to do it. So I miss the most important thing that I missed or the or the thing that I miss the most is the relationships with the athletes and with with the other coaches, but particularly with the athletes. Yeah. Absolutely. What are the things you learned of a time that you feel like are important for younger coaches to here? Well, it's it is different now than it was many many moons ago in regards to I'll give you my son's the head coach here at the University and we get together quite often and spend a lot of time. It's exchanging ideas and talking but I think the critical thing for for young coaches is to Probably be a very good listener. I've always believed if you if you allow someone to talk long enough that they'll tell you what they're really thinking and so understand your athletes be a good listener. And then that I think it's it today. I think you need to be very deliberate in the direction that you give them and why you're giving them that direction. I think there are more I don't want to say challenges from athletes, but I think they're more they want to be more involved with the process. We're used to be maybe you would follow a coach blindly now, it's a little bit more of okay. I'm going to follow you, but I want to know why I'm going to follow you. So I think being a good listener and making sure that your detailed in the way in which you explain things to you. Young athletes is very important. Yeah, that's awesome. Really good advice though. Yeah. I just had a conversation with one of your long time assistance rectum on and and he was telling me that You know you gave him the freedom to be able to create within the structure and within a program in the trust within that as well. How how did you approach that with assistant coaches as a head coach managing your assistance and being able to give them the chance to create. I think every organization and when I say an organization, I mean whether it's swim team or a business or something you kind of have a couple of foundations that you want to follow. So for instance, let's just take swim team X Out in somewhere. I think whatever you really do believe in you need to make sure that The organization understands that so whether it's obviously attending practice or making sure that you know, they focus and pay attention and making sure that they tell the truth and making sure that they realize that they're part of something that's bigger than them. So we started off with something like that and then we had sort of a we had a weekly outline that I thought was important. And that we follow so every group could have some interchangeable athletes. So for instance on Monday afternoon on Monday morning, we would stress something whether it was aerobic training or whether it was kicking or whether it was pulling or whether it was raised paste. So I think and then once you do that, then you can turn your your coaches loose because number one. If you have if if we have an athlete that is predominantly a hundred swimmer, but we need them to be able to do a good 200 as well. And then they're also on the floor by 50 relay. You can interchange them at different times with you know, couple of times a week maybe stretch them up to something a little bit differently so they could be in a different group. But yet the coaches are all on the same page. With that and that way you don't get the the repetitive. We're okay Coach damad just did a whole set of you know quality 50s on Monday afternoon where the rest of the groups are all doing aerobic and so that way and you want your coaches to have autonomy you want them to use their creativity you want them to be be able to be to grow as a coach and that's critical. I think if I would just write out a bunch of practices and give those pieces of paper to coaches that they don't own it and you want your coaching staff to have skin in the game and that way they're they're all in and they trust you and you trust them and that's in my opinion. That's what makes for a great staff. Yeah. How did you keep everybody on the same page, you know? I want them to have the freedom to create and but you also want to stay within the boundaries or the system of what you believe in and and you want everybody working together. What are some of the things you could recommend to to coaches just to kind of keep everybody on the same page. Well, the first thing you would want to do is make sure that you've met with your staff once a week and just just talk about swimming and talk about the athletes. Is there anybody in particular that were that were struck that struggling right now? Is there anyone over master or being overtrained? And what what tell me let's talk about what we've done mad that you think has been very productive and Because we want we need to do more of so it really was just a matter of regular communication and and making sure that we were covering the bases with our athletes. So if you have a structure set up where you know what each you know what the team is emphasizing throughout the week. There was really never any and also doing something together. Gather as a team, so I'll give an example on Tuesdays and Thursdays the majority of the team was in the weight room prior to afternoon practice. And as you know, most of the time in the weight room the probably 75% of the exercises are upper body. There's a few lower body exercises, but the majority of them were upper body exercises. So we would we would do it kick set as a team. That was very significant. And when I say significant, I'm talking about probably start at about 3,000 and sometimes we would build on that but but everyone knew that when they came up from the weight room that it was going to be a very brief warm-up and then we were going to do Some serious kicking now. I didn't my distance swimmers weren't involved in the weight room per se in that in that they would go in and lift, but they would lift at different times of the week and they would live in a different structure. So they would be in the pool when the other athletes were in the weight room and we would do some some significantly long pull sets on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, so, While while the majority of the team was in the weight room, the distance kids were doing a lot of points. So they were basically getting the same type of strength training so to speak and then when the team came up, The distance kids were finished with their whole set. Obviously the kids that were in the weight room were finished with their weight room work and we all join together and we did something together twice a week and that was kick sets because it was a very it's very difficult to ask people that are focusing on fifties and hundreds to to focus on hundreds that are being done by your disc and swimmers because they are just not relevant. You can you can take a swim over and ask them to do x amount of hundreds. But as you know, after a period of time, there's going to be a drop off with distance swimmers are going to be much more. They're going to be much more consistent. Yeah, so but but when it comes to kicking sprinters can kick all day long just like anybody else on the team and it was great because kick King is something someone told me one time that ticking as is 90% will power so it wasn't wasn't it to do something where I was going to ruin anyone for the season. It was only going to make you better and if you look at the best athletes in the world, I don't care what stroke they swim and what distance they swim they are good kickers, so we would just lean on their legs and it didn't matter if they were 1,500 people. If they were sixteen fifty people because as you know, now everybody that storms of Mile, they practically pretty much six pm entire Mile and everybody that's the best in the 50 and 100 and the 200 and doesn't matter what stroke your great kickers. So that's what we did because I really felt like we needed to do something together that every person on the team respected each other for what they were doing at the same time in the pool and that It kept us close as a team. Yeah, because you can't you can't you can't hide on a kickboard know your everybody can see what everybody else is doing. Yeah, and one of my struggles at Toms was you know with a big team to as the head coach everybody kind of wants some association with the head coach. Obviously, you know, you come to that college to swim for a certain team and a certain coach and you want to have some contact with that head coach, but you Obviously be everybody's head coach. So was this also a way for you to be able to get around and see everybody and connect with everybody on the team? absolutely, and you know, I would when someone's kicking on its key things when someone is kicking on a on a kickboard you can you can talk to them, you know, and we kicked long course pretty much all the time because it long course you like swimming. There's no there's no wall to to rest on or anything else you it's kicking and it's kicking for real so I could yell out to somebody. Hey Brett. You told me you wanted to be a 133 200 freestyler and yet I've got women over here that are that want to be 144 freestylers and they're beating you. So what's the deal? You know, I would too. And I don't mean that called out to embarrass them or anything. It was all about motivation and we would have fun with lots of stuff. The other thing I think is important is when you have your various groups at different places in the pool. Let's just say you would send your kids on Thousand warm up or whatever they were doing or whatever was that kind of get them started you as the head coach make sure you walk around the pool and and and talk to the kids and we did dry land together before almost before every single practice. So I made sure that that I tried to make contact with every single Athlete on the team every single day and in some way shape or form. Yeah, just just walking around the pool deck. Yep, that do it going dry land. Just checking on everybody because you're right. They did come to your school because you were the head coach and then I spent I can't tell you, you know my time between morning practice and afternoon practice athletes were lined up outside my door just to talk about life and about what their relationships their family school things that we're going on. It was struggling with one of the coaches on staff. You just you just spend time being a good listener. Yeah. Wow, you are at it for a failure long time at Arizona before you won your first national championship right here 19 years. Well, so what was the difference on the on that 19th year, you know, what was it was just that you had figured. Things out. Did you just have the right pieces at the right time or was it a culture or what? What happened that year where you feel like it's separated from every other year. Well, we had been running up several times it various times throughout the 22 years. I was there and we had a lot of a lot of top five finishes and a lot of top three and top two and things like that. So, you know Brett, you know, as well as I do it really when you're when you're the school and you're battling with all these other great teams. You just hit it takes it just takes the right the right formula at the right time. And that's pretty much what it was with us. We had we had the right women. We had the right men and and it just it was it was our time. So there's no magic to it. It's just it's just being able to have the right kids at the right time. And then swimming at the very at their very best. So there was no felt like it took me forever to 90 years to finally beat some some of arrivals for all those years that who is watching the Super Bowl and it took me Andy Reid 21 years. So I guess I feel a little better. Yeah. Well, I mean you were having amazing success like you talked about but you're not You're not winning the big one in the end. And then you get this and you want team titles with both for men and the women was there with the differences in coaching the two that you felt that that were challenging. Well, I think I mean without a doubt there's there's a there's there's I think a little bit more emotion involved different types of emotion, but a certain amount of pollution involved with each team and I think it's important to discern that and know when when to say when and when not to That that just comes with experience but we we had some great leaders on each side and that that always helps. So yeah, it's it's for all those coaches out there that coach both men and women whether it's at the Collegiate level or the club level you can't you can't just throw. A blanket over men and women and expect it to be the same. They're going to be some differences on some in the way in which people handle the emotion and the drama that happens within a team. So you have to pay attention to that and and make sure that your make sure that you're sensitive to it. Yeah. Yeah. There are a couple of people in your mind that stood out as Athletes that made you know, all the right changes and All the Right Moves and and bought into the program and had success at the highest level. I mean someone that comes to mind for me is Laci no Maya. I mean is there someone like that or maybe just talk about lace your little bit in terms of what made her special? Well, I was very fortunate to be around. Some amazing athletes and as a coach, you can't always predict that that someone is going to join your team and have this this incredible success. I mean, you can't write this stuff and certainly Lacey being from Tucson and swimming in the club program. And you know watching her watch us. They would the club team would practice after the University team and she said the other day that she would. She would try and get there sometimes just to hear what was being said and to watch practices. So she was she was very very special and I'm a leader in every sense of the word. She had she had values and standards that she just stood on and that was the way her life was led. You see these, you know, I do you get a guy who walks on from Elko Nevada who wasn't even good enough to be on on on our women's team and all of a sudden after four years. He's he's an All-American. He finishes in the top eight in an event and and then you get someone like a lord Jackson Who? Walks on from El Paso, Texas and you kind of think oh boy was you know did what was what's happening here within a couple of years. She's an American record holder. So and then you get a guy like right Nathan who's a distance swimmer and winds up winning a gold medal and the four by one relay for South Africa get fourth in the Olympics and 100 freestyle. So, I think that just Hi tells you the number one sometimes coach done know what the heck you're talking about. Number two these people become so motivated. And so determine that and you you didn't see that when they when you first started working with them, but like everybody else you you're blessed sometimes with some of these amazing people that don't even know that they have this within them and Your job is to is to get a sense for for that and how you can figure out to make sure that you find the light switch for them and know it's amazing. How life works sometimes. Yeah, for sure. You mean you had some incredible athletes that I loved, you know coaching against at all. But when I was there just I would just admire all the people that you had just Shannon and one of the things that I really loved watching you from a distance is that the kids really bought into your team concept and they really loved competing for you and they love competing for Arizona, you know any time they would finish a race that throw up the the the Arizona sign that they did with their hands and you could just tell that had a real passion for swing for the school. How did you come? Of instill that passion in and pride and in swimming for Arizona. Well, I I felt like Arizona gave me an opportunity. I have no idea to this day why they hired me. I was I was a young coach coaching at a school that had its limits and we had some success but I just was so grateful to the university for choosing me. And and I just felt like if you came to Arizona, I wanted to make sure it was going to be a great experience for you and realize that you committed to us. So we have to be fully committed to you and what that meant was. It was kind of like I was talking to you earlier. We had this we called we called it the Wildcat code. And it was you know show up pay attention. Tell the truth and honor your team with your effort. And I felt like showing up was never an issue our kids that would meet me at the door. It's you know, it's 5:30 in the morning. We didn't have practice until six because they wanted to stretch for a while or whatever. And so but paying attention to think of how difficult it is to pay attention and you use a great swimmer the things that you had to overcome to focus when all you saw was a black line and heard a lot of slush and going on in your So the great ones are the ones that can focus through that stuff and focus through it when they're they're in pain. So we really emphasize paying attention and then telling the truth is critical because the first time you don't it just snowballs and it's going to affect everybody and then to honor your team with your effort was a sense of Pride that so the very first meeting of the year. Year every year I would stand behind a block the team is sitting on the edge of the pool and I would stand behind a block and I would talk about relays for obvious reasons, but meaning that they're double points. So they're critical at the highest level of our sport at the NCAA championships. But they also you need to know what it means that you you for people have been honored to have been selected to represent everybody. Slits on the side of the pool you four are going to operate in such a way in which not only do you represent those people but you represent your school and you represent everybody that's in the stands cheering for you. And so it's a it's an honor to be part of that. And this is what you need to do. What you think about being on a relay and where you're going to be how you're going to stand what you're going to say. You need to know if you're the person that's on the Block likes you to say something before they're getting ready to do their exchange or maybe not and so you sort of create a bond right away from day one about what it means to be part of the Arizona swimming and Diving program. And if you're fortunate enough to be on a relay what that means. But everybody that's here is part of this family and whatever you do, whatever decisions you make however hard you train, whatever you however you represent. The school in the community is going to affect every single every single person. It's not only sitting here, but Saturday before you and will sit here after you're gone, so we talked a lot about About what that means to represent the university your team your your family everything because this was one big family. I love that message man. So powerful, especially I could just visualize you standing there talking to the team behind the block there as you as you say all that stuff. It's that's that's it. I mean, you set the groundwork in the vision from the from the very first meeting, right? Absolutely, and I tried to do that with the national team as well. And he picture someone like Michael Phelps who has been on five Olympic teams. And you picture someone that's making their first Olympic team and you're scratching your head and thinking okay. What can I say that can relate to my goal? And what can I say that's going to relate to this first time Olympian? And to me it was we need to figure out we need to make sure that everybody understands that you are representing a country something way bigger than probably anything you ever thought in their life. And so I would pull out just a small American flag and I would say, you know, this this thing is just a piece of cloth. but what makes this different is this piece of cloth represents so many things in our history think of all the people that have died for this piece of cloth think of all, the people that have lost limbs for this piece of cloth think of all, the people that have sacrificed for this piece of cloth and even though it's just a piece of cloth you're going to have this symbol on the side of your cap and on your warm ups and on the TV screen and millions of People are going to be have such Pride for you because you're representing this country. And to me that was the that was the only message I could figure out to say to such a wide variety of experience on an Olympic team, but it was the uniting factor that all of a sudden it was like, wow I can so what do you stand on if Are fortunate enough to be on the podium and they play the national anthem. Now, you know why people from America who wants you in expect you to put your hand on your heart and you don't have to sing. It's going to be a very emotional moment, but to to respect it and to respect the flag of the respect your country. You want to put your hand over your heart and you want to just allow yourself to be in that moment. I think that resonated with the two with the two teams that I was fortunate enough to lead but everybody needs to look for whatever it is that's going to strengthen the bond of their team and their situation and it doesn't matter if it's a club program or University or the Olympic team. There's got to be a common bond that everybody can can relate to and feel like they're a part of Yeah, absolutely. And that's definitely what you did a great job all of it both in both situations at the University of Arizona and with USA swimming had great success. What was the reasoning for wanting to become the national team direct? What was the driving force behind that? You know, I wasn't necessarily looking to leave Arizona. I would be lying. If I didn't say I was kind of exhausted at the end of years of of coaching 50-60 athletes it it takes its toll on you and the recruiting and everything else that that's that goes on but I just got a call from Chuck Wellness. I didn't really in probably the I don't know 15 years or whatever. I think Chuck took over in 1997 and then I came on and 11 so that would be for Katie or so in the 14 years. That Chuck was leading and I was at Arizona. I would say we probably had a combination of about 5 minutes of speaking to each other. They're not not in the only time I really saw Chuck is when he would come and the the teams that I had paid because I was fortunate enough to have some athletes make the team he would come and then obviously tassels we would exchange Greetings or something like that, but I was never really close with USA swimming or or pretty much anywhere anyone there at USA swimming except for some of the high the high performance. People that would come and visit me and so I really wasn't looking and he just called me out of the blue and said we I think you're someone that would would do a very good job taking this position. And and I just while I'm really that's not what I'm thinking and he said will please just think about it and I'll get in could we have another conversation in this is this is I want to say it was around Thanksgiving or Before Christmas or something I should check please. I'm very grateful for the call and very grateful for for you even reaching out to me, but we just the holidays are coming up and let's maybe we could talk afterwards. So he called me the week after probably first week of January and said I'd really like to meet with you. Would you consider that and I said well sure but you're not coming to Tucson and I'm not coming back. Colorado Springs because I don't want anyone to see us together. I don't want to lose my job over this and I don't want you know, I don't want social media or anything else like that. So we met in Phoenix drove up and he flew down we met in Phoenix and honestly after just sitting there and talking for four hours with him. I remember walking out to the car where my wife was waiting and I said Patty I would I would work for this guy in a heartbeat. He is just a phenomenal. Jewel little so that's kind of how it all went down and it just I just thought it was if I was going to do anything different now was the time to do it and that's how it worked. That's awesome. So, I mean you got to be around some of the greatest athletes in history and influence their careers in a positive way as well. What are the couple of things that you felt like you could do in that role and maybe some of the things that you most proud of that you did do. To say I was fortunate would be an understatement to to be around Michael Phelps for I was in every Olympics. I was every Olympics that Michael swam and all the way back to Sydney, you know when he was 15 years old and it was I think Fifth and 200 butterfly and to watch Bob handle of 15 year old and that in that situation and being around We took a great coaches that were part of all these staffs and you just you appreciated their effort and the time and energy that they spent working with their athletes. And I think all I wanted to do was I wanted to help them. I wanted to help them in any way. I could be the very best they could be to to allow America to do continue to have great success and I just that's all I thought about so whatever I could do to help the coaches and the athletes because it's like I used to tell athletic directors and I would tell the same thing to a college President. Hey without students. We don't have a job without athletes. We don't have a job. So our Focus needs to be Number one on them and that doesn't always mean that you just give them everything. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about. Sometimes they need sometimes they need a pat on the back and other times they need discipline, but always keep them first and foremost in every decision that we're going to make. And I think that was maybe a little bit different approach when I got to USA swimming was let's remember what this is all about. This is about the athletes. So how do we help them be the very best they could be and started with well, we need to change how we do the funding. We need to change how we select athletes for teams. We need to we need to we need to make sure that our coaches. Are being educated by the very best not just the swimming part of it, but the psychological part of our sport. We need to make sure that every single practitioner that we have on every one of our teams has more letters behind their name than any other any other teams in the world. We need to make sure that if we're if we're considered to being the best the best team in the world, we should have the best practitioners that Best coaches the best organization the best funding the best everything and I wanted to make sure that that's what we did and and I just wanted to make sure that coaches could reach out to me and let me know if there was anything I could do to help them be better at what they were doing. Yeah. Well, I think you certainly achieve that. It was a great period of time for USA swimming. And like you said you had some incredible athletes around at that time. You were able to be in an observational role as well. Whereas you not as Hands-On like you would be if you were part of the coaching stuff. So what did you observe from Michael what like watching Michael and and do the things that he did is it just is it just all Talent or what? Can we learn from Michael that we can say everybody can could do. Do similar things and have success. I think what separates. Why when you look at everyone in the world that makes it to the Olympics or the World Championships or the NCAA the final group of eight? They're all extremely talented there. Are they all have great talent, but why does someone get their hand on the wall before everybody else and that talent pool and I really believe it boils down to the two things that you have complete control. Burn that is the attitude that you take. and the work ethic that you apply and Michael's attitude was I'm in this to win. in his work, ethic was Was Second To None he worked hard at what he did and his attitude was his effort and his attitude was at the highest level it needless to say. He was extremely talented very very talented but so is so we're a lot of others that would challenge him along his career but his determination and his work ethic or second to none. I'm always impressed. Really. Yes. Sorry. I think that's really am think that's really important for everybody to understand. There are two things that we all have complete control over in our lives our effort and our attitude on another no matter what we decide to get involved in whether it's business or sport or just how we get up every day. It's your attitude in your effort. You have complete control over you may not have control over the amount of town. If you have the amount of intelligence that you have but you do have control over those two things. what enabled him to go out there and perform under that type of pressure just a sense of he was able to number one be confident. He was he was confident and number two is ability to focus. And and block everything else out and then you just when he walked out on the pool deck you just move it if if somebody was going to beat him. He was going to make sure that blood was coming out of their eyes and their ears because that's what it was going to take in order to beat Michael Phelps. So he just had he had a mindset. I mean even when he wasn't at his best and he would be probably the first to admit that the London Games. He was not at his best. But you know, he still walked away with six medals. I think for gold from London but his determination. There he was. In our sport, it will just an old slide. I consider him the greatest athlete I've ever seen. Hmm. Yeah, I had a situation in Rio that I've that I tell people from time to time my experience with Michael was very limited, but I was an observer as well but in Rio, I remember he swam a race. I can't remember which one it was. But I know he had an event within the next 30 minutes after that race. And so what I was in the warm down pool, which was just outside the competition pool and you're obviously had to you know, go through some tunnels and get to the Calm down Pull. Well, it must have been within this space of about two minutes from him winning an Olympic gold medal to the time that I saw him maybe even less than two minutes. So I'm watching him on the big screen when this medal and his reaction. I turn around talk to one of my athletes turn back around and then there's Michael right in front of me and he's running towards the warm down pool and he Dives in and he starts cooling down immediately. So it was like he went from being an Olympic champion to he flicked a switch and was like, okay on to the next one. Now. I know that's easy to say when you win but there was he certainly had moments where he would have to figure out those same situations whether he won or not. But from what I could tell he compartmentalize things very, well. He was able to focus really intently on a specific moment and then switch off and move. To the next moment very quickly. Would you agree with that? Absolutely. I don't I couldn't say it any better. Yeah, I had just had that experience that stuck in my mind. Like wow, there's my clutch soaring way in and boom here. He is and then and then he goes back and you know, 30 minutes later. He's I think he's swimming on a relay with with his teammates and like you said they gonna have to do something special to swim past Michael Phelps and and it was very rare that that ever happened, you know. When I was a young coach I used to I used to watch other coaches coach like Eddie and coaches that were successful and a little bit older than I was and not only that but I would also watch the best athletes warm up and you can learn so much just by watching and athletes even at the Olympic level on the American team. They would watch Michael do exactly what You just said put his hand on the wall. When an event at the highest level at the Olympic Games and knowing it already had it planned out in his mind what he needed to do to get ready for the next thing and that's that. I think yes experiences is your best teacher but in order to gain experience you need to pay attention to what's going on in front of you. To see that and to see how people warm up how people warm down how people coach at the highest level. Yeah, absolutely. Tell me this. How do you deal with how did you deal with jealousy and competition? Let's say and maybe where it got to the point where it was where it was even ugly. I mean Creek recruiting can get ugly sometimes and things like that. But how did you deal with your success and other people's jealousy? Well, I tried to just I really just tried to focus on on on on us on our on our program and I really didn't I didn't get very involved in social media or anything like that and I didn't. And as far as athletes on the team all sports think just think about how all sports operate with similar issues in basketball. You have bestowed five. What what what is the person that's number 10 Off the Bench. How do you keep them engaged involved and ready? You've got maybe 25 men on your team and you realize that there's probably you're hoping that there's The core is going to be roughly around about eight men. Let's let's just say or eight women out of that 25 and how do you keep the people that know that they're probably not going to make it to the ncaa's when you're going to be able to select 18 people. What are those other seven thinking about? How do they how do they stay engaged in all this informations? Four years of training hard yet still never make it to the big stage and it is a coach that 24th 25th person has to be just as important and follow everything the same way and is treated the same way as the best athlete on your team. and that's I know that sounds that sounds unrealistic but it is very realistic you don't treat someone better because they're better than someone else now you may you may set your practices up that they that you challenge your best athletes and you expect everyone to sort of go along with that same program may be different intervals or maybe a little bit different This or something, but you have to treat everyone the same because they're they've committed to you. You've got to commit to them and when they feel that you can negate a lot of the jealousy and you can negate a lot of of the you know, talking behind the better athletes backs or the or the sum of the jealousies and the drama that goes on with the team. Can you ever completely eliminate that there are going to be some years when it's more difficult than others, but I think if you treat everyone the same then at least you have a chance to keep a united front and people that I mean, how many times is in your coaching career as a young coach when you were coaching age group kids a kid would come up to you and say well I I beat her every time in practice and she beats me all the time and meats and the only answer you can say is well, you know and your heart life's not fair that the one that wins in the meets all the time. So the 12 and unders is just more talented, but that doesn't mean that you can't teach someone. The attitude and the effort part of the puzzle and maybe eventually they can work their way closer to that person that maybe isn't that the same work ethic that somebody else is so there's always all sorts of ways in which you can challenge and put a bar up for someone that's on the team for them to accomplish something and in keep them engaged and keep them United in what they're doing. So There's I don't think there's a perfect way because we're all humans and we all want to be the best and we all want to be noticed and we all want to be congratulated and we all want to be feel like we're contributing and I think that's the most important part is that you make sure that everyone on the team has something can to contribute and you point that out throughout the year of what that means to the whole team. Yeah, absolutely for sure. Was there a time in your career? I'm sure there was I had this many times where I felt like I failed a certain swimmer or I failed a team like did you look at yourself sometimes and say that what you know, I failed you or I you how did you justify that with them, you know disappointment and failure with some of your athletes. Oh Bret there isn't a coach on the planet. At least. I don't think there is that. They're just absolutely dies with their athlete if they don't perform at the level that they believe they can and the very first thing that comes out of your mouth is that God would have it. I called it out. What are they out of that cell with individual. I feel there are times to this day that I think of as a young coach the mistakes I made. With some athletes that could have achieved so much more if I would have done some things a little bit differently with them. And I can't change that. There's nothing I could do to other than learn from that and to make sure I don't make that same mistake again. But yes, there's there are so many people that like so many former athletes. I would line up and just want to hug him and say I'm sorry and and I certainly admitted to them when I felt like it was it was something I did or some way out which they were trained and That I didn't do the best job I could do so. There. Yeah, that's that's the hardest part of coaching. But it's also the draw that you want to make a change in someone's life. You want to you want to make sure that that there are that there that they can accomplish they can accomplish what they what they what they dream of and and are there some kids that come into your office and tell you that they want to be the NCAA champion and you know down and deep in your heart that they don't have the talent to do that sure, but you just over a period of time. You just have to kind of give them some some small real. Checks, but never never throw water on their fire and I always believe that and I really believe this if you can if you can get kids to grow as people. You can make them good at anything whether it's fast in the pool or good in school or anything else like that if you can get them to grow because if they're growing then they're less less obstacles less drama, they become better problem solvers. So there's less problems and I really felt like that was what I wanted to do from the very first day they Stepped On Deck was Get them to grow as people and whatever it takes to do that whether it's some community service you need to do with your team, whether it's some challenges that you throw out whether it's it's whatever the circumstances are. If you can get people to grow you can make them fast in the pool because like I said, there's less drama, there's less obstacles. They become better problem solvers. Yeah, I'm always of the belief that a happy sermons a phosphor, right? You've got to find that you're going to find that love and passion and happiness. It's going to put a smile on your face every day. You can't walk in and and hate what you do and expect great results, you know. Yep, you're absolutely right. So what do you think about this International swim league? Is it a good thing? Do you like where it's going? You know, how do you feel about it? Well, I can't say that I've really kept up with it. But I think anytime athletes can benefit whether it's financially or experience racing seeing the rest of the world. It can't be a bad thing if it's sustainable. I have no idea because I don't the gentleman that's kind of behind it and in the way in which it's going. It's been obviously very beneficial for some athletes that need. Well that need the racing but also need the funding. So I think it's it can be or it can be a real positive and I unfortunately I think just whether it's the ioc the usoc the NCAA there have been many times that I don't feel like they're in touch with what they need to be in touch with when it Comes to the athletes and their well-being and so for for Fina to come out and be initially sort of against anything that's going on and will sanction it. So on I just think that that was a that was a huge mistake because that sort of exposed what what I think one of Finas biggest problems is and that is not being able to relate to the reality of individuals and when the n-c-double-a came out and they just statement when California passed the law that you could they could athletes in college could use their likeness and their image for for financial gain, you know, the initial comment coming from the NCAA as well these schools they may not be able to participate the NCAA championships then all of a sudden what 18 other states passed the same thing and then after they had stuck their foot in their mouth and they started to retract and now they're trying to work it out figure it out so I think anything that they can benefit our Sport and benefit the athletes is a good thing yeah yeah I agree in that sense I don't know where it's going but I like the fact that there is more opportunity and chances for athletes to certainly make a living from this sport because it's a grueling Sport and you certainly wouldn't want to be in a situation where you have to go out and supplement your income through a job and trying to swim at the same time it's very tough and I know there are athletes right now that are doing that I'm not saying that that's not happening but It'd be nice to get to a point where they could actually make some money and live off their income through through what they're doing in the pool every day. So I appreciate all your thoughts and and I think we could talk for hours. Honestly, there's so many things to chat about and then you're so you've got such a wealth of information and experience. Is there a book in the work? So you working on something like that? I thought about it a little bit but you know, I've been fortunate in that I've been doing some speaking to non-sports groups. And and I really do believe that sport has learned more from business than business has learned from Sport and so I'm actually trying to get up to get out. a little bit more of a speaking tour type and I have some things in the works and and I'm I've been I've been very fortunate to have that opportunity so I don't know if if writing a book is something that would be would be helpful I'll see how the speaking goes but I think that the key thing is that we all no matter who we are the experiences that we've had and that we we we share those experiences and the good and the bad because that's life it's there's life difficult I don't care who you are I don't care what you make and what you've accomplished what life is difficult and to embrace that but to still live to be To move forward in it is the key. So anything that I could say to anyone or you or anyone else that's been in a position of leadership is I think it's the most important thing that we do is that we our job is to is to try and help people through this life. So whatever that means, I think that's what we're supposed to be doing. Well, yeah, that's that's why I started this podcast because I have amazing people in my life like you who I have conversations with and I'm like this has to be shared. This people have to hear this stuff and I'm really glad you are able to take some time today. I'm thankful for it. I'm I'm hopeful that people are going to learn a lot from just listening to your voice and listen to the words and and your experiences because I think they're so valuable and I'd love to see a book personally. Certainly. I'm glad you doing the speaking to her and sharing your thoughts with us today. So thanks a lot Frank. I appreciate it. Great. It was a real honor talking to you and best of luck with this and your family and everything that you continue to do for our sport. I certainly appreciate it very much. Alright, great. Well you take care and we'll catch up soon. Okay? Look forward to it. Thank you very much. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye.