Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely And for all right. Here we go. Hey Siri, pick a number between 1 and 4. It's three we got three sweet so much Sears a bitch kind of all right, so we still haven't just haven't said what that number means. We ask Siri a number between one and four. She gave us three settings. We have to take three shots at the beginning of this podcast and we're going right now. We're pouring them up today. What are we drinking? Again? Jack Daniel's Tennessee fire hazard drink of choice. Not a fire away. What about you very weak. In Fireball no harm you guys drinking Fireball classy far? It's yeah, there's Farm. I just want to make sure the audience knew your dream Fireball and I am drinking also a white girl drink. I mean Smirnoff Citrus with mini made lemonade should be Citrus Caliber Caliber balance caliber. No because I am not a alcoholic college student. All right. Well sure. There's none College that's kind of like our audience Target is our trunk college students, but we'll see the good thing is I'm college-age. I'm not college educated. I appeal to the lower common denominator. Only High School educated my guy. Oh, I don't know about that. Tell that to my half semester of college my guys. I've been doing for you four year university as well as a junior college. So I'm basically Trump everybody on this podcast. You didn't gradually the for here though. Yeah, but I still have a degree. Are you guys won't get lost or something? All right, let's just let's just do it. Wait. Let's do some memos talk about we like let's talk about what we like. Yeah dinner. Our team's first let's go team. So they know who we are. All right, I'm Jordan reefs, by the way, that's me. Favorite. NBA team is the thunder young boy young boy mainly because Russell Westbrook, but obviously he's not on the Thunder anymore. So that kind of sucks, but Still waiting on a new team. Yeah, he is football. I like the eagles wearing my Eagles hat right now. And we won the chip two years ago. So, you know, it's pretty chill baseball. Probably the Diamondbacks actually worked for them for a year as a raffle ticket salesman. So wasn't that cool but it was actually really fun college hoops Stanford because my dad went there. Sorry to flex on you guys, but you know make my dad proud making a podcast. Yeah, fuck some pores. Well, you ready? My favorite NBA team is the Celtics they're going to they're going to the finals this year basically is all I can say there. It's looking really good for them. And my favorite NFL team is the Seahawks. This is being overly optimistic, but they have a shot at the Super Bowl with Russell Wilson if they can draft right my favorite MLB team is probably I follow The Diamondbacks the most just because I live here in Phoenix, but the Mets most likely I like the Mets quite a bit fall them for a few years as well and college hoops and college football as well is Kentucky. Are you jeez? Redone the list? Why won't you geez I was boring as fuck. All right. Let's get to me. I do not follow professional sports. I'm one of the few guys who do who do not I should say. However, I do some favorite teams NFL I usually go for the cute colors. I do enjoy some of the players though. Tom Brady is actually the goat. I am a Patriots fan wherever he goes next. I will probably be a fan of as well. I also like the Saints I'm a big fan of Drew Brees as well as taysom Hill and they're both pretty great kind of cute too. If I do say so myself. I know Jordan agrees, not yet. Ba I haven't watched a single NBA game and its entirety and probably the last like three or four years. So I don't have a favorite team. I enjoy watching LeBron, I guess some people say he's the goat Emma be I couldn't care less probably a Giants fan though. They're kind of close to us here in sunny Turlock, California. Yeah, that's about it. I don't really like professional sports. He's more of a hockey guy FIFA and weightlifting. He was a professional sport. He would go to that weight lifting is a professional sport. Yeah, so cheerleading golf. My guy we cool golf is a okay. I watch more golf it MBA I bet no doubt God's way better than NBA so you don't fall professional sports. I think we covered that Twitter No, MBA is a joke. Literally, they know they're a joke. No, you know, my favorite person is my favorite person is the people who don't like the NBA but love college basketball. You know what I also Great Value over the name brand and also like secondhand stores over Gucci. What is this garbage basketball in the NBA? Oh, that's ridiculous. I also like scores of 45 to 60 to you. Absolute joke. Yeah cool cuz a hundred and five to ninety eight. Yeah, that's great. Great defense. Obviously. No, it's all for a show during NBA games. One of the reasons I hate going to them. M they play music they played carnival music the whole time. It sucks. First of all, that is not carnival music that is top 40 hits and second of all. Yeah. I'd love to go to an NBA game because I'm going to see threes drilled from half court dunks with alley-oops from the three-point line and action. I don't want to watch a defensive battle where there's 17 shot clock violations to that's Want to watch I don't want to I bet you love I bet you love pitching battles and baseball to I bet you love a good 100 12 inning game, huh? No, no that ain't nothing his basketball talking more of a soccer guy. So hey thief. Hey, we're up for it. Although let's get to some real sports. Did you guys see Tom Brady and Julian Edelman at the basketball game? Yeah. I think it was Syracuse was a Syracuse UNC Syracuse something like that. I mean not that it matters. But Tom Brady doing Edelman are obviously the main draws there. I'm sure that was a fun game to watch though not a fundamental a lot of fundamentals. There's a lot of stuff a lot of zone defense from the Syracuse guys. What brought his own defense from the Syracuse guy? So hey that 2/3 will get you all day all day speed of things. That'll get you. You see Julian Edelman without his beard that ok in the end of every NFL game that I watch. With him, whenever it shows him, you know introduces him as a player whatever he's got that big scruffy beard looks like a scary guy. He looks like a lumberjack. He is literally a joke without that beard. No. He looks like a pretty boy. You know what he looks like. Oh, I can't remember his name. The guy who hosts American Idol Ryan Seacrest. He looks to go Ryan Seacrest. I'm pretty boy douchebag. Yeah Frank Seacrest like murdered people on The Daily ya know that that's why Julie Tell me where's the beard? What are you talking about? He murdered somebody two days ago shaved off the beard and went to the game. So everyone could see that he was clean-shaven his Alibi exactly. That's what happened. But but know about the game when I know there was all the speculation about what he said. What do you guys think? I think those two Bros hanging out five feet Tom Brady there's speculation on if you said I'm not or this guy you didn't really hear it, but you can just had to read his mouth. But I don't know I kind of think you said this guy like, you know, just you know, it's his bro talking about him like a you know, exactly how long have they been teammates long long time? He's but he's his friend. He just he just was like, oh this guy think it's Tom Brady doesn't know where he's going. Neither does Julian Edelman? So when he said it was just like this guy, he's a joke. He's joking around. Well, this is no I don't know. Nobody knows. Yeah, obviously if you're Juliet and you want Tom Brady to stay because he's amazing. All right, here's where I'd jump in. Tom Brady is actually the goat. I don't know if you guys knew this but in high school I warned. 12 and I was a quarterback. Yes, despite the garbage plays I had such as purple screw that some of my cohorts seemed always bring up but I'm really glad it was the play call that made you go back 15 yards and take a sack. That's a little know. I got a bad. I got a bad possum Drake Dutra instead of a handoff. Wow. My receivers Jordans Reese, but I just didn't have the hand positioning to throw the ball. So I decided to me Jordan reefs by the way, Jordan's I'm getting too worked up about too worked up about high school football six years ago even Texan dude, we can't even like say it was worth anything. I'll just bring up Texas. I just knew it I was about to I'm glad you did. I played long shot on that and so I'm basically a Texan Fuck that's supposed to be I'm not gonna move on I'm gonna move on we're going to talk about the collective bargaining agreement Egan. Do you know what that is? No, but it sounds like garbage. Hey, you know what? Just humor me describe it to me. It is the contract between it's the collective bargaining agreement CBA between it's basically the contract that people work out with their employers it between the NFL players Association and the There's they're deciding what benefits they get and the salary they get but this year the owners put a stipulation in there because the CBA is only up every I think it's something like six years maybe more and they put in 17 weeks schedule rather than a normal 16 week and on that 16th game. They were only going to pay everybody 250,000 dollars even the likes of Russell. Olson who is making to that 2 million 2.1 million was only going to make the making a tenth of a percent ten. Sorry that is 10% of what he would normally be making costly who cares. It's one more week of football us as fans should like the extra week of football and the professional athletes are still making a quarter million dollars say if you're grilling job, okay, and you're working on Our shift and they said call you and say hey, I need you to work a 10-hour shift and on that ten hour shift, you're making ten cents on the dollar of what you would normally be making pay for the hour. They're still gonna bump up the base salaries for everyone though. So it helps the average dude, obviously more that bridge. Yeah, I guess but I mean there's other things in it. I think they should be pushing for Lifetime Health Care MLB gives you lifetime. I'm health care after one game in the MLB when it's a non-contact sport and the odds of you needing Health Care throughout your life more than the average person is very slim to none. I'm ready. I'm going to stop you right there. You say it's non-contact. I guarantee you this next season with the Astros. It's gonna become a contact sport for sure. We're gonna put a we're going to put a pin in that and move on. That's what that is a loaded subject loaded. Anyways, but but no, I think they should pushing for that for Lifetime Health Care after one game and they should be pushing for that. There may be there may be a lockout because of it. So we'll see we'll put a pin one. Thank you so much for listening to the take-it-or-leave-it podcast. This podcast would not be possible without our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't already heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast anchor is a free Outlet. There's also a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so many different Outlets. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast on one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started anyway back to something. I want to talk about. So the combine You guys watch the combine because that's actually something I did watch that has to do with the NFL. Just worst quarter highlights II saw stuff on Twitter and I saw a few articles about them. I didn't see anything crazy. Other than that punter from ASU. Okay. That was wild. That's just I mean I had heard radio people in the area. They had said that the punter was like Our best Prospect and he was one of the best players on the team, but I didn't even think they're I thought they were being hyperbolic until I saw him do those reps. That was okay hyperbolic hyperbole. Very nice. Very nice. I see Marjorie Peterson taught you well classic name-dropping everybody here, aren't you? I'm about to try to get scratched me bro. Now that putter was actually pretty crazy. No. Oh man. What was it? There was something there was this huge lineman or something that ran like a crazy fast 44 being whatever 400 pounds or something like that, you know. Yeah, he wasn't he If you want a 5.1 I got 5.10 right Jordan. So yeah, 5.10 Jordan is that what's called? That is what this idiot ziwei 36 for 200. Hey, let's just make fun of Jordan for a while. There's a lot of oh this this podcast will end tonight. That's for sure that that's what we're doing. We're gonna be here for a while. Anyways back to you Jordan as we're mocking you. Oh, you guys want me to take over since we're on football and we'll talk a little bit about franchise tag some stuff happened today. We had a few of those. Yeah. The main name was AJ Green got franchise tag for The Bangles. And what what do you think about that Verdi about Jill burrowed saying he wanted them or whatever I think. I think of Jonesboro goes there AJ Green's got quite a few years left then the Maybe not maybe not enough to see Joe a burrow hit his Peak but enough to get them there and enough to have the Bangles be able to build around them. I think I think it's smart for in the ass for that because I don't think he was going to pitch out and pulled an Eli Manning and and do the same thing where he's going to hold out and not going to draft or not go to the team some ridiculous garbage like that. I think you I think he wants to play and I just think he wants a good team around him. That makes sense. Well said I am on the subject of jobber. Oh, what about his tiny hands? Let's talk about that because I saw that see, you know, what they say about tiny hands right now. Yeah. I did see that. I did see the also that it doesn't matter, but I did see the funny memes. I saw the little Barbie hands. They're on him when he was on the football classic that was good stuff. I was good stuff. I just looked over a vegan and it looks like his legs might be shaved actually. Oh my gosh, it wasn't normal. I was looking over at across the table were biting your computer. All right, so I don't I don't think that looking over at Women's legs on a man's body is all right. We have I think it's weird for the person with the legs sat in a little bit of muscle. Okay. Yeah and no hair. They're damp. Hey, hey, yeah. Yeah, not anymore after I shave those bad boys that are silky. Smooth - the rates are burnt. I think that was the issue. You have razor burn. Would you forget about aftershave on your calves? Hey, I didn't know I didn't shave my I just saved my thighs glutes as they say honestly speaking about even though he was actually talking. Not drinking tonight. And for a reason that would you like to share with our audience? All right, I will share with the audience. All right. So apparently some time being 100% transparent. This is actually not the first take of our podcast and so we are actually about a bottle in each person or something like that. Yeah, so we're feeling pretty good right now, but if I'm being honest I almost did not partake. Take tonight in the alcohol consumption because I was actually believe it or not gonna hang out with gonna hang out with a female. No absolutely don't believe it. All right. Well, you should because it was it's true. However said female suffered somewhat of an injury while snowboarding or ain't ya snowboarding apparently? Yeah snowboarding apparently felon down a mountain or like into a rock. On a tree or something like that went through the emergency room or something. I don't know and I was gonna hang out tonight, but bottom line she's not here. So I'm drinking tonight. She have a nice trip down that mountain. I don't know. I haven't found out yet. I had heard. Oh my goodness. Wow. Anyways, let's get back to sports. Yeah, let's get back to sports because that's what everybody cares about. The definitely don't care about your girlfriend who fell down a mountain. So if the franchise tag Dak Jordan the heck is he going to get a deal franchise tag? Honestly with Jerry Jones, who knows do you likes playing as paying his players money playing obviously, but uh, I don't know I think honestly, I think he's going to get the deal just because Jerry Jones likes slinging money because he's freaking rich as healthful and yeah, but they'll have to max players on their with Zeke as well. So they won't have that franchise tag is word 33 Mill that is that is not something you want on your books. Even if the Jerry Jones I know and especially I mean look at his record with Jason Garrett and Tony Romo. He pays players way more than they need to be paid and he pays them and coaches clearly. He pays them longer than they need to be paid as well, which is I think exactly where DAC is at. I think he's run out what he can do on the Cowboys and I don't think he's going to be doing anything extraordinary. ordinary in the next few years Yeah, I agree and they're also in the Eagles division so they probably won't win that division either. Yeah, I mean that but but the Giants aren't winning it Redskins aren't winning it. So, you know, they got just as good of a chance as you so that is true. But they also since we're on this topic hear about Tony Roma's deal with what is it CBS or some shit and Quran? Yes ridiculous anchor around another Coronas on top of what I see on your Beach your beads. Yeah. I found both. My beaches was right next to me. I know his contract his contract is now 17 million though dollars here talking about football talking about football. He's 17 games though. We don't know yet. He's still only making two hundred fifty thousand for that 17th, though. So now that you know something that is exactly twice what his salary was in 2016 the year he left the NFL twice exactly that is ridiculous. He went from being a mediocre quarterback to a really good broadcaster and made double. Quit hey, he found his Niche. He was always meant to be a broadcaster against a spell spell niche or spelled me smell good. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, let me smell good. I okay. We're not selling it. No go. Okay. Okay, just because he's not fucking the Keel over here doesn't mean we need to fucking do this. What did you just say? I said just because he's not fucking a keel over here. This is cool if you know, but if you're going to get that reference, I don't get that one. You're by yourself on that one. Never heard of Akeelah and the Bee I'm actually straight. So I'm not as if it was a movie only like 14 you guys just missed out on it was with this chick, whatever. Anyways, let's just move on. Let's get back to sports because we're getting off topic. All right, fuck Football. Let's go to some NBA action. Yeah. Hey you guys see when James Harden shit himself a couple nights ago. Alright, so I saw a picture of that. I don't blame him because honestly, I wear white shorts. I'm going to the gym or whatever. I'm doing at the end of the day. That's kind of what they look like regardless. So you shit yourself. I don't I don't know about that even see I've had multiple pairs of white shorts and they've always been sweaty. They've always had the Ring of sweat that he had but he had was different. He had the Ring of sweat and he had some brown shit on Japan custom white shorts with a little brown spot on underneath think they came like that. Well, okay hear me out though. So if I shave my butt and all that stuff around there that Our can't like block it or stopping him from coming so it can it's a lot easier to look like a telling us you shave your ass, too. Yes, but that's beside there we go. The truth comes out. That's okay. I'm not I'm not gonna hide that chicks dig it, right, I guess. Hey, no, I wouldn't either. All right back to sports practice board back to James Harden shitting himself. The only thing I thought of when I thought of that was because I'm a Celtics fan is I thought of Paul Pierce. I immediately went to Paul Pierce it himself and needed to be carted off on a wheelchair. Do you guys remember that? Do you guys remember that the greatest thing ever? He faked an injury to get carted off in a wheelchair and he still got caught shitting his pants. I mean just just the worst finesse I've ever seen in my life tried to cover it up James Harden literally just showed his ass to the whole world. And that's true. Yeah he Just rolled back and was like I get a good peek, but though I mean they still fix may have lost but I mean Tatum is absolutely tearing it up. It is ridiculous what he's doing. All right, so despite. Okay. Once again, I'm going to jump in on the sports conversations, even though I'm not really there for that. So you say Jason Tatum is tearing it up. Apparently, what about what about G honest though? Okay, because that's one guy. All right your honors I go ahead say his last name Jordan. Yeah, you wanna score? Oh, yeah. Sure. All right, that's enough. He actually went off not too long ago. Was it 40 points? I can't I can't remember the next was it 20? I don't know. Yeah, he was twenty boards was 20 boards and 26 high but I kind of feel like that's right. I was like 40 21 and 6 or something like that. Oh my gosh. Yeah, it's serious. That's absolutely ridiculous. It only took him 35 minutes, but he was also playing the Hornets. So who's the best player? Who cares David Zeller on their team? If he's their best player, they're definitely in trouble. I know they have Zeller starting. I'm almost positive. That's pretty bad. No, that's really bad. The really bad without Kimberly. I'm really glad we got Kendall we saved him from a I mean just a career of darkness and pain. Well, it doesn't really matter because you guys are going to get knocked out in like the second round of the playoffs but imagine being in that just imagine thinking that Celtics aren't good. Well, they're not getting past the bucks. But yeah, you know, they don't have three players averaging over 20 points. No, they're just not make it to the finals. Who's beating them the Box? We literally just talked about Jana staring on our Nance. You want to know my favorite part about that is well. We are primed to not have to play the Sixers or the bucks until the Eastern Conference Finals. Really? That's nice. The Sixers are far enough down where they're going to be in the bracket with the Bucks and we have the Raptors as our only main opponent. That's pretty easy. That would be a great run and I would love love to see either of them in Eastern Conference Finals because I think if we're healthy we have a really good shot. Why are the Warriors number one in the Western Conference or was that all about? Oh, no, I think I think you're looking at upside down. Oh shit, my bad. Ya know they're fucking atrocious. They are an Abomination to the sport of bass are terrible they are and I don't know fucking Klay Thompson and Steph Curry of all been injured or whatever but they're still fucking bottom of the Western Conference will see what son is for thing is curry and Thompson, they could both be healthy right now, and they're not coming back. They're not coming back. The the Warriors are actively taking at this point. Well, there's no point in Steph Curry coming back from his injury right now. Oh absolutely not that's why they sent him to the g-league. He can go there train with them. Maybe play a couple garbage Gigli games where he doesn't have to actually do anything and then just get back into shape. That's all they care about exactly. Yeah. Speaking of wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait Steph Curry's in the jeely. He is right now because no idea though. Well, he got injured and usually they'll send players back to the G lead to rehab and get their their conditioning back into shape and just get back at it. Yeah, they've done it. I mean with multiple people. I mean it's constantly with especially I feel like stars do it more often than Just regular guys taking a poor guy point guards. Nice transition, bro. Where'd you get that man? You guys see the other tray Young when he tried to make Trevor Ariza. Yeah. I saw Trevor razors bitch move. That was so That was actually stupid. He's like, oh, I just got Xposed module shoulder check. This guy. The thing is I bet you it wasn't even like that. I bet you a reason had seen him do that to multiple people and like saw it go through his legs was like, you know what? I'm not to be about not about to be on SportsCenter fuck this guy and he was like, yeah, he was on SportsCenter just for the bad reason. But no II think that's absolutely what it was and also Trevor Ariza is way too old be playing that punk shit. That is ridiculous. He still thinks he's in his prime. So I was 35 years old. I still have his yeah the prime of his midlife crisis. No, you guys it watch any college basketball lately besides Egan George. Have you watched any college basketball, you know, you can ask me any college basketball lately know what's really funny about that is huge. Just shitting on the NBA and how college basketball is so much better either so you don't Sports is what you're saying. He likes weightlifting. So not a sport mediocre weightlifting. I can conjure up. No but college basketball is better than MBA but it is kind of a mess right now. So it's a huge mess. Like literally all the top seeds on the season started. They've all lost a shit ton of games in March Madness is going to be crazy. Who knows what's going to happen? I don't think I would definitely not call it a mess. Honest, what do you how I would call it? Amazing? This is this is parody. This is what you want in a league. No. No, I loved it. I'm just saying it's a mess because like last year obviously didn't happen. But everyone's like, oh Duke there when it all hola, you know all that hype. But yeah this year anyone could just take a shot in the dark and be right. That's exactly why I'm not that upset at Kentucky. Like I'm mad leave lost as many games when I don't want them. To but I'm not going to get upset at their position. I think that they're I think I've got a great opportunity. They've got young guys. They've got old guys. They can make a run just like literally any other team in the tournament can't yeah unless you're standing or one that he turned in. Yeah. We are they actually going to make the NIT. I don't know understanding. I don't honestly have no clue. We'll probably make that tea definitely not making the NCAA tournament though. Oh nice. No, I've been following a ASU and they they had a really really good shot to like almost positively secure their ranking in the tournament and the double-a tournament. Yeah, but they lost both their games this weekend. Oh, no, it is absolutely not what needed to happen clutch. The thing is luckily even even the top 10 guys. They have 5 plus losses everybody outside the top five in the AP poll has five or more losses. Yeah, that's insane even and even in So the pool you have San Diego State who has one loss and they haven't played a single ranked opponent or anybody outside their own conference. Basically, that's crazy. So they're going to make the tournament but they're not a threat. It's not a big deal, but who knows? Honestly, they could go all the way if they went all the way that would be I mean, that would be a mess. I'm placing bets all men right now. Honestly, it's not a bad bet they haven't lost but they also so haven't been that challenged either. Yeah, definitely. What about you have you how is Stanford looking at? How are they going to do in the NIT? Oh, they're set up Prime for nit championship for sure. Oh, yeah. Oh guaranteed. Yeah, that's the record any good or just know it's not bad. Actually, there are however, okay. Yeah. No, I know s uses could be a lot better. I think I had like seven losses, but Anyways, you can has nothing to contribute. I'm assuming you want to the bathroom, you know? Yeah, because I knew I wasn't able to contribute. Unfortunately. I haven't really followed any college athletics other than women's volleyball obviously like most single men my age. Hey, I don't know. I just can't really contribute. You know that. The only thing I can really talk about right now is One of my favorite MLB teams the Astros the Astros. Yeah, they're the best team. No Planet World Series champs. No doubt. They actually they actually had it going on that season. They're there the goat really I mean if it were killing these last few seasons, you know, what's funny about that when they play the Dodgers are just at the other day that Clayton Kershaw through like 60 some coaches made contact on them on every single pitch. No. No, it wasn't big. Huh? Oh, yeah, it was made contact because they didn't single swing and Miss. Yeah, you're right those no. No, that's insane. Like I mean, obviously another were cheating but still I mean could you were cheating Kershaw has like a bad track record track record in the playoffs. But I feel like now all the Dodgers fans are gonna be like, oh, yeah for sure. That's why he sucked in that playoff series. Yeah, no, he he's not good in the playoffs. Especially that that's guys you what especially that Series. Yeah. Yeah. Now he is he may have not even cheated that series. He may have just been that bad. Now, I think cheating is accepted in baseball. They admitted not admitted. It's part of the rules Stein sign stealing is part of the game. I think when you allow that you allow any form of cheating you think cheating is okay. Good a speak. Yeah. No, I was saying go ahead. Yeah, absolutely actually a little upset there hasn't been any very severe. Okay, there has been some consequences. I know people than and I just saw the other day a contra what I don't know. I like a manager something that was someone was laid off or something like that. But the fact that these manager of the Mets manager ruins Yeah, they still have their world their world series title. I think that is a joke. I think that needs to be taken away. Honestly why the Bruins what? No, you know that the Astros know that shouldn't be taken away. That's a joke. They've allowed cheating steroids were okay you No something. They did everybody that steroids now, so that doesn't make it better everybody who signed stealing with technology as well. Like that's how it goes. Like everybody's using some kind of technology to steal signs and everybody is tuning. So that's why I everyone getting upset especially other baseball players acting like they were somehow cheated because of this is ridiculous. They're cheating their hitters are cheating. I don't know how I may have a guy doing something every now and then but it's cheating. They just did it more. They just did it better is exactly what it was doing it. So obviously they also want to Championship during it. Yeah, honestly every if I was a baseball team owner, I'd have everyone I players get a really bad tattoo so they couldn't rip off their uniforms. The thing is No, no, no exactly what you said every owner and manager and player is doing that exact same thing. They're thinking. Oh, yeah, I can get some more money out of this. So I'm going to cheat this little bit this little bit this little bit after doing a better if they got caught doing it because they did a good enough to win a World Series and I got caught for it. Yeah, they were do it good enough to not only win a World Series would make it to another one. Give me bread. Hey Brady, stop started you ever notice how Brady says the word exact the exact same way exact exact every time he says it I've been listening to you very a lot this time cast party because I haven't been talking during the whole sports section you seem to say a lot of words the exact same every time you say him. Just something I noticed consistency. Yeah. Hey speed. My bad is that I don't know is that an issue for you? Somehow? I don't know. It's different. I like different. My bad. My speaking is an erratic. It's kind of cute. Hey, that's all the world. Hey, don't hit don't judge me, please. Okay, let's wrap this up. All right, let's do it. So thank you guys for joining our podcast that's was a little bit. This was a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun guys. Yeah, I understand. So I'm going to go against what Jordan just said. I actually had a lot of fun here this being our third take of the podcast which I'm going to be completely transparent about quite a bit. Drinking was gone on I've actually learned some things about sports this time. I'm glad maybe you can take that on to the next one's and actually have some more thoughtful opinions to all right, probably not but yeah. Maybe but let's hope. All right. Anyway, thanks for yeah. Yeah, let's just hope so. Thank you guys for listening to our first episode of the take-it-or-leave-it podcast. This was a lot of fun to do. We tried really hard we drank a lot and we hope you guys had fun, too. Thanks for listening. All right, this is Jordan Reese. I'm going to go Snapchats impose will see you later. And then Bernie Turner. Hope you come back and have a good one.