Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye.Like organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate meat. What it was how it tasted and where you bought it from now imagine that animal is alive. So if you had a baked inside me this morning shut your eyes and imagine that pig alive. Now, I doubt highly highly highly doubt that any of you imagined that pig say in a tiny little Square starving or not? Well, actually I say starving probably quite the opposite being pumped full of cheap grub or do you imagine from the storybooks a little pig sty in the corner of a farm and the pig is sloshing around in the mud just have a minute and just think about that when you think so, did you just have a chicken wrap and that chicken? In did you imagine it in a little cage put it on white barely been able to stand up because the weight of you know, the food being pumped into it, or did you imagine a free range chicken like you see on Country file? These are the questions that we should be. I'm not going off on a massive. Tangent here, but these are the questions we should be asking ourselves every single time that we meet. That's what you should be thinking you thinking shit. Where did they come from? You should be thinking those questions or asking yourself those questions. Well, they should be in the back of your mind. This is very very important and our feel like None of us a very small minority of people get every single thing. They eat from a farm shop. Do they no one does so this is a step forward in the right direction if you start thinking like that and I'm being a psychotherapist doing now, but next time you have, you know, I'm only going on the meat section. Obviously this could Be like I'll sign with the ginger and the katsu curry at my last episode. Like this could be put to anything but I'm only going to focus on me. Otherwise, you know Conquering the world and your second podcast is getting a little bit ahead of yourself, but he got my aim high, but every time I would like you to every time you meet eat meat thanks yourself where it came from and picture in your head that animal and yeah, I've been that is a good way to start because in my head I was thinking it's all well and good me going higher. So these are my sheep and the Rams go in they impregnate the use every 17 days. They have a cycle, you know and all this shit but actually What's important is maybe if we go to the end and work our way back, so we go from the moment you eat the meat which we can all relate to and then we can start going back and working our way back down the timeline of that animal so actually the conception and the Rams or tops going in and shagging the life out of the use. That will actually will discuss that later. So I thought that might be quite nice without its backwards. Actually. It's the best way for me to get my point across and engage you from the start. So that is your homework. Ladies and gentlemen, every time you eat me. I want you to think to yourself. Where did this come from? And what life am I imagining that it had what what conditions did it live under? See ya just have a think about that. And now I'm going to leave you to think about that for a second. Yeah, I'm not going to leave you for a minute on that get to know who I think I am ordering you around like that. Yes. So next time you eat meat have a little think where it came from and just plant that in the back of your head. So you actually consider it. because we with so dissociative dissociative dissociated from whatever the word is from our food now as a generation The new generation is so million worlds apart. And that as I was saying, I don't even associate the correct animal with the correct meat, which is mental. I tried to think back when I was a kid because I've obviously not from a farming background. I could try and think back to when I was a kid and there's no way. I know I just I really feel like I know and my mom and dad taught me. However, I didn't try dark venison pigeon Quail. I didn't try any of those things until I was older but that was because my my dad didn't like gaming meets not because we weren't given the choice because you know, I'm No, because we had something against it or whatever. I just he didn't like gamey my dad didn't believe it or not. My dad didn't even like the taste of lamb. So it's so ironic how growing up we only had lamb when my dad went away or when we went to my great-aunt you Audrey's house that so it was like a treat for us to have lamb. So it's so ironic that now, you know, my business is creating lamb for people to have on their table so I often Think about that. I think that is nuts see ya. That is the my first bit of homework for you is to think that once you start thinking about where it came from then I think you're then ready to receive the knowledge at the moment. If you have know, what's the word if you don't want the change then how how you meant to suck it up like a sponge you've got to want it and I think if you get that into your Mind of trying to think, you know about the animals welfare and stuff. Then that's the first step. It does feel a bit like Alcoholics Anonymous. Doesn't it these first steps. The first step is admitting that you have a problem. But yeah, I have a lot more to say on that but I'm going to save that for another time and move on to something else because I think I'm I really Don't want to make this some freaking. Chucking stuff down your throat. I really don't want it to be like that. I want it to be very chill and I want people to be able to ask questions. If I go in like a well like the fuhrer then there's no way you're going to feel like you can ask questions and and you'll be less likely to stay with me for the entire episode. You just turn it off and figure out here we go. So yeah, that is all I would ask of you to do. And I will the first step and the first thing that you know, so if you go back through the timeline say you did buy it from a farmer's market or Farm shop or directly off the farm even better. The animal would have been killed. So they are sent to an abattoir. Usually obviously some are killed on sight but as I sent to an abattoir and they are killed after they killed they are hung to tenderize the meat not many people know that so quite a lot of times when I do my lamb boxes for friends and family. They don't realize that the animal is hung to tenderize which really, I don't think I would have known either. If I'm honest you just kind of think that it's fresh anything. It's killed and then put in a box, but actually that's not the way to get the most flavor. Another thing. I wanted to touch on here in my list in my notepad is I wanted to also talk about Different abattoirs. So most farmers will be quite picky of what abattoirs they choose obviously some religions have their meat halal as well. Personally. I don't agree with allowed but that is a whole different different kettle of fish. I'm not going down that route for the backlash. But yes, you most farmers will choose or they will kill you have to have a lot of licenses. But some people have a butcher show, you know, I'm tired of butcher shop on site if you just type into Google local meats, or you typed in, you know lamb boxes in the area or anything like that. You will come up with a list and I'm sure they're more than happy to speak to you about the process if you are interested in The Killing process because believe it or not the pork chop on your plate. I'll keep going I'm with pigs don't know why they even have pigs but that Chop on your plate was killed that it was a live animal. It was killed and then you ate it and that process is complete. The killing process is completely forgotten about and I think it's very important and I think for us as well, it's very important as Farmers. You have put in so much effort and work so hard To get to the get the animal to the point of being meaty and ready to you know, fit ready to be killed that why would you fall at the last hurdle and choose a really slap - abattoir you want them to be corrupt killed in the correct way. You also want to them to be hung in the correct way. And then you also want them to be butchered in a beautiful way. Oh God that that brings up. So I put I remember once I I speaking I can't believe it was on it was on Facebook. And I don't know how what I was discussing. But I said that our lamb was beautifully butchered. And I literally had vegans coming out of my arrows basically literally annihilating me vegan activist. I'm should be careful what I say Vegan. I mean vegan activist, you know, the ones that feed their dogs vegan diets and will scream at you to the blue in the face that you're a murderer. I'm talking about that when I say Vegan, I'm not to you know, I've had so many friends that are vegans and He come to the farm and help me, you know feed the calves their milk knowing full. Well that one day they will be beef and they have no issue with that. I want to write those type of vegans. I'm talking about the ones that called me a murderer when I say Vegan to clear that up and I literally got so much abuse because I said beautifully butchered but actually There's nothing wrong with having a bit of Pride and how the animal is butchered as I say, why would you fall at the final hurdle? You have put so much effort and love and care into rearing the animals. Why would you then, you know go somewhere cheap and get it cut up, you know badly so that I'm not saying, you know, It's got to be all fancy dress didn't the vacuum pack in the Posh stickers and all that. All I'm saying is you want it to be butchered with care. I think I'm trying to say you want you want it to be treated with the care and the respect that it deserves and you want that to mirror the care and love that you've put into it. But yeah, it's so fascinating for me how we completely Next with the whole killing process and actually a lot of meat eaters that I'll speak to and I'll say oh, yeah, for example, oh, oh, yeah, Chris just drop a few Lambs off at the abattoir. Oh, don't talk to me about it or don't speak about it. I think but you eat me. If you are eating the end result. Why can't you think about it being killed it? Just yeah blows my mind, but I'm sure you've all experienced that on some degree. I think we've all probably experienced it to some degree, but that that killing an animal does seem to really bug people yet. They're more than happy to eat the meat so that that point there. Every farmer will take pride in how the animal is killed and therefore how the animal is cut and put on your plate every farmer will have that respect. Whereas do you think the big supermarkets really give two shits how that animal is killed let you know we'll go on to how its read another day. But how the animal is killed. I really don't believe that you know. Cost Cutter selling turkey drumsticks or chicken drumsticks one pound 45. I don't think they would even know where the animal was killed. Let alone, you know, I know their standards and things like that, but that is my view. Anyway, wouldn't you rather know that? You just you just guaranteed if you buy off a farm that they know they probably personally know the the slalom run, you know, I mean, they probably go for beers with the slaughter man, and you just know that they're animals been treated with respect. So you your your conscience is clear, then when you're eating that animal. So yeah, I hope you've got some you know, you've taken a little bit from that. I'm not a sort of man. So I don't know the ins and outs of the legality of You know what licenses you need Etc, but I am pretty pretty sure that there are farms near you that will have butchers shops on site pretty sure we don't one day. We will that is the dream one day we can cut out the middleman, but that is a dream for one day when we have more money. It's in farming may not happen, but Just have a little thing. That's all I would like you to do. And I think the fact that you're listening to episode 2 means that you want to make a few changes. And therefore you will be open to just doing that. But yeah, enjoy your tea. I'm sure you go all now going to be thinking. Oh what what like I want to put this animal named but no, I'm just I'm being stupid there. But yeah, I hope you all have a lovely. A day and a lovely evening and thank you so much again for staying engaged and I can't believe I really honestly can't believe that people are spending 20 minutes of their time. Listening to me. But yeah, have a good one. I'll see you later.