They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked showsLike medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this foreign land to them. Algeria was shrouded in story and Legend ready to be explored and uncovered while they're renier explored a Roman Fortress that had Belong to the Leggio tray Agusta or third Roman legion. He was astonished to find that the site which dated back to about 120 see was still well-preserved. He could even read and decipher the inscriptions on the walls and pillars renier surveyed the property and noticed that there were no fewer than 1400 different pieces of text scattered all through the ruins each one told a part of the story. About the men who'd been stationed there but one particular inscriptions stood out a dedication to the commander of the Leggio. Tray Augusta. Lucius Novus crispiness, Marty Alice saturninus, the engraving described Crispin has entry into the Senate his role officiating the annual equestrian Troy games and most importantly his Service as an officer with a ninth Roman legion the same lie Jen the Disappeared around 120 see crispiness is tribute wasn't dated but over time a pig refers were able to connect the dots. His credits included his work as a Roman magistrate commanding forces in numidia Africa cross-referencing this to other historical references. They were able to place his term somewhere between 147 see and 149 see working backwards from there researchers determined that that crispiness had been a soldier in the ninth Roman legion some 20 years earlier around 127 to 129 C over a decade after the legion was thought to vanish meaning that the 9th might not have disappeared after all. Welcome to Unexplained Mysteries a par cast original. I'm your host Molly and I'm your host Richard in life. There's so much. We don't know but in this show, we don't take we don't no for an answer every Thursday. We investigate the greatest mysteries of history and life on Earth. You can find episodes of Unexplained Mysteries and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify over ever you listen to Just to stream Unexplained Mysteries for free on Spotify just open the app and type Unexplained Mysteries in the search bar at forecasts were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. This is our final episode on the disappearing ninth Roman legion. One of the Roman Empire's most seasoned armies in a a gruesome battle against Queen Boudicca in 60 Cee the legion lost 80% of their men. The weakened unit was subsequently stationed in York or the last traces of the ninth Roman legion were found and supposedly the legion met its end last week. We journeyed from the possible formation of the ninth Roman legion during the social wars through their battles against Pompey the great and Queen Cleopatra up until the lead. Disappeared from history around 120 see this week will cover the many theories surrounding the mysterious 9th Roman legion and how they might have met their fate for years historians believed that the 9th had been wiped out during their time in New York, but evidence has surfaced to suggest the 9th may have survived beyond the reign of Emperor trajan, which ended in 117 see it's possible that they even fought in the second Jewish Revolt around 1:30. E5c before it was finally disbanded for good the problem with all these theories is the same the meticulously bureaucratic Romans left. No record of the ninth Destiny. So even our best guesses are shrouded in mystery. By 71 c e the ninth Roman legion was struggling to stay afloat after a few devastating blows the most recent and most galling was their defeat in the battle against the rebel British queen Boudicca. It left the legion understaffed and recruitment efforts weren't going well at the turn of the century. The ninth was stationed in a stone Fortress known as a burro come in modern-day York, England. But so far as records were concerned around that time the ninth Roman legion simply vanished later. They were deliberately left out of archives. Like Emperor Aurelius has columns constructed in 165 see but there's no explanation as to why the ninth wasn't included somehow the fate of the ninth Roman legion, simply never made it into the official histories, so Where could they have disappeared to for centuries the most popular Theory? And the first one that we'll explore was that the ninth Roman legion encountered some kind of violent resistance and was completely wiped out in York they disappeared because they were all violently killed while the oberek. Mm Fortress was being completed Rome was dealing with some serious unrest in Northern Britain by the time it was finished this unrest had Escalated into a full-scale Revolt in 115 see the Celtic tribes in the city of Multan seemingly started a massive fire. At least that's what's been theorized based on the archaeological evidence. The ninth wish tasked with restoring order and suppressing these tribes in the north. But those tribes new the diminished reputation of the weakened ninth Roman legion. So on a cold February evening in 118 Cee The Celtic warriors launched a pre-emptive attack on the legionaries who hadn't yet left their fort. The full moon was high and bright when 20,000 Celtic tribes men descended on AB origam The Warriors had done their homework and knew exactly where the weakest parts of the Roman base were they easily over and the barracks? The legion was filled with new untrained recruits the vulnerable freezing cold soldiers had not get acclimated to the chilly climate the men were unprepared to fight their armor and weapons likely story. Outside of their sleeping quarters they had to make do with the resources. They had at the moment and those resources weren't enough the Ambush cost them their lives. It was only a matter of hours before what remained of the weakened ninth Roman legion was obliterated completely. Scholars like Theodor mommsen believe this was how the 9th met their fate. He even received a Nobel Prize for his book A History of Rome where he expressed his belief that the 9th had been wiped out by the brigantes a Tabora come around 118 see but author and historian Mark all econ test this theory in his book The Disappearing ninth Legion. He claims that archaeological evidence doesn't show any damage done to the Fortress. That might signify a battle occurred here this led theorist to believe that the 9th may have met their fate outside abour akim's Gates while responding to another order given by their supervisor Governor Falco Falco may have led them South to Stage an attack on hostile tribesmen. Just beyond York. According to this Theory the legionaries took a route known as Pennine way now a National Trail that spans 268 miles moving slowly with their heavy gear strapped to their backs. The legionaries trudged over lush green Rolling Hills and stumbled across the rocky Terrain. It seems they were in very discrete because the story goes the rivals received word of their unplanned visit. The enemy soldiers got a leg up on the 9th and surrounded the Roman legion halfway through their Trek. They then murdered every single legionary who was serving the night. Perhaps the tribesmen burned the bodies and looted all of their weapons and materials. Maybe this was the reason there was no evidence of the ninth Roman legion after their time in New York, but it's suspicious that the allegedly stolen goods and weapons never resurfaced in later British archaeological digs, unless these Barbarian tribes melted down every last scrap of metal some kind of evidence of the Legion would have turned up somewhere only it absent without any hard clues or leads archaeologists have searched for the truth about the ninth for years because there was so little indication of where they disappeared to people began to wonder if there was something more Supernatural going on perhaps having to do with the warrior Queen Boudicca to recap from last episode Roman Legend suggested that she led an army of witches and Druids many were said to cast spells spells that would turn people into animals plants or even stones. As she lay on her deathbed the queen of the witches and Druids placed a curse upon the Romans. She had fought she wanted to be sure that even after her death the violent and corrupt legionaries would pay for their sins. We don't know what the curse and tailed exactly but it is a bit odd that within a few Generations the 9th. Mysteriously inexplicably vanished perhaps they were turned into a pack of wolves who ran off into the night or a pile of forgettable rocks. However, historians give absolutely no Credence to this Theory and it's only mentioned briefly in folklore about the queen much like the hypotheses that the ninth were wiped out in a baroque mm or on Pennine way. This is a colorful possibility but there's no reason to accept it as true given this utter lack of any corroborating evidence many have toyed with the idea that the ninth Roman legion didn't meet a violent. Fade after all perhaps they just got a little too cozy with the Enemy. During the time they were stationed in York around 118. See the ninth came in close proximity with the brigante has one of the largest Celtic groups still unconquered by Rome Duncan be Campbell scholar of Greek and Roman Warfare argues in his book The Fate of the ninth that the ninth had good reason to see the brigantes as friendly the brigantes set up outposts on the giant swath of land surrounding York. Then appeared to remain peaceful and passive after an amicable separation from the Roman colonies intermingling between the Romans and the locals was not uncommon during these times. It's possible that the ninth took Briganti women as wives and father children with both Roman and Celtic blood when they retired the legionaries may have joined the Celtic people instead of returning to Rome to settle down. It's possible that some even deserted during their service and the Briganti tribes kept them hidden author Tom stanier suggests in his article the brig aunties and the ninth Legion that perhaps the ninth was the victim of Mass desertions from 119 onwards and it dwindled away until the authorities decided to disband it all together. Of course, this all must have happened quickly again, only 47 years passed between the time the ninth Althea Bora come Fortress and the time there were left off of Hadrian's columns that's enough for a few men to abandon their duty. But what would make the entire Legion suddenly desert and Moss this is the rare Theory where the lack of Hard Evidence actually counts in its favor a man breaking his sacred vow isn't going to leave a detailed explanation of where he went or why and Roman officials were similarly motivated to cover up that betrayals and entire disloyal Legion would be a massive embarrassment to the Empire. So perhaps the Bugattis weren't the ones to deliver the final blow to the ninth Roman legion after all at least not a fatal blow whether or not the ninth had a desertion problem or not. We can presume that they probably weren't all killed in a massive battle at the start of the century in fact evidence later surfaced. But a few men of the ninth Legion cling to have served until nearly 130 c e meaning the ninth Roman legion was still standing during the reign of Emperor Hadrian and their story continued for years after they left the last piece of evidence in York. Coming up a theories of the 9th may have aided in the construction of Hadrian's Wall before being absorbed by another Legion entirely. Hi listeners, I'm thrilled to tell you about a new park asked show. I'm hosting with my the Dark Side of and political scandals partner Kate. They are natural-born Leaders with never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit. They rise through the ranks towards radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is the ruin discover the true stories of power. Greed and deceit in the park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into their rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claim to love their country, but were intricately sponsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. Many historians and Scholars including Nobel prize-winning Theodor mommsen believe the ninth Roman legion was totally annihilated in York England sometime around 118. See others have speculated that the ninth got to Cozy was a Briganti tribe and integrated into their society ultimately bringing disgrace to the Roman Empire. If the ninth Roman legion was seen as an embarrassment. They would probably have been Subjected to what was called Dom natio Memoria in English the phrase translates to condemnation of memory. It meant that a person or group was excluded from documented accounts. Their property was seized their name erased from memorials and their statues completely reworked for example in 31cc a Roman soldier and royal advisor named Lucius. I Louis say honest was caught conspiring to overthrow the emperor. He suffered Dom natio Memoria, his statues were destroyed and his name was scratched away from all public records including coins. Some of those coins were later discovered by archaeologists who knew they had been dedicated to Lucius his picture remain but his name had been etched out entirely and the punishment wasn't limited to individuals in 238 Cee the Leggio tray Augusta was Banded and underwent Dom natio Memoria, the specific reasons are unknown, but the legions good name was restored 15 years later in 253. See when Emperor Valerian came to power. What this means is if they'd been disbanded in shame the ninths inscription should have also been removed from pre-existing monuments and records They too should have been chiseled off of coins and statues except there is no evidence of this being the case. But there is evidence to suggest that the 9th may have actually survived. Well beyond the year 118 Cee we don't know what they were up to around that time because the Roman Empire was experiencing a rare period of Peace the man of the ninth lived quiet lives at Aurora come handling ordinary chores that were never exciting enough to make it into the history books. It was a time for recuperation since the 9th still hadn't rebuild after their battles against the British tribes. Then in 120 to see the emperor came to visit Hadrian and he was concerned about the ninth sluggish recovery, especially given how rebellious the newly conquered. British could be he wasn't sure his men were prepared to defend the empire in the event of another Revolt. So he went North to Britain. It wasn't common for Emperor's to travel long distances mostly because they journeyed with servants soldiers. It's and more but it was crucial that Hadrian assess the situation for himself and after surveying the lands around a Barack mm. He decided to build a wall in Carlisle Britain. And this was no ordinary wall. It was 73 miles wide 20 feet high 10 feet thick and ran from coast to coast Hadrian needed all the help he could get to build this monstrosity. Cassity and his Legions were just the men for the job one was the Leggio sex victrix the sixth Roman legion the sixth were no strangers to the ninth. They fought alongside each other during the battle of actium the nautical war between Octavian Mark Antony and Cleopatra initially the sixth was stationed at the base in the lower Rhine in modern-day, Germany, but in 122 see emperor Andre station them in a baroque. Mmm IX York Fortress this suggests that Hadrian was likely trying to help build up the ninths ranks or at the very least a Bora come had enough free space to house the six Legion, which is what led many theorists to believe that after Hadrian's Wall was completed. The ninth was absorbed into the sixth altogether. The problem is there's no official account of this having happened. And these things should have been recorded with great detail. The Empire kept information on all Roman citizens, including their date of birth their marriages and the details of their military services scribes tracked Wills legal trials and land ownership. So it's only natural. They would have a file on what happened to an entire Roman legion, perhaps Hadrian and his fischels had reason not to document the merger possibly because Hadrian was embarrassed by the ninth who had once been feared and was now decrepit Roman historian tacitus even recorded that the ninth was Maxim a invalid or meaning they were the weakest of all if the 9th wasn't doomed to Adam natio Memoria, then maybe the remaining legionaries were quietly folded into the sixth Roman Legions ranks with little Fanfare and Hadrian's officials conveniently failed to make note of the Union to spare the Empire further embarrassment. In fact antiquarian, John hoarsely discovered a piece of evidence that might support exactly that scenario in the early 1700s. Hundreds author hoarsely was regarded as an expert on Roman Antiquities. He lived near Hadrian's Wall and took a great interest in the disappearing ninth Roman legion and his research led him to uncover evidence of a possible merger between the ninth and the sixth in the most unlikely of places a roofing tile. For context early in the 1st Century legionaries engaged in a lot of building projects. It was customary for soldiers to imprint the name of their Legion on tiles. Shortly before 1707 a stamped plate surfaced that bore the inscription leg. No MM Wick which was odd because the ninth Roman legion had always gone by leg. No MM hisp for Leggio. No MM Hispana shortly before 1707 a stamped plate surface that bore the inscription L EG IX V IC. Which was odd because the ninth Roman legion had always gone by Ellie G IX H is P4 Leggio. No MM Hispano the V.I.C. At the end of the inscription implied that the legion had been combined with the sixth or Leggio sex victrix at some point late in their career this led hoarsely to conclude the legions must have melted. But anytime he got one step closer to confirming this Theory something would push him two steps back. Like when he came across a passage written by Cassius Dio a Roman Statesman in his text Roman history. He claimed that some Legions were disbanded all together others were Amalgamated with other Legions by Augustus himself and by later Emperor's according to DOI these merged Legions were listed as twinned. It seemed like a promising lead that could Prove horse Lee's Theory once and for all he just had to find the right report if the ninth had been absorbed by the sixth then it would have been listed somewhere IX twinned with the sixth except there was absolutely no record of the ninth Legion ever having been twinned with another Legion hoarsely also theorized that maybe the ninth had been recorded as broke. This had been the case for one unlisted Legion in one. M61 see who was completely overwhelmed and wiped out by the parthian, 's by that logic if the ninth had been extinguished in the beginning of the first century during a battle with the brigantes. They should have been documented as a broke Legion. But again hoarsely found nothing of the sort. And once more the lack of documentation is weird. If Hadrian gave any order regarding the ninth it would have made it into the histories. So the absence of evidence came to suggest that the legion wasn't wiped out and it wasn't merged that left one more possibility. It was around for much longer than the original Scholars had theorized. In fact later archaeologists uncovered men whose biographies implied. The legion had survived for decades longer than any historian had ever supposed. Key finding related to Commander crispiness. He was a former ninth legionary who was believed to have served in the legion around 129 C assistant librarian Leon Renee uncovered an inscription on Chris penises tomb in Algeria confirming that the ninth had to have persisted at least this long this also meant crispiness and his fellow legionaries hadn't been slaughtered by British tribesmen since he had a long and celebrated career. After his military term ended and he wasn't the only person who seemed to serve with the legion long after its supposedly went extinct in 1821 Italian count bartolomeo Borghese published a study on an archaeological dig in Mentor. No Italy the excavation yielded three tombs each with an account of the deceased's career on the front one of these tombs belong to a man known as lucious bibulous. The Ariana's the inscription listed burble aliases duties throughout his lifetime in order of importance. He'd held a number of honorable jobs, like administration of property and finances roadwork senatorial governor and head of state treasury. He had also achieved The Honorable rank of senatorial Tribune in the ninth Roman legion. The most striking aspect was that birbal a has had died. Well after the last surviving record of the ninth so much later that he'd probably served at some point after 118 Cee Borghese knew he could calculate his rough date of enlistment off of the former legionaries final two positions Barb you Laius had been a representative of Emperor antoninus Pius who reigned between 138 And 161 Cee so he'd served with the ninth before then. But Borghese also noted that this man was not given any military decorations during a service. This implied that it happened during a time without conflict meaning the former legionary was too young to serve during trajan's war-torn rain. It was more likely that he became a legionary during the peaceful rule of Emperor Hadrian or perhaps even later. Ultimately, it can be tricky to work out a detailed timeline so far after the fact, but borghese's tomb seemed to imply that the ninth was still accepting and training new recruits. Well into Hadrian's rule. Further solidifying this Theory and altar was discovered in Germany in 1957. Its inscriptions suggested that it had been constructed under the supervision of Lucius. Let Aeneas macare long after 119 see the detailed Engravings even mentioned the fact that Medicare was the chief Centurion of the ninth Roman legion. He had climbed the ranks under Hadrian sometime during his Reign between 1:17 and 138 see then he took the chief Centurion position under Emperor Pious after 138 see when he was nearly 60 years old. So the ninth was around at least into Emperor Pious as rain. If not later. Then there was Lucius Amelia scare us another senator who served the ninth but like military decorations meaning he likely served around the same. Same time. If not later than burb you Laius Lucius. Amelia's also went on to have a fruitful career as the governor of Arabia and when he left his position as senior Tribune, he was replaced with his second-in-command. None other than crispiness the same man with the inscriptions in Algeria, but the most curious part was the following Christmas is time in the ninth. He didn't receive another position for nearly. Five years. This was extremely uncharacteristic for the time. It would be like leaving college and not getting a job for 25 years after graduation. Typically these men would leave the legion and go to take a seat in the senate or become a commander in another unit. But Christmases careers stopped abruptly until 147 Cee when Emperor antoninus Pius appointed him commander of the 3rd Legion in Africa some historians. It's like Stephen. Dando Collins suggest that Hadrian likely wanted nothing to do with Christmas again hinting by that point in history service in the ninth may have been somehow shameful to the Empire. On the other hand, it appears that at least some members of the ninth went on to serve under Hadrian and even have careers down the line. But what that doesn't explain is why that information was completely left out of history or where crispiness is blank 25 years were spent and unfortunately for Scholars many of these men who died after 120c were able to provide further insight into what happened to the rest of their Legion. Which takes us back to where we began something happened in the early 2nd Century CE something possibly scandalous possibly deadly. Certainly. No Tori is enough to be left off official records. Unless historians have been looking for evidence in all the wrong places and explosive Discovery in 1964 LED some researchers to believe the 9th. Hadn't banished at all. They'd simply travel to where they were least expected. Coming up evidence that the ninth Roman legion is uncovered in modern-day Netherlands now back to the story. After years of Getting pummeled By The Northern Barbarian tribes, like the brigantes the ninth Roman legion continued to dwindle some believe that the 9th may have been absorbed into the 6th Roman legion around 120 to see but historical documents failed to prove that any of this had happened in the 20th century historians considered the idea that sometime during the reign of Emperor trajan or Emperor Hadrian. At least two cohorts of the ninth were despatched outside of Britain and they didn't simply return to Rome. The theories were based on a revolutionary 1964 discovery, which was announced at Limas Congress an archaeological conference on the Roman Frontier at this Gathering attendees were given a first-hand. Look at what may have been the missing piece to the 9th Roman Legions. Mysterious puzzle Dutch. Shared a large stamped tile. The fragment had been excavated five years prior at the legionary Citadel known as the hunar Berg Fortress. It was located in modern day 9 Mahan a small City in the Netherlands. Originally home to the 10th Roman legion the hunar Berg Fortress Is thought to have been rebuilt sometime around 100 C after being partially destroyed in The Batavian Revolt. Then the 10th was relocated to what is now modern-day Vienna, but after their departure archaeologists believe that the Fortress hosted a bunch of different troops who'd been sent over from Britain some of whom might have left their mark. Take the inscription on that tile L. EG VII. That's VI. Not the standard IX a curious way to write the Roman numeral 9 and yet it seemed like proof that the ninth Journey didn't end in York Dutch. Archaeologists Jewels Bogaerts. Wondered if there was more to the fact that the style had been inscribed as V. II instead of IX he knew that the tiles found in York used the more modernized IX, but there had also been tiles and covered in Scales cup and in Cumbria England that displayed VII. So it's possible that legionary stationed in Britain were using both and may have taken the VII with them to nine million around 121. See other Limas Congress evidence was even stronger like a piece of a rim from a ceramic mixing bowl, which was referred to in Roman times as a more Terry. Mmm. The Bold discovered in the same region of nijmegen also had one clear marking it red L. EG V III H is p until this point no Mort areum's had been discovered in the British region. The Roman army wasn't known to make their own pottery instead. They bought their Ceramics from local Craftsman the inscribed Bowl signified that the I had not only moved to nine million, but that they also taken up a new skill there. Some believe that the ninth troops in nijmegen were only a small vexation or a Detachment for special services. But others think the whole Legion was sent there as punishment. This can be tied back to the idea that the ninth had begun establishing relations with the brigante and other tribes outside of Rome after Mass desertions. The few remaining members were sent to the modern-day Netherlands, maybe to get them away from bad influences. And their Journey didn't end in nijmegen. In fact, there is some speculation that the ninth Roman legion may have even gone on to fight in the second Jewish Revolt around 1:30 to see massive casualties had been suffered by the Romans in the Judea Province and they needed new troops. Roman generals sextus. Julius. Severus is believed to have passed through nijmegen to recruit the ninth Roman legion for the war effort. Some historians like Duncan be Campbell suggest that the ninth met their fate at the hands of Jewish forces and the few that survived were then disbanded by Emperor Pious around 153 see but the speculation mostly hinges on the assumption that the 9th had been in the Netherlands immediately prior to the battle. And while the tile found in I met in seems like concrete proof that the ninth was stationed there Skeptics question, its validity some argue that the specimen is far too delicate and eroded and the visual quality is not clear enough for a proper assessment. It also appears that the final I in VII is actually broken and might be a diagonal strike meaning it's not an eye at all. Perhaps that's slanted last. I was actually an a for Augusta the tile could have belonged to Leggio octo Augusta. Meaning the 8th. Roman legion was stationed in the Netherlands further complicating the debate. None of these tiles can be conclusively dated. So unless new technology emerges or a more concrete timeline presents itself the evidence recovered on the 9th. Up for interpretation And So It Goes dozens of theories Around The Disappearance of the famed Roman legion. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like will confirm them anytime soon and the answer might not lie in any single hypothesis. They may all be true. Picture this after the ninth Roman legion moved down to York. They built the abour come Fortress. But soon they were attacked by Northern Briganti forces the Briganti slaughtered the brand new inexperienced soldiers who had just joined the ninth leaving only a couple hundred the remaining few stuck around York. They were waiting for new orders to be disbanded or to receive a whole new shipment of legionaries only. That didn't happen instead Emperor Hadrian took over for trajan and brought the sixth Roman legion into York. He merged the ninth into the sixth Roman legion then sent a small contingent to nijmegen as a vexation, but the pride of the ninth remains strong they stamp tiles and marked up Pottery to remember their original Legion since it appeared that Emperor Hadrian would rather they be forgotten The last Vex Elation in nijmegen Then followed Commander Severus to Palestine there the few remaining ninth Roman legionaries died in the second Jewish Revolt. Finally. This was the end of the line, but that's just a theory it's possible. We'll never know the truth about the ninth Roman legion, although they disappeared from the historical record. The ninth Roman legion has been crystallized in popular culture. Of all the Roman Legions the debate around their Vanishing act has fueled speculation research and works of fiction. Meaning their legacy has actually outlasted all other Roman Legions and will continue to until their mystery is solved. Thanks again for tuning into Unexplained Mysteries. We will be back Thursday with a new episode for more information on the 9th. Roman legion amongst the many sources. We use we found Duncan be Campbell's the fate of the ninth to be extremely helpful to our research. You can find all episodes of Unexplained Mysteries and all other par cast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify. Already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park as The Originals like Unexplained Mysteries for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream Unexplained Mysteries on Spotify just open the app and type Unexplained Mysteries in the search bar. And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will see you next time. See you next Thursday. Day and remember never take we don't no for an answer Unexplained Mysteries was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Juan boorda with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of Unexplained Mysteries was written by Lori Gottlieb with writing assistance by Maggie admire and stars Molly. Brandenburg and Richard roster Hi, it's Richard. I can't wait for you to check out a new show. I'm hosting with my the Dark Side of and political scandals partner Kate every Tuesday, we delve into the minds of some of the world's most infamous and feared leaders in park has original series dictators join us as we examine the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed. And evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.