What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a long time. You need to be cognizant need to look at your cards. I tend to forget about them. Like I have I'm sure I have opted cards that are stupid amounts of money where you can get them for like a dollar or two less than that, maybe. because I was one of the first hop on and they had some sales at those prices, but You need to learn from my mistakes or my triumphs and just pay attention to your cards because you might miss out. You know, had I just left it. Yeah, I would have sold for 125. I would have been happy because I still made you know, good Roi Financial term. Yeah. Yeah, but Not as good as 163 and maybe it goes up even more. That's why I kept one off to the side. I have another one that I have to get graded. I have like a bunch like three. They need to be great for labor Torres. I have one wants Soto and one tops Chrome Soto. So I have some cards that need to be graded that could go for some decent K ish. But um, Yeah, just pay attention. Don't forget the cards that you post because you might lose out on some money. now another thing I want to talk about. Booty's Panini these people from Panini. They're very tricky tricky tricky tricky. So Panini select is coming out in 24 hours. So tomorrow and you can get a hobby box you can get five of them. For a little low cost of 400 and $24.99. They are giving you nothing there. Give me no discount. You just get a bite and you get to take it take it. They're not even going to wind down yet. No reach-around. No nothing. That's it. Literally says that on the description no reach-around on average you get three autographs or memorabilia. You know what that means ten base Premier level 10 base Premier level to base Courtside and 12 prisms exclamation point all sales are final five cards per Pack 12 packs per box. That is a lot of dough. So they're just saying, you know what you're not going to be able to get it at this low price. You're going to get it for eBay prices and take that. Take that. I also see. Which I don't know why I'm not buying this now. 2019 Panini donors optic NBA trading fast break For $319 you can buy them now in the store. I don't know if this is a good deal or not. Maybe I should add some to the cart by it. Right now, I don't know this this seems the seams funky. One autograph for 320 bucks, but you can buy them at the store literally right now. So if you're listening to this head over there and you should be able to get it. Go go you. Probably goes quick. Maybe I should be buying them because I'm doing this podcast now. But I won't I will not I'll leave the goodness to you guys plus I'm tired of spending three hundred and some 20 bucks on cards on a box of cards. I can't see these who knows it's Zion everything Zion touches turns to gold and it goes crazy. So There's that yeah, so that was my day. I also sold a pair of baseball cleats lost money, but I've had them for a year. So I don't care. I just want the money back so I can buy Cards go broke. But what I need to do is sell more cards sell sell sell and you know, it could do that. There is a new Marketplace in the sports scene. Yeah jazz hands star Stock Building a sports card Marketplace aim to be the faster cheaper. Way for flipping cards on any platform now you get to go at the ground level. They're not on the ground the ground level. And start stock is currently looking for people who want to be the first to sell their cards on their new platform five percent commission fee. No ingestion fees sending me cards. They do all the work post for you cards a guaranteed secured in a vault can choose to ship cards back whenever you want. If you want to pull your money Mount they're not going to charge you extra. This would be a flippers Paradise. Goodbye flip store or ship cards with the click of a button contact my cat Star stock.com or also head over to start stock.com should be getting going in April. so there's that I've seen it. It looks pretty cool better than anything that's out there right now talking about visually and this could be a lot more stuff that they're going to add to it. I won't go into that because you know, they don't want me to give out all the bells and whistles. It may be able to cure some diseases that something didn't want me to say but I'm going to say it and so there's that as well. Yeah cures diseases and you could sell cards. So why wouldn't you want to do it? Anywho anywho I'm just super pumped for this baseball season. I will be creating the fantasy league. I'm going to do a weekly league for you know normal people who just want to set their lineups per week and then don't have to worry about it. We're busy. We don't want to do this every day. And I know that a lot of times people don't want to do that. So I'm gonna have one of those and then we're going to have one for serious people a dynasty League will be drafted minors. You literally will have them come to your house. You'll have to feed them clothe them bathe them. My baseball so then their bats make sure that they grow make sure they do a great job for you. So I'm going to have a dynasty league and that's going to be it for serious. Serious guys. I don't know if I'm going to do 10 or 12 teams 12 makes it a lot tougher. So I may go that route depends on how many people actually want to do it. So I will open it up to the foot flick chat group first then Facebook. Then Instagram and any place else or and then I'll have to beg people to join and do whatever. Yeah, so guys, that's it. Sorry for petering out. Sorry for Cut her off a little bit. I got a phone call can't help that. Sorry. I'm not professional enough. I should be getting more professional. But it is what it is SVA card collectors.com. Also download the flick chat app. And you guys know what to do. Basic cards. Oh, wait, wait wait before you buy some cars. You have to like this comment and subscribe if you're on YouTube or any place else it helps out the metrics. I told myself I would say it. I remembered at the very very end. So it is what it is now. Let's go Rogue later.