I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today. Our special guest is Mary. Hi, Mary - hang out with y'all. Yeah, we were talking about earlier how like you and Sophie and you know a couple other people but like especially like you and Sophie, you know, we we talk specifically like you and I talk a lot and stuff like that. So it's really cool to like be meeting one of my like legit Starker friends. Definitely. I remember we bonded over Nick Jonas and I was like, this is it we would really be friends and Real life I can feel like we would for sure we would for sure and you introduced me to glossy a so for that my skin. Thank you. You're welcome. I know I was so like resistant to it because like Airline introduced me to it and I was like nothing like I refused to hop onto this train and then I did it and it's amazing. I'm starting to spread it out into my family. I'm like Mom you need to try this. Try this. They're like, oh no now, it's everywhere. It's all over. Okay, look at Unicorn. It's all good. Yeah, I can't I'm like specifically like forcing myself not to look at their website right now because I'm like we're moving and life is very expensive and I can't spend any extra money. So because I'll just like sit there and look at everything that they have for like an hour and just be like, oh that's a Pity and then hit the packaging that sucks me in because it's like so simple at the same time. I'm like wow, do I really need those for $14? Yes. Yes, I do. Okay. So why don't we start this out with you telling us about how you first found out about Caroline and you're smirking journey and all that jazz. So my fiance sent me the original Kaylee thread in January of last year and I think at the time he was like, oh this is something you'll be mildly interested in you love internet train wrecks. He's right. And I was like, yeah, that's so weird. This girl is so delusional like why is her room filled with mason jars and then I kind of forgot about her for a couple months until the wonderful little bitch blessed my Twitter timeline with her incredibly detailed threads and it was because of her actually found like blogs and dark and fell into other like kinda making fun of other influencers, which I recognize isn't the nicest hobby. That's kind of On the podcast probably don't like oh, well some good stuff is coming out of it. Like I've made new friends. I've been inspired to create cool art, right stuff. Again that was in June and then by August I was like Pretty balls deep in the red is red the point where it was like the first thing I was checking when I woke up and then I was like, huh? Maybe I need another passion, but that didn't last long. So I went back again after like a few weeks, but then the Natalie thing happens like she released you. The article that like Carolyn really talks about it. Like it was the worst thing ever but looking back. It's actually kind of mild, but the only thing I like blame Natalie for is she actually made her go viral and she like blew up the little community that we had. Yeah. Oh my gosh, it was like an influx of new people and then around that time, you know, I have to say I don't think Natalie made Caroline go viral. We made Caroline go viral because so, you know, you have like what two to four thousand snow. Workers reading an article as soon as it comes out in the courts and the people were really hyping it up. Like it wasn't just our little corner of the internet. That was like, where is this article? Like I saw Cheryl Strayed which I kind of hope in a mean way was like a little dagger to Carol heart because that's what of the writer she says. She idolizes was Sherry and saying like this is amazing. I was like, well it kind of is it is? Yeah. It's absolutely fascinating. Yeah, and I saw many different like communities. Different opinions on it, which I thought was interesting. Like I was pretty active at the time and sort of like the disabled end of Twitter because I'm still kind of wrestling with the messed-up medical issues at the moment, but they were more on Cairo side and I was like, huh. Now, I know who to unfollow now, I know who my real people are then by that point. I think the little sort of Twitter communities sort of bonded together. I think around that time was the original blogs narc mods were like, okay, we're going to bump you too. A different subreddit, but it's not a punishment which in my opinion was like a pretty transparent lie because they did not want that activity there. Yeah, and I know I'm not the only one who felt that way that it they said it was just because they couldn't accommodate the extra traffic but there was also a lot of infighting on the threads. Yeah, it got a little it got way too out of hand. They're firmly seated around that time. I think her dad died. Hmm, which I will say people and sort of everywhere. I saw in the You were quite respectful to her. But like we're not going to comment. We're not going to do anything. You know, we're just going to mind her own business. A lot of people like stop snarking for several days. You know, we're all just kind of waiting for her to lead the way and she did for sure in her own the very special way. But yeah, I mean a lot of people, you know some groups that were in, you know, like shut down and a lot of people like really respectful of it. I thought so too. Ooh, I mean at one point, I remember people saying like we're going to send her flowers and I was like, oh my God, don't break the fourth wall, but nice gesture. Oh, yeah. That's that's weird. Yeah. I had that I think people sort of had their hearts in the right place. Like they really felt for someone that they've been keeping tabs on for so much time. Yeah, like I don't think anybody meant to be weird malicious about it. I think they just wanted to send sympathy and that's quite sweet and compelling to me. I mean, I'd like are so heartless. Um, like though, they're not look at the thread now. We're really And I think that's a great point of like, you know, a great example of a lot of people who start going her at like we don't have this like horrible like burning hatred for her, you know, it's just like our reality TV that we're watching and it's a love-hate relationship almost nothing interesting is even happening right now, but you know, we're still here we're waiting for this book. That's not going to come out God. This is fucking pamphlet. What is the due date again? Book, it's an April first. Yeah, there's a tentative shipping date of April 1st, April try to do it. I think I have a spending problem and like to be clear I do but hers is but yeah, dude. She is been since been on a bender like she's yeah, she's seriously spinning like she's bought those dumb by herself an engagement ring like just to be sure she bought like the 3K ring. She bought these tiny little breeder kit and she bought herself an engagement ring. It's not really an engagement ring. She said it was like it's not I mean anything can be a fucking engagement ring, but she's she was joking saying she bought herself an engagement ring. I don't wear that's like an episode of Glee when Sue Sylvester Mary's herself. So if it ever comes to that, I want to be front row. Oh man. I think it all started when I watch Glee because I love to watch like train wrecks and action. Yeah, absolutely. Like we as a society are primed for this and it's what I've been saying for like the past several weeks because the like influencer culture in my opinion is literally The next reality TV phase. Oh, I believe it. Yeah, I think TV is getting phased out people have less interest in it except for like love Island, which is a great show because people have less and less access to cable because he wants to fucking pay for cable true. Not me. I'm telling you. I think like another thing too is like this so much access to all these different influencers and everyone around right? Yes find the string args exactly. Which is like my guilty pleasure because the layout is very early 2000. It's kind of a mess. But there are so many people in so many different communities to sort of look at and sort of understand the conversation there and I think it's just going to get bigger, especially if you platforms rise up and I think snarking is to like people are going to realize that there's a huge difference in people having a goddamn fucking opinion and cyberbullying thank you very much, you know, if we're not going on to her page or dming Are doing something weird like tagging her in something. I don't think it matters. Like people are always going to have opinions and it's not realistic to say no one talked about her ever. Yeah, exactly. And if she chooses to seek that out that's her fucking problem, you know, as soon as you got onto Twitter, I was like, nope block not playing. Yeah, that's a great segue into I know that you've had some rough experiences on the Reddit thread And we were talking about how you kind of have a new I wouldn't say respect for Caroline but a new a little bit of a understanding of what she's experienced in some ways. Yeah, I think the I never really expected to be a prominent Twitter Starker. Like I'll start there like this is the same account. I've had since I was 15 years old. I was just waiting to like shit into the void like, you know to my college friends are also kindly invest like a little bit invested they It was funny and then all of a sudden I'd gained, you know close to 600 followers when I'd been hovering like, you know below 200 since I have the account. Yeah. And the first time I saw myself referenced on the Reddit threads like my comments, I was so hurt. I was like, I'm one of you like I'm not doing anything you're not doing. Yeah. I remember that. I was it was just like a punch in the gut that someone was saying like me going to the gym and taking like a sauna selfie was just so terrible, you know when her objectively like worse things being at sewed in the threads every single day. So what happened was like, you know, like like Mary was saying she's on Twitter. She's you know, she's not Anonymous like, you know, BBC Instagram our Twitter is and someone like called her and it's like it's literally a running joke in the entire snarking Community to do like Pilates smiley face. Sauna sad face because like Kara does outs on time. Yeah. Yes, yeah in like so like Mary posted a picture where she was like in the sauna or something like that and she like sauna sad face or something like that and someone on Reddit they just over here I think is having a very long time now. Yeah, and like I can't believe like they really almost making fun of her for like hopping Caroline and I'm like, oh really? So Caroline invented going to the goddamn fucking sauna. It was so weird. I mean I had a lot of Of really nice people. Like I don't know who they are came to my defense or maybe they didn't know they were coming to my defense saying like hey, that's kind of a reach like, you know, why don't we leave this in this person alone? Because everyone on the Reddit thread like everyone like oh Caroline inspired me to do this because she's so terrible at this that I did this and you know, like we all like, you know, like art or well inspiration and like, you know, that kind of thing comes from like all kinds of places. It's not unreasonable to assume that. Even someone you snark on or like you watch this train wreck influence you in a good way exactly. Can we talked about that before that? Like, I'm sorry. I'm finishing your sentences again today. We've talked about this. I was telling him. I was listening to one of our episodes. I can remember because I hardly listen to them anymore because it hurts my head so much dancing, but I like Hep interrupt. I was editing. That's what I was doing. I kept like finishing his sentences and I was like, I sound like such a bitch because I'm talking over you, but that's just how we talk to each other. We finish each other's answers a lot. It's like I know myself sometimes whenever we go back and forth like that same but yeah, I mean, it's just like just because you know, we start guarding her for these certain things does not mean that sometimes she influences influences says, wow, that's hard for me to say apparently influences us got to you know, do something like, you know, get like plants or do some art or something like that and it's not a bad thing at all like it I don't know. Someone asked like not to me directly, but on that thread where they're like, oh my God Twitter going too far like they asked if I had signed up to a gym to do that purposefully like just those selfies and I was like, who does that? Why would I do that? Why would I spend 20 bucks a month for one? Selfie joke every once in a while, like I have never been dedicated to anything in my life. Why would I start this at such a like? I relate to that? Way too much. I'm the laziest person anybody knows so I think because of that you were telling me that you had a little bit of an understanding a little bit more of an understanding of why Caroline gets so up in arms and like addresses her quote unquote haters and that kind of stuff and you know, you and I were talking about that because I was like, yeah, like I 100 once BBC Instagram and PMs. Like hit the Reddit threads I reacted the same way. I was like, why why the fuck are you coming for me? Like, I'm one of you like where I thought we were friends, you know, and it's weird how personal I took it when I know it's not personal but I'm like it's hard because like we truly like I consider the snark family as an actual family like we are our own little family and like I considered like yeah, I considered like the Reddit thread like part of that family and then for Like to see them kind of coming for me some not everyone obviously, but some people I was like truly like it hurt my heart. I was like, I thought we were like one of you, you know, it was weird because I noticed how like sort of I would police myself in anticipating any sort of like criticism. That would come like if I wanted to post a sauna selfie, I just wouldn't because like, all right on the real. I don't actually work out like I go and sit in the pool and in the hot tub You forgot no, of course not but I'm like I notice I'm sort of controlling myself in a way I didn't before and I remember seeing those comments and feeling so like gutted I was like, I'm one of you we can still be friends. I'm also someone that's like very much like if someone's mad at me, I just keep wanting to explain myself and we can work it out. Yeah, but on the internet, it does not work. That way doesn't know and like I that's my that was my knee-jerk reaction is And I've just gotten to the point. I think at some point you just really have to realize that policing yourself is good. Sometimes especially when if anyone's paying, you know, if you have a even just a small group of people paying attention to what you're saying, like, you know being conscious and careful with what you're saying is good because like we're talking about it doesn't matter who you are. If you're paying attention to if you're like paying attention to someone's words or their pit. Or you know vice versa like you have the chance to influence them. So I think it's good to like police yourself a little bit. But also, where was I going with this? Well, I like this. I think it's good to realize also that no matter what group you're part of or where you're at or what you're posting. No one is gonna love you. Like I'm not I'm no one's going to look beautiful. That's it. Not everyone's going Juiciest pair in the world. Some people just only pair is you know, yeah or just no matter what you do and that you just got to kind of accept that if you're yeah public face or if you're putting yourself out there, you know, and that was really hard to like swallow sometimes but I got to the point where it just kind of it rolls off my back a little bit more than it did but that's why I stopped going to the Reddit. That's because I was like, I'm not going to be Caroline and seek out these people and specifically started. Dressing these people in my content, you know, I'm not going to do that because that's where I see that and it but it was a journey for sure. It was very jarring and then it happened a few more times, I guess since then and I just stopped going on and it's nothing against the community as a whole. I actually think the new thread is good. I just don't think I can be a part of it right now because it was super time-consuming. And also I got into fights and that is really stupid when I could be doing better things like making fun of the LeBron. Emily on Twitter today go. Yeah, I do like the new thread. I've journeyed on there a couple a little bit more frequently lately cause you know, I do like dogs, but I think the mods they're doing a great job like, yeah for sure the self moderation thing was working really well. I actually deleted the account. I had that I'd been using just so I wouldn't be tempted. I was like if I go in and I argue with people and I defend myself I'm just gonna be exhausted then nothing in my actual. Life will get it done. Yeah. Yeah, you know you just realize that at a certain point constantly defending yourself is not worth it the people like you and like you for what you say are going to be your people and not everybody has to be your people. You know, exactly. I wish you the girl. I have like no intention of becoming famous or like profiting off of talking nonsense and any single way. I think Caroline could he'd that as well like yeah, she's not going to control how everyone's To perceive her all the time and also wanted to be in the public eye. Yeah, it's just not realistic at all. This is always stick to be her how exactly yeah. Well, that's why I like I have you know, I was saying I have a little bit more of a sympathy for her and what she goes through because I've gone through all its small portion of that. I mean, I don't have an entire thread dedicated to you know, picking on everything that I do. Yeah, but God now, but at the same time, you know, I almost don't even have that sympathy or was it like almost makes me respect her even less if that was even possible because of the way she handles it and because of the way that I've chosen handle and other people have chosen to handle it that I've seen, you know, like she does not handle it well at all. It's sort of amazes me that the only thing she's sort of consistent at is not growing in a single way like she refuses to learn from anything in her life. From anything anybody tells her from any of her mistakes as I will same. Yeah, it's so sad because like I think that'd be like an amazing story if she could like she's never going to get there. She's never is this point? Hopefully she will one day maybe eventually she won't if I told you guys like my dream for her tell me I really think she should change her last name to original last name and then pick up like a real trade job or like maybe go to school for something else because I'm not sure this influencer public life. NG is for her. Yeah, I'm sad and exhausted and you know Running on Empty every time she tries to produce content or whatever. Yeah. She never will though. She likes it too much. Oh, no. Should I have a message? I think she just loves it. I think she just feeds off of the negative and positive she can find I also think she you know, if she stopped now, it would sort of challenge the worldview she's had for so long, but she's not ready to do that. She's not ready to admit that she was wrong and that Biggest mistake of all time was not just shutting up and letting Natalie write the book for her or if there's some things you can't do. Yeah, she's not ready to admit that like she's done literally pretty much at this point. Nothing with her life and has no skills. And you know, she'd have to like start over and actually be an adult and like produce something of value and she's just she doesn't have the follow-through or the balls in my opinion. I don't think she has a vagina to learn even a great City, you know to learn writing and she just won't she writes the same three Pomeranian enthusiastic sentences over and over and expecting a different outcome. I know that's why I'm telling you. I have a Sandy my 100% My prediction is that this book quote unquote book is already done because it's literally just her Instagram captions. Okay, but who would read that like besides Lydia her dumb and I mean, but there's like two of I'm right like I think that like a lot of people Stark on her. Like I really think like a huge majority of her followers Stark on her but not a lot of people are a part of the snarking community. So they want to like read that shit and they have like their friends that they snark with but they don't realize that like there's this whole other community out there because like I didn't know for six months that sounds about right. I feel like there are more. People watching her Antics and we realize because I think when she hasn't meant to she's genuinely gone viral like on Twitter, you know me, my accounts will repost her stuff and be like, does anybody know who this disaster? Yeah. Exactly. Are you looking up our name on Reddit right now? I am what the fuck so sorry. I get all this ready to talk about me like interested in like I like what are they saying about us? See anything did was actually positive. Yeah. Yeah. It was I know the last time I checked it was right after the Sophia episode super well-received everyone's like they're doing right. That's all he's seeing a lot of right here. It's like when people are taking that P. Well, well, that's because Sophie's amazing. That's not us will ever be our third podcasters come like light I will give her that. She is a delight an angel is Earth. I'm a stand she really is. She's so pretty. She's so smart. I can't get over it like she words things. So eloquently that it just gets right down to the point every single time sort of we don't like and I'm like, oh, you're so brave Sophia. I love it. Yeah that episode that we did was Sophie is to this days. Sorry. My brother is walking through the room is underwear that episode to this day is still one of the easiest and quickest edits I have ever done because I hardly had to do anything and she sounded great like I was like, wow, why can't I sound like this? We can only dream I guess that's like what happens when you actually have a job which Caroline would not know about I mean, I can't really throw stones there because as I said, I'm unemployed to however I'm working on it right you're working on it and like, you know, you have actual legitimate reasons why you're currently unemployed, you know, it's not that you're just not doing anything with your right like for people like who are listening who probably don't know who I am because I'm private and kind of a weenie. Like I had a couple and I had to spend like the last year and a half really relearning how to be a person and walk normally so I'm like getting back on my feet a little bit more every single day and it's exciting but I'm still going to make fun of hairline because it's a great stress reliever. Yeah, exactly. And like I saw today like your Tweet about that like Milestone that you made today and your therapy. I'm five degrees off from normal in terms of range of motion and like no one has said about that that about me like ever not just like range of motion like no one's ever called me. Mumble so this has been like a really good day. I'm excited and I'm like, I'm going to move out of my parents house. It's gonna be fun. We're gonna be okay. Yeah. Well, hey, do you want to talk about Michaels running with Caroline? Yes. That was the highlight of my life. Okay, so that's a great. I think he's been brought up like directly by name and through his Instagram account on the oggblog snark thread. So most people kind of know who he is and how he was. A really great and consistent troll for maybe two weeks before she like looks like he's actually making fun of me. You're not gonna be friends. Yeah. I mean he I mean he went down kind of an infamy as you know, the gerbil Lolita guy sure. No meaning. So do you want to tell Ryan and any of our listeners who weren't there for that? What happened? Yeah, and I can send you screenshots to your email. So like if you want to post them because they're quite they're kind of long so I know I have screenshots of that, but that's like I don't know probably like getting afraid to go into our apartment together. It's going to be framed. I was gonna take way too long. I like not that dedicated as I said, so she posted a story about how she was writing something and I don't really remember what the context was but he responded about how like this long-ass comment like on her actual page about how he was going to write like the upcoming bestseller gerbil Lolita's or something. She posted something about how she wants still ache in the workshop that because this was before that second round of Workshop workshops, whatever she wanted to bring their writing. Ting yeah, she was like and I'll help you with it and he commented like this is my story line and it's about like these two gerbils or something like it was something it was about Lolita like the actual novel. Yeah gerbils and it's like kind of impressed but also kind of bad because she put him up on her story and she was like, oh my God. Yes, Michael us against the world everyone. Please read but it's is that was me, you know, like she would have called me a bitch and like blocked me in a heartbeat. For sure, but like the only reason she like responded is because he was a dude all I know it's really not there but then it got weirder that she like went into one of his like into his profile because it's public and she had commented something like sending you love with a heart and I was like what what is what are you doing? I was like fully bracing myself for like any sort of weird diems or whatever, but thankfully no none of that ever happened, but I really need that interaction framed memorialized forever somewhere special I was Prepared for for you to message me and be like she just slid into his death. I think we would have liked laughed about it for 10 years if that happened, but I think she caught on after a couple weeks where he was like fine. He's so much smarter than me. We're like his wit will like kind of go above her head. I think oh for sure because it's so subtle. It reminds me in a way of like Alexa sexy sassy black diva on Twitter where it's like you can't really tell she's making fun of Caroline directly. But you know, it's funny, right? Yeah, it's very it's very like you're just kind of like are you wait what is happening? It's like is that good or bad? And also like I don't know and then she blocked after two weeks and he was so sad. He still talks about it. He's like, why did she block me? Like she doesn't want to be friends not sending you internet love anymore. So sad I know. And it was a very exciting day for me. I remember it was a Saturday. It was raining really hard here. The degrees of separation got closer. Truly. Amazing. What's great, it wasn't the fucking weather have a freakish memory. It's kind of annoying. Yeah, that is amazing. Yeah, it was a really good day. So I've been really kind of fascinated. And also I like want to vomit every time Caroline says my role as a scam because in actuality she really wasn't like Kaylee's. Original Twitter thread going over sort of like the screenshots and ending sort of with the article. She wrote about the workshops themselves and January of last year had a couple thousand likes. Yeah, because I've used the Twitter thread so many times for like reference Caroline has gone viral way more times in way bigger numbers since then in like without her even apparently knowing about it on Twitter like when you know, the when she did that post in California where she was like, I am sexy and sexy. In grief-stricken, which I like I love even though I know it's kind of neat. But like that went viral for a whole lot of reasons that was on some main pages on Twitter. I think that was all over the place. Yeah girls with the relevant captions for a while. Mmm. And like I think it's when she can't control it. She goes viral when she's just being her kind of bumbling idiot self. Yeah, exactly talk about like going viral as a scam. I'm like, nobody knows who you are. No, they really don't like She's a very Niche internet moment. Sorry Ryan. I didn't hear drugs. No, you're good. Don't worry about it. He's used to it. I was just saying if I mentioned Carolina anyone like literally anybody nobody knows nobody even has heard like that's my friends. None of my family in you see her anytime like her name is on Twitter. Everyone's like who the fuck is this person? Why is she here? I would just like to make a personal shout-out to like my real life friends who still follow me on. Order despite shitposting about someone they likely have no idea who that is all freaking day true friends. Thank you for supporting me also to my wonderful friend from college you offered to buy me a cameo last week and I said no with Caroline dump. Any my me. I'm half like Tim's L know. I love you. I'm like before I was going to start up for her patreon like with Christmas money or whatever to get the Skype call because I have so many questions only. She could answer. Yeah, it's like a an infant staring at itself in the mirror because that's mean and nobody likes that however listening to her voice is like kind of difficult for me. So I try to minimize that as much as possible. It's so painful. And I mean I okay in my opinion. She really just encapsulate the I'm sorry. I am also a blond like dumb blond and like she kind of plays it up like that. You know, like she it's almost like she leans into that and like emphasizes it more and I'm like, oh my God, that's something I found interesting is because I found older YouTube videos of her while she Cambridge choose kind of charming like if I was younger he was if I were a younger kid, you know sort of as demons in my Harry Potter phases. I was I probably would have been sucked in for sure. I want you to videos. No. Yeah, he's been interviewed a couple times there and I watched it really good. Yeah wash it leads to of her like being interviewed on YouTube in Cambridge and she was so just seemed like such a more genuine person. She did not talk the way she Ox now at all. She had a baby voice but it was tolerable, you know what I mean? Like and she actually had sort of good points to make about being a young person and wanting to right now there's some intelligent honestly. I know what happened. Oh shit. I'm sorry. That's a gram. Yeah happened scams happen same for doing literally nothing at a very young age happened. Yeah and are on top of that. Yeah. Wow, it's really a Whirlpool of Mercy smart. Let me go Like what I would do to be a fly on the wall during a filler affection. Yeah, so whenever she talks about like going sorry. That was a very long tangent. It happens all those rabbit Trails wherever they go. All of I really feel like you know that thing of Like It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia when Charlie's like waving his arms and he's like there is no Carol. I used are watching that. I've heard so many I've seen someone means of it. This point I finally like watch I finally got to that episode where it happens. I was like, oh my God you people but I think the first season I watch it and I was like, oh my god. Wow, I know and then Danny DeVito comes on and it's just a whole new world. You know when you think about it, it's like almost the perfect show for starkers. It's just a totally train wreck. It's He see her interact for so many years. Okay, let's talk about Taylor Lorenz. So I've been I will say like full disclosure. I know literally nothing about her personal life. All I know is when she pops up in the like the Caroline conversation kind of I've also read a couple of her articles. Yeah. Yeah, but there's a little bit to be desired or so Taylor Rowe Lorenz is a writer for the New York Times. She originally came in to Carol and whenever she got invited over to the temporal sample for dinner with Caroline and Caroline like even posted like while they're at dinner. She's like, oh my God, I didn't know Taylor was a writer like a journalist or whatever and we're like seriously like you invited this person over without even Looking at what they do like not even knowing who they are because I can really buy that I think she's looking for someone who will tell her story in a way that's sort of flattering. But like if you take a look at the larger conversation, she's like the news is so mean to me when there's like maybe 10 pieces total and about six of them are nice. Yeah. I mean I have to agree with you because it's like why would you invite her over in the first place then unless it was for that unless it was for some like, you know, yeah alts all lit ulterior motive. Exactly. Are we gonna live? My dad didn't like Taylor's sort of flip-flopping on where she stands on Caroline. Like I didn't even follow her until recently. She would just pop up and say like guys no one can talk about Caroline because she's mentally ill and fragile like, you know, this is a specially created. Let's let's let's finish that the introduction of Taylor before God, so no, it's okay so I know me too. So Ryan knows a little bit. Okay, so they Dinner and then Caroline like posted on her Instagram the next day. I went to tell my story to Taylor and only to Taylor she is the only journalist I will I will have interviews with exclusively Taylor and only Taylor and we're all like I remember at the time we're all like oh damn is Taylor going to be like our person is Taylor going to come through for us and Taylor did not come through for us ever does, you know not to burn. First your bubble that I'm sure you were hoping you were building up right in front of me. What am I saying? I don't know. It's a wine kicking in I think is so anyway, the next thing that we really hear from Taylor is she like specifically tweets on her Twitter. I'm not going to talk about Caroline. I'm not going to write about Caroline, please stop asking me to I have all of these super other important things that I want to talk about like what Taylor like like Tick Tock like my dream you're thirty five fucking years old and you're trying to become a tick tock. Wait stop. She's 35. Yeah, who does that? I did not know she was 35 and I swear I'm not trying to sound a gesture like oh my God. She said, well, that's not my point that like, wow. She really doesn't know anything about the internet or someone. That's her job. No, she really doesn't in like pretty much your reaction to everything that she says and I'm not trying to be ageist either but it's literally just a fucking fact is like okay Boomer like seriously. What are you talking about? She really ruins the only good joke of last year with that. That I was so bad that the New York Times. Yeah, so she's she says she doesn't want to write about Caroline and that's really the basis for a lot of snark is because she white Knights for Caroline a lot. And this is where I'm going to hand it over to Mary because she has prepared for this. Oh I'm called. So I've been sort of fascinated and Taylor's almost trajectory where she started sort of flip-flopping really hard. Like I'm never going to write about her. You know, this isn't my You know, I'm going to do Trends. I know I have no intention but then a few days I think after Natalie's article dropped in September. She said something like she's a proc Carolina as a product of the press. No one should be talking about our you're contributing. She's just a mentally ill girl leave her alone that sort of thing but I think within 48 Hours Taylor had gone on a podcast to talk about her for over 30 minutes or something really it was insane and I listened and I was like, oh man, this is worse. What I expected I can't believe she said don't talk about her and then she went on a podcast and talked about her then she went talked about her. She does this very annoying thing where she deletes her tweets every week. Which like okay, I guess like smartpractice fine annoying for people like me who want to lurk. So I remember being like sort of what is her end game. Does she both want to be in on the conversation like amongst your colleagues or her colleagues also sort of making fun of this girl who claims to be a writer with no portfolio, or does she actually feel for Cairo and want to defend her? And I sort of like oscillate kind of between like this is all just like fun and games and you know, it's just silly to poke fun on someone who has no self-awareness. And then Taylor Lorenz comes in a legitimize person for the New York Times and is actively silencing Jewish choices will get there and I'm like, oh God, this is a lot darker than I thought. Yeah. She's she in and of herself is very problematic in her own way. I Outside of the Carol realm other sort of communities have problems with her. So it's not just us really. Yeah, I've read like I'm not involved in anything like who weakly I don't listen to my podcast, but I've read reports on Reddit before I deactivated that she was writing comic groups and sort of fishing for material, but without clarifying that was the case. Okay, huh, so I guess it would feel like kind of eavesdropping but not giving credit. Maybe I don't know specifics. It's because I'm not actually involved. Right right, so it's not just me who sort of my alarms went up when I saw her being involved. Okay, because it's such a like. What's the word? I yeah, it's so hypocritical. That's what I was sort of fascinated how she both demands to like, okay. I'm not going to do. You think guys like don't come after me to commenting on her Instagram like unprompted tweeting about her in a positive way unprompted. But also that doesn't really have anything to do with the like whatever point he's trying to make. I think the recent example was she was talking about Jake Paul's new YouTube University which like I could make fun of Jake Paul all day every day everybody everyone should he's a legitimate joke. Oh, yeah. I don't trust you. We worse than Caroline Calloway as far as like, oh his influence spreads way way farther. Yeah. He's a shit person. Yeah amongst and punch younger like demographic. Oh, yeah. Target is kids not told it is some of my siblings were following him for a little while before you started. Fuck that. Yeah. I know you like he's not No, he's got some problems. Yeah, so I guess Taylor had tweeted something. Like wow people call Carolina scammer. But Jake Paul is doing this and I was like, I quote tweeted her with what I thought was a pretty benign joke when my Twitter was still public. Like wow, you're going to be amazed when you find out to people can be shitty at once and it has nothing to do with the other that was picked up a little bit of traction. I think at its height was maybe in at 60 70 80 like I don't know and then underneath it. People were like, yeah Taylor just doesn't get it and I was like, I know she's just so obsessed with snarking. Maybe I can get the condescending tone right and tell her she needs help and then she came in and called me deranged like directly and I was like, okay, I want to know who she thinks she's talking to like my icon is the Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime tea there. I love that bear is a whole vibe. I respect to chamomile teas is too good, but I am No, she was also going into the Reddit threads specifically looking for commentary about herself. Yeah, sort of groveling and trying to get back and read it's good graces. Yeah. She commented on the Reddit thread saying well this was this was after she she posted about Caroline's vegan thing. Oh, yeah and like basically like defending Caroline and that was the post where Caroline had mentioned that that's the post where Caroline basically said I I never said Anne Frank survived the Holocaust and y'all are just you know mean for saying that I said that even though it was her own fucking words and Yan in the same post she talks about, you know, being vegan and how all of the vegans like we should eat all of the vegans because they're all horrible people and like shit like that. So Caroline is wrong has he curb now this is this is true. Wow, what the fuck am I talking about but it's what happens like yeah. I remember that and yeah Taylor post on her Twitter and she was like, you know, basically defending Caroline for her vegan comments. I'm sorry. Were you going to get to this Mary? Yeah, but go for it. Oh, I'm so sorry. No, I know. I don't got him order and that was my mistake. I was so excited to tell everyone that she called me to range directly. I just jumped the gun. I don't blame you I would also. That's an honor right there paper. Yeah. Okay. So I'm sorry you go ahead. I'll shut up so she could I think what she had tweeted was something like people are shaming her and you know, it's good to reduce animal or dairy consumption in any way which like nobody was making that argument. No, and I think like she also said like it is true that some vegans can be like really intense about their I don't know something that they build their entire fucking life around and their beliefs. Very specific technical stance that requires a lot of dedication. Yeah under Caroline to call herself that when like she has never been dedicated to anything ever. Yeah once it was just making fun of it. Yeah and like there's no such thing as vegan + m + + butter plus special moments, like just say plant-based just say pescetarian. Yeah, something like that. It's simple for someone who claims to be a writer. Why is she so terrible and imprecise with words like Like I don't think she realizes she is though. Like that's I think she does. Okay. Well, this is my theory. I think that she saw how upset people were getting and she just is a child a literal child. Oh, yeah and did it for to piss people off like she's seven days. You couldn't help herself and she's like and she's like, huh vegan pussy a man. Huh? Like seriously. Like I really think that's how she is terribly Petty the very few things that like make me kind of sad. Her as I think she interacts with the people that don't like her the most like all of her content is for snorkelers. Like people will comment the nicest stuff on her post. I don't know who those people are. Please please I know I don't know do something else with your time. I can make it by but she never acknowledges them. Mo. So maybe I'm like crazy biased but I don't see at this point what there is to be a fan of because she's not producing stuff. For them really for anybody. It's just almost like a campaign against the starkers. Yeah, it's for yeah the stalkers because she has to she's an understand why anyone would not like her? Yeah because she loves herself so much. Why don't you love her, you know gross. Anyway Taylor had jumped in and you know started defending her on the vegan thing and actually people in response on Twitter were very very respectful and said no we're upset about the Holocaust comparison were upset that she said this about Frank and denied it in that specific post. No one cared about the vegan shit. It was about the fucking Anne Frank in the Holocaust. You would think that a writer who writes for the New York Times would do the research. Oh, just wait just wait. I don't know if Mary is getting up there, but I'll get there. She doesn't so much quicker. So I hate how much space it takes up in my brownies to be my new tagline for this podcast is there so much. There's every single episode. I feel you though. Anyway continue then Taylor responds in a pretty Caroline like way and just blocking everybody who tells her this course, of course any Ka blocking Jewish people exactly and people were very kind of more respectable than I felt they needed to be, you know to someone who is actively harming marginalized voices for sure very very polite very eloquent. And then she just started blocking and didn't address it like four days. Yeah, I think that's important to really really reiterate is that I mean, I know a lot of people who sent me screenshots. I don't know where those screenshots are because there are lots of mediums but of what they said to Taylor and then Taylor block them and no one ever said anything even remotely mean it was all very eloquent very this is why we were upset and Yeah, it was. Yeah, and she was fucking blocking people for that shit. I like very surprised someone from The New York Times gets away with this kind of like social media conduct because it seems wildly antagonistic and unprofessional. I almost flipped. It was just a screenshot all this and then like send it to of New York Times as like that's us it's a serious issue when someone who's a voice of people I was gonna say, I'm pretty sure Marysville. Contacting my work and I'm like not to threaten you idiot to tell them that you're it's agonizing people exactly. I'm sorry. You work at the New York fucking times. You need some goddamn accountability. Exactly. You can't just you can't just say that. Yeah, you can't say that kind of shit and just like, oh everything's fine. It's okay. I can just say this and we're all these people and I think if you see something pretty harmful that could hurt other people you should say something. And he's anywhere obligated to say something if someone has an influence. Yeah, correct, and I'm sorry, but if people have a problem with anyone tagging the New York Times on Twitter or anyone contacting the New York Times because of the shit that some of their writers say that that's on you because it's absolutely not about tattling on someone. It's about having some fucking accountability. I'm not looking to punish her here to see something good happening. Out of this. I feel like it's don't think internet culture is Herbie. It's Arirang going. That's how I was gonna say like, you used to be like back in the day where if you saw a problem with someone you just wouldn't say anything. You wouldn't Rock the Boat these days. I think that time is lost 2020s long past that time now we stand up for each other. We're we make each other accountable for our actions and our what we say to each other. It's not it's no longer like oh you pizzas kids we won't talk about it. You know what people are like exactly and people are like, well, it's this it's a little thing and it's like no little things create big things because actually when your voice like that, yeah, it's because people are being held accountable and people are being called out for that kind of problematic bullshit is why the meets you movement K is like is here is why people have been now have the confidence to come forward but stuff like that. So it's little things that create the big waves totally and I think even at the tiny level It's always important. And Taylor herself is not tiny level. Like I said this before but Caroline doesn't scare me. Like if I talk negatively about her what her she and Lydia going to do to me. Yeah. What is she a power imbalance between me someone whose Anonymous on Twitter small following lives at home with my family. Someone works at the New York Times who has, you know mentions full of reply guys like oh my God, can we help you? Hmm that yeah, it's me nervous. Yeah 100% and I don't think it should have to be like this if someone's actively hurting somebody else or doing something that perpetuates harm I think it's our job as people to speak up and say something exactly yeah we now is the time where we hold each other accountable as a society you know yeah the the age of people not saying stuff the age of people considering having a fucking opinion is cyberbullying is is coming to a close like fuck that it's not cyberbullying if someone's calling you out for your bullshit and not agreeing with you because cuz you shouldn't be agreed with absolutely I'm sorry get very heated about this apparently understand why I needed to I didn't realize it didn't so we start talking about this but there we go it's one of those moments that I'm like this isn't just you know an internet fun side hobby I'm like this is an actual issue that needs to be raised this is someone in a position of power who's using it for harm and that I would say that's probably the one that biggest reasons why I would consider myself a starter is like when we first started know just Caroline cowl Out who cares, you know, it's just one little answer my phone sir Small Potatoes, but then I started seeing kind of the bigger picture and like the influence and like people like Taylor Luann Lorenz and that's like it's so much bigger than that. It's so much bigger than just one small Bean. You know, it's right. Let's move it girls. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah isn't movement, you know, and I think overall like I said, I really hope that at some point people start to realize that snarking is not the This like thing that you have to be ashamed of or that you have to hide. It's like it's stating an opinion. You know, it's not bullying someone know and I think both Twitter and Reddit both have like very good redeeming qualities and that people are so smart and catch everything. Oh, yeah for sure. I don't see a lot of you know, like terrible viciousness, you know, that should be reported or whatever like good Lord. No, I see people saying like this is why this is upsetting, you know, this particular language was harmful for me which brings me into town. Ren's talking about mental health in a way. That was just plain awful. Oh my God. Okay. This this is probably what pissed me off the most. Yeah. And what did me good. So Taylor had gone on to the Reddit threads basically groveling. That was the last I had seen it that she was like she'd never directly apologized. She just said that she felt bad and that she will unblock people and that she had no plans to write about Caroline. That was the gist of it. It was so strange because she He's very laying it on thick that she didn't know or that she was ignorant about the show. I'm sorry, but there's a difference between someone legitimately and authentically apologizing and that bullshit. I'm doing it for just the looks. You know, I just like the so see-through in my opinion is very transparent. Mostly. She was addressing that people compared her to like a, you know, Gia Tolentino who's kind of amazing. I love her way better writer than Taylor. I meant it when I said it on Did account that's now but yeah, but she had basically gone in and groveled and then kind of Silence. She had said she was never going to write about her. You know, she would just like to move on and I that she done block people that she's blocked and her excuse at the time was that she had blocked everyone that was coming at her that just makes no sense period I just don't buy it. He has a read the comments first enter the username, you know, exactly. Yeah if there there's no just like oh blah blah all these random people's To go. That's someone pointed that out on. I don't know if it was on Twitter or if it was on the Reddit thread, but you have to I'm pretty sure you have to go to someone's page the blog on Twitter to block them and she was like this is bullshit because you had to go to my page to block me and I have in my bio that I am a Jew and you would have seen that and also she had this person had like a star the star the star David have David like on there, you know, like a little Moji. Our username no way you couldn't see that before you like block them like it's like like it's straight up Caroline bullshit. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. She's taking too many pages off Caroline's book and its many care of. All right shut up let Mary talk. So I was really kind of fascinated and people were I saw on both sides were either not really willing to you know, Let It Go not really willing to accept but I also saw people being like, okay, that's great. That's you know, that's a Start for accountability. Where is that was kind of thinking in my brain like not so fast. Why is she doing this on Reddit? Why not address it on her public verified Twitter? Yeah, you know, it just seems sort of sneaky in that regard and I don't really know what the next Catalyst was because you know, she hadn't really been mentioned a few days had gone by and then she went on a weird Rampage. I got screenshots about it about how people are so obsessed with her and tracking her every movement and how threatened she It was and I was like girl what most people don't know who you are. There's maybe five comments about her mostly about her writing or how she was sort of oscillating between like, oh, you know, I'm never going to write about Caroline to sort of firmly defending her and she claimed it was targeted harassment. You are not getting any threats. No, she wasn't she okay. So this was after she had done her weird sort of not apologizing just saying she felt bad and that her friend had sent her some in shots and being mentioned in read it and my thought like as an observer was like wow, you have terrible friends. Why was he said that to you? Yeah, then a few days passed. I don't think she had been mentioned. Someone had told me that had been at least four or five days since her name was mentioned at all on Reddit. And then she went on this weird Rampage going into threads calling people psycho saying they were deranged saying they're all obsessed with her. I think I have your original screen shot of her weird rant on Twitter saying they you know, they were obsessed with her fascinated. Every move tracking where she went and if she was talking about the small being snarky credit. None of that is true. None of that is true. She literally replied to someone on Twitter being like, I don't know. I think they're just like obsessed with me and jealous of my life. Yeah, and I think my tweet I like I quoted her this is how I got blocked by Taylor. I quoted that tweet and I was like, it is fucking I said something like I don't know exactly I'm paraphrasing but I was like its 2020 are we really gonna be doing the just because I don't agree with you means I'm jealous of your life and like yeah, like are you fucking kidding me? This is someone who are sold your time. It's terrifying like like someone has a high school Taylor. I don't fucking want your life like no gross. I would not want to be vanity searching my own name in Annie's Reddit thread on like a A tight getting bad after it that is not my dream for some people Gervais and she literally I'm at once again. It is 20/20. We don't use those kind of words. We don't call people psychotic for just having an opinion, right it was for me. That was what did it was calling people psychotic calling people deranged and then very quickly switching to the goodness of yeah. Hope you get the help you need which I'm like you were just using mental illness as an insult. We're completely patronizing right now No One Believes you absolutely No One Believes you like you'd think that someone who works when you were times is like it's supposed to be like in a very well-established very respected, you know, knowledge intelligent. They are you like conduct yourself a little bit more professionalism, you know, you would approach these situations a little bit more right or the Quorum. Something is being online. She seems to not know how to Do it in a way that makes sense like she writes about teenagers on Tick-Tock which like I'm pretty sure almost anybody could go more in depth and she manages to do. Yeah, but she can't it bothered me because she was really saying like that. It was scary and that people are obsessed with her but people in her profession get legitimate death threats, like really hard-hitting journalist are afraid for their lives, but this friend airport. She got mentioned a few times. Times on a niche Reddit thread no personal information. No threats. Nothing that I saw and she's acting like, you know, people are outside her house is the thing as his no one cared about Taylor until tailor made a big issue like literally no one cared all it would be as like occasionally every couple weeks you like. Oh Taylor. Wow, your you exist. What are you? What are you doing? I see her pop-up and maybe Caroline's comment section like REI. You to the days when I was not blocked and I you know, she would cross my mind then. But again, I know nothing about her personal life. I don't know nothing about her background. I don't intend to find out I don't care. Yeah, I think I'm annoying when she pops into the conversation and you know contradicts herself and changes her mind and also uses really harmful and stigmatizing language about people with mental health. You know what I mean? I'm trying to you know, sort of take it with ease because it doesn't really bother me that she called me deranged. And I kind of want to send my therapy and voices to the New York Times because I think it's really funny and I can make it tweet about it. I'm getting the help. I need a happy face on it. So been blocked. I blocked her first. Let me check. She the next day after I quoted that tweet. She blocked the BBC Twitter and she blocked the part of my Stark Twitter. That's so rude. I know she's going to have him like me yeah I feel never learn Twitter I mean that's fair yeah I've been blocked by anybody either but I have blocked people more than once I bought peanut will go over those same yeah I blocked them to the second that she alerted me to like their existence I was like we're not doing this exactly I was like oh this isn't even worth my time I mean like peanut doesn't even deserve any airtime on our podcast thank you very much much exactly what Caroline the second she was like I'm coming back on Twitter and I was like not to read my page or not bubba bubba I think it's kind of funny to think about it because she's probably like where did everybody go everybody blocked her I know he's like literally the entire Stark family fucking blocked her no one wants to play this game is like cat and mouse if like maybe baiting her her baiting us that 40 curve Seeker who was g if she wants to write a book I'll I'll donate no Quailman same I would he's and she's brilliant she really is I love her so much so I like I can't say I know what Taylor Lorenz is up to lately but I will say it's been really fascinating watching her sort of fluctuate between I will never cover her please forgive me leave me alone to you guys are all terrible deranged stalkers obsessed and have fantasies about me and I'm like what fantasies I couldn't name a single characteristic about you I don't even know what you look like like she has her picture on on Twitter I've literally never gone to her page and looked at her profile picture ever like I'm just fascinated and I'm like this is very Caroline like where she says sort of the hate she's getting her way is bigger than it is yeah it really is and she's trying to it's like almost like she's trying to be relevant and almost go viral herself because playing a victim Yeah, because she covers deep on Tick-Tock because she's sort of missed that window. Yeah, like because no one fucking cares Taylor helped for us because we're doing this podcast episode but it's because you're ridiculous. I find her really weird. Yeah. It's in Northern having like a job at the most prestigious paper in the country. And this is part of your time doing to yell at the Celestial Seasonings T bear and makes me feel better run. Myself. It really does I swear to God this podcast in talking about Caroline and all these other people has boosted my ego so much. I'm like, wow, I'm doing good. I'm doing good in comparison. Yeah in comparison exactly influences me and I'm like if I'm really doing nothing or if my room is getting messy. I like oh God. I cannot have like a typical situation. Like I have a cat. He's an angel. can't eat anything on the floor it's not happening he's so precious I love him he's like hey baby I've been pretty interested in other writers talking about Caroline as well and also sort of like the public reaction and just as an aside like if I were going to write about her for any sort of publication I would fact check the hell out of it because there are thousands of people who probably know more than me wow so you mean you would like do your job like maybe if I was getting a paycheck wow that's a really interesting concept I know heard of him for no reason Rebecca read I think I don't remember the publication it's grazia daily yeah grazia or something like that in their view with her I literally never heard of that before someone someone messaged me and they're like that's like the trash of trash magazine or whatever I hope it's like the sun or something like thank you K tablet Sure also trash for a lot of reasons, but I was really Disturbed but her writing and also her response to the pushback about it. She there was no fact-checking like Caroline was pretending to still have a relationship with Natalie who notably blocked her on Twitter blew her off when Caroline was in California, like it's clear. They're not actually in communication and she's trying to say that she still has a deal with flat iron which like, you know, when pigs fly I will believe that exactly Lee she's kind of burned her bridges in a pretty spectacular way in the publishing industry and just so people know we're not just speculating we have actually like straight up proof that Caroline does not have a current book deal with flat iron flat iron probably doesn't want to fucking touch her and no one blames them Ibis president wanted has it have you guys seen like the screenshots where she's dming the agent or something and it was so bad. They were saying like you. Not published, you know your proposal on at Sea, you're breaking your contract. You're going to get ya replied like a bratty six-year-old girl now, but you really didn't touch you like if I were a publisher either ya know someone actually talk to someone who works at flat iron and they were like, yeah. No she is a not going to use the words that they used. But basically we would not ever touch her she does not have a current book deal. I don't not only is there. Line lying out of her ass Rebecca Reed who is supposed to be once again a journalist who you know, you would think does some sort of fact checking it would think but reported that and it's wrong it's incorrect very strange because a bunch of people commented for the most part respectfully like girl do you back Jack this like at all anything you verify anything and her response to every single one of those was like no, please email me Corrections and I was pretty Disturbed like that's your job. Yes, like the on the reader. most of us don't know where care to know this you know influence are nobody yeah and I mean like I don't know I haven't gone back and read the article because who fucking cares but I know that she got screenshots of the messages she you know I have someone has sent me screenshots that they sent Rebecca and they were supposed to talk but I'm not sure that they did oh yeah Rebecca has contacted her yet and a lot of people are ya happy my queen yeah I don't know yeah she was gonna like have like a little interview with Rebecca I'm guessing that didn't happen because I'm pretty sure Abby would have told us but who knows hopefully I'll be would have texted me about it I would have been hurt if she didn't I like to know things maybe are you there she's my queen she fears no one I know she is like truly a fucking bad-ass I'm like why is because it started strong right out the gate Caroline posted that really funny drugs you did that like on maybe Microsoft Paint or something and it just had like a stick figure and it's in scammer with dollar signs off on it that's right I forgot about that yeah she totally made it to the big gray amazing I don't have that kind of confidence although I have been blocked five times now not something I'm personally proud of but it's been worth it every single time so Rebecca was posting that yeah like you know she's got this book deal coming nowt and then he read more into it and her responses and you know her mentions on Twitter turns out she's been a fan this whole time and I'm like this is a clear conflict of interest yeah this is huge bias right here I forgot about that that's so strange and someone had responded saying like oh you know it's 25 pounds or something the ship to the UK and Rebecca said I'll upload it for you and I was like oh okay I see where we're at it's just kind of worrisome and I'm kind of worried about what it says about sort of media in the larger sense of like is there a really not this much fact-checking or do people just not care on the lower level yeah they're clearly isn't because there is that other article where again the New York Times New York Times get your goddamn fucking shit together because like what the fuck grabs the Washington Post now single-handedly because Taylor the Reds insulted me directly for making fucking but ya know someone else wrote about Caroline in the new New York Times mentioning that she you know she hides the face of all of her Lover's and that and I tagged I tagged the New York Times I tagged the rider and I was like is in in all of those post straight from Caroline story where I was like is this is this what you call hiding someone's face and protecting their privacy because I'm pretty sure this guy is in his underwear and they just fucking met and he clearly doesn't know his pictures being taken and so obviously No fact checking is not done and like if I could I hate that I even have to say the word the phrase fake news, but unfortunately that is a fucking reality that we are seeing and if it's on this meniscal level that no one really cares about except us. Just imagine what it's like on a bigger scale. I can't even imagine that's terrifying to think about absolutely it's like in this era of fake news. I'm like, okay she clearly has an agenda You know, what else is happening the New York Times did write like an addendum to that post. So I appreciated that but Rob there. Yeah, small small little still gonna happen the first place class. Yeah, exactly. It never really should and I'm just really fascinated by Caroline saying like she has all this terrible hateful press and I will say Madison's article was kind of it was funny, but it was also very deadpan and very critical. like since article is amazing she's also my queen because she went to the UK with a hat that said something about you like yeah she's such a clean I have such a girl-crush on her oh he only both I think she's brilliant and she's funny and she's really pretty yeah I know I talked to her once and she shot me down about being on the podcast but I was like okay can we be friends absolutely so she's always going on and on about how mean the Press is and it's very trumpian and I don't like to draw those parallels too often because what we're looking at is a clearly larger you know imbalance of power right like Trump is unfortunately the leader of the Free World at the moment she is an Instagram nobody who has mostly box for followers yeah well people follow her because they don't like her then they do yeah exactly but the parallels are there are absolutely there and I yeah I don't really like to at the same time because it's you know such a different sort of cause and effect and consequences one could cause versus the other but it's still a few can be make something accountable now that you should absolutely like go for it correct things as you see them yeah exactly so she's gotten like a lot more defense than you know I think hard-hitting critique like I don't know if you know who Caitlin Flanagan is she writes for the Atlantic I wrote this like Wong I'm rambling piece but I think she had started it with like none of this is from Caroline's Instagram so I'll be honest I didn't read the whole thing it was also like very themes are really familiar he always goes for the contrarian take so now okay she took Caroline side yeah and like that's a good point it's like you know Caroline talks about how all of the press hates her and she is this horrible relationship with journalist and I'm like seriously like know no one has even tried to write the truth about you yet nope and I don't someone that I like more than excited yeah I don't get that clearly there's something there's something there that like we don't know about that that there's something there about how they do these things that we don't know about because yeah like my tinfoil hats on is like why is nobody talking about what like exactly like I don't want to sound like a conspiracy theorist but it's what the fuck because anybody who's anyone knows that something like this that's the true story of Caroline Calloway and the shit the stupid shit that she does would sell like crazy so it's like why aren't you really writing about this like what is going on here yeah and I've thought about that a lot like how is it that most writers like just don't get it like what are they missing yeah I don't I don't understand I know there was someone from BuzzFeed maybe a couple months ago or like right after the Natalie the cut article who like followed her around for a day or something mmm she had said something like Caroline's not a scammer and people were like what about the Cambridge sweatshirts yeah babe how are you just missing this large chunk of information all the time yeah and I don't know like because like you have these people who like actually interview her and then you have these people who just write about her and I can understand like you know she's she's a textbook narcissist so I can understand that she's charming and person would never work on me because she's scuse me the fuck out but like I could not spend a day with her no but like even the people who are writing about her and I'm like how is like you know just objectively speaking it's a really juicy story and I'm like why are you really writing about this like what is going on here I always think what's so interesting about Caroline is not her because her every day is pretty boring but house really bought the Hypes you lied about herself like she created this larger-than-life Persona about you no Cambridge and castles and then you find out all of it was built on lies like she had bought those followers In Those ads Not only was the one you know footing the work in options because yeah when Caroline rights because she's a terrible writer yeah I don't understand why people continue to harp on the Cambridge days like the Cambridge days are done no one fucking cares about them anymore rest I'm what the fuck is happening now he's like you know long graduated college right who cares so much about they went to undergrad I can't like there's just something so strange about living in Your Glory Days that way yeah it's it's truly like I have so many friends who are still you know in that college phase and I'm like bro you're like 27 fucking years old like what are you doing with your life I'm not afraid anymore that's the uncle Rico's of the you know nowadays basically across the van and my whole life changed wait what yeah like when Michael came to visit because he had never seen it I was like okay if we watch this and you don't like it you don't get me I didn't know there was a scene at the end oh yeah it's beautiful you have to watch it is the wedding scene I love that so much because Napoleon Dynamite is my number one passion so good it's so good I even washed again soon I'll watch it tonight all right what else do we is that it oh my God I covered everything in my adorable list well that was fun that was I really enjoyed this that was a good asset sleep Sounder than I have in months tonight I just got all of that off my chest that's what we're here for the therapy session so how do you let me know all right well do you want to plug your handle so people can follow you on Twitter sure okay go for probably going to change it back any day now but right now it is hip Bookworm 44 for no reason other than I panic and change my handle because somebody was mad at me yeah right now probably already following possibly if you follow my current handle or my current icon is the celestial bear a said and I think my banner says shut up and listen and it's from The Princess Diaries it is the shut up and listen from Lily from The Princess Diaries we Mosque of it I loved her I did not realize it at the time because I was a you know repressed little Christian Child but I had such a huge crush on her everything about her was amazing I totally feel you there she's running up to people be like wait for me not you I don't even know you don't even know you that was my whole childhood yeah Lily was the shit I am now following you yay all right well oh shit that reminds me I am so sorry that I live the past like I don't know I don't know what month were in so what year is it again I don't even we're moving in like two days and I am drunk and honesty couple days anyway I completely forgot not for a while that we were doing the boob magnets if you go online and place a review on iTunes I will send you I'm going to do a little drawing and we're going to just say it's for the month of March so in a couple couple weeks I'll do a drawing and I'll announce the winner and someone will win three free boob magnets and all you have to do to enter is just go to iTunes and place review and I think that that's the only butt plug have yeah it's actually I totally copy that from whine and cry because you know how you do like plugs and stuff at the end of like and they just started doing it they just started saying butt plugs and so I just have copied that you're like all right hello excuse me well thank you so much for your guests eat today this was super fun it was a lot of fun much for having me this was a lot of fun I agree we should hang out at if I ever come to Texas yes I'm so down for sure I'm gonna hit you want if you're ever in Texas but also I'm Ireland I will be there to be your tour guide I can't wait I'll have a fanny pack yeah like I think this is legitimately happening like if you're going to be there yeah we're going to we're planning to have me come over probably by the end of May or early June well our wedding it's going to be really good and crazy time now that I will be there with like a megahorn ready to show you around yeah I'm so excited you will be the first snark Ur friend that I've that I've met like in real life and I'm like oh gosh side add this will be so fun we're gonna have to take lots of pictures and I'm going to show you all the cool stuff because a lot of the like tours around Ireland show you all the touristy places and nowhere else you gotta dive bars yeah and that's what I'm like I'm so much about like the the actual life and culture not a touristy stuff like there's kind of a running joke that like Americans will buy grass in Ireland of its labeled authentic the real shit the good food like the best fast food all of that I'm so excited it's been so long since I got to play tour guide and I always have a good time doing it some like in on your left you'll see this statue I'm already thinking list of the bars were going to and the club I'm Joel and my little sister is going to be with me and she you do 13 if that's a concern because it's a very tame country oh no she's fine but she's super excited like she's only 18 but she's excited that she's technically legal drinking age and my plan is to told her that I know now she's super excited my plan is totally to get her a little choices for the first time Rider it's amazing and it's really good for people who don't drink a lot because it's about Lee is gonna be so much fun. I'm so excited. I can't wait and I'm going to take you shopping to the good place is not like the giant plasticy stuff. Yes. It's gonna be awesome had it all mapped out if our apartment is still like where it is. It's like in the center of the city, so it should be really easy to show you around. Well, I am super excited for that and I am so happy that you came and guessed it today, and this has been an amazing episode. Thank you very much. Much. Thank you for having me. All right, babe. Get off your phone. What's wrong with you? Goodbye. I saw something very interesting. I have it happens to the best of us the best of us and also me. All right. Well, we will see y'all next time. Thank you so much for listening and bye. Bye. Bye. Goodbye, Mary. thanks for listening to pardon my snark hosted by Shay's and Ryan fall check out our website at PMS pod dot Wix site.com forward slash pardon my snark podcast you can also join in on the snark on our Instagram at pardon my stock podcast and Twitter at pardon my snark underscore if you have any questions answers or interesting Caroline stories please email them to pardon my snark podcast at gmail.com if you enjoyed the show please rate review And subscribe on Apple podcast because we will love you forever thank you and happy snarking