Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose.Concept but we the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of background. Ground short bios on ourselves and so people have context for what we're I think we're going to I think in what referring to what anything like our belief systems are like where we're coming from. I think we should give some context because my idea is I think you and I have a very close relationship. Yeah, I'd argue. You are probably my best friend that's sweet of you. So we think that's true, but I think we also have maybe not an interesting relationship, but I think we have a somewhat interesting. Back and forth. Sure sometimes yeah, I think we like I don't know challenge each other and very stupid ways that don't matter. Yeah, I think that can be interesting. Yeah context sure. So I guess context because relationship this is that too but like maybe it's a little bit arrogant to presume that they're going to be people listening to this who don't know who we are but is it arrogant to press the whole that we are worth giving any kind of context for Yeah, because or we were nobody my first thought no you were definitely nobody that's there's no debating that but my thought is like I like to know the person behind Okay, this story there gives you want to like start but what the riffing on you start and almost see what you want to say. Well we both share in common. We both work for tech companies that is our current role at work for a tech company. It's kind of a tech. I'm not really now this company is old-school. It's basically refrigerators and ovens. Let's Knology, not not not really. It was maybe technology a woman speaking a bit broadly and Loosely but as sort of what we do, but our but I think our backgrounds are in passions are in music, you know in some way for Tyler. He's a musician still is has played in bands myself more of a music journalist you would say but I think me and Tyler at sort of similar levels in our lives where we've made very little money from doing these things. I've made no money. I've made probably in the whole I probably made more dialogue overall. I'm sure like, yeah, but I think the most I've ever I think in sum total is maybe $300 that I walked away from on one tour. That's the only amount of money I've ever made and I over the years. I've it's probably been at least a few thousand that I've sunk into whatever I'm not I'm not too far above you plus. I'm an individual. So it's easier to make money doing what I used to do more or less. I don't do it as much now obviously, but if I think it's still are Actions in some ways. We know I think I think more than anything it kind of shapes our worldview. It's shaped our world view. It's like we see things through the lens of that subculture. Do ya Punk to expand expand and what Schultz is saying Brian Brian, I guess he wants to go by Brian now. Well now people that can find me. But continue you may you may catch me calling him Schultz because that's what everybody calls him for the most part syllables easier apparently. So the music Foundation is punk. Hardcore metal, you know post-hardcore whatever punk and metal offshoots for the most part of mostly Punk. So anything in that realm, which I think if you're very into that stuff or if spent time in that world if you understand the personalities you understand your versions to tradition. Yes. There's your tends to be kind of a more cynical. You know, I don't know critical ones that I may cut some of this out because I don't know. I don't want to I don't want to top load this with too much but sterile shit butter. I think that's you. That's what brought us together. That's what brought us together. We went to the record label. Yeah, so we work we both work together for a record label called Bridge non-records Schultz had been working there for a think about a year prior to my joining. I met Schultz, I think maybe a year or two before that. I had heard rumors and stories, but we became it wasn't until after I started working there that you and I became very close because I had some exposure. Therapy to you. I was with you on a daily basis sure, you know, if somewhat unique work setting we also had a mutual friend who worked there as well and kind of was like he was kind of the middleman between us for a while and then you and I kind of became closer, you know throughout the years working there and since we work there, but I think that gives some context I guess. Veganism is a thing. I was about to mention that yeah, so there's that we're all but we're contractually obligated to mention that sure but we've been friends for what like 10 years now, maybe that's or I guess we've known each other for about 10 years probably been close friends for least six to eight of those. Yeah. I've lived in Massachusetts for a little over eight years, but my idea was to riff just on like online bullshit and I don't again. It's been done a billion times at this point, but we have our own takes on it. I mean we have our own takes but also like I think there's some untapped shit. I mean for me I would social media. I'm not like I'm a lurker for sure. I'd post and produce content a lot less frequently than I do just lurk, especially Schindler's Facebook. Most people I think who are like remotely like functioning don't use Facebook like religious. Lee it's kind of become this weird like I know your kind of a weird Pariah if you're like religiously using Facebook like it has like it's not maybe that's even a stereotype now. Like there's like a Facebook person. It's like aunts and cousins and like my brother's become that way. But like that's the thing. It's always like your family members who were like moron like the normal end of the spectrum are the ones who like abuse Facebook. So I don't know. I've personally there's some I just there certain things on Facebook that you see is like trends I find simultaneously like fascinating and kind of I don't know. I don't want to say frustrating because it's not like it keeps me up at night. But like I think it's it's challenging to see like like what seems like the majority of people buy into something that seems fake or like and I'm not even saying this in the weird fake news, you know. Yeah kind of way. Is there a new trend that's been an onion that yeah, well me about I think I think a big record Current thing here is gonna probably going to be the human trafficking bullshit. That was like see all the time. Like I am I think most of my close friends. No, I'm borderline fixated on the fake human trafficking stuff. That goes goes around like like the zip tie on the tight on you think this is just done by like a shitty teenager who like wants to like give you a hard time. So you have to like find like a blade got her to take it off Oh, you mean like the people who I like if that's actually happened. I think I see another picture do you think Picture was like done by someone trying to fake. Yeah that as a training or someone who is just who genuinely founded on their car and like I was a teenager being shitty my very scientific and signed educated. Guess is that it's a hoax from the from the jump. I think at least like the way this shit originated I think was some like kid, you know, he's too smart for his own good. Yeah posted like probably saw some something similar to this saw that there's like some like interests are a type of stupid shit. Buy a bunch of aunts and Mom's so they put the zip tie in the car and take a picture of it. And then write this big long thing and the beauty of it is that it's always like shared from someone or it's like I've heard it's always this like I don't know. There's this element of like lore and kind of like wives tale. Yeah Miss to it where it's like oh because every time the of comments immediately start going. Oh, I've heard of this happening in other cities. This is true. Like this happened to like in this town in its monkeys Ville like Idaho like, I don't know. It's those things spiral but they like people love it. Like there's this fascination with it. I mean, obviously I love it but I think in a different way, yeah, but but we know it's just people who we think they're genuinely trying to be helpful to one another. I don't think that's true. You don't you think that you think that they think they know what's also fake? No, I don't think that I think well, I think if they were to really sit back if they were to like if I were to knock on their door and be like I need to ask you about this like Genuinely think I come to their come to their door. I have a gun loaded and I put it to their their head and I say the seems like on your life. Do you believe at your core that this is really happening the way it said here on this Facebook post with a ton of weird grammar and towns that may not even exist. Like do you truly believe that I think they'd say like obviously not come on man, like clearly not because I think no I think Ink I think they I think there is like a 65 year old extremely sheltered person who might think it's real but even within that like what is real like what what is real for people because like like do they think all you have to do is hear about it? But like it is real mean like they think it's happening all the time. It's so prevalent is in every small town because if you if you thought something that evil and vile is happening wouldn't you do something about it? Like like or like other than just comment like yeah this It's happened to be careful to hypothetical. I think I don't know like if you thought something was that rampant. Like I feel like and you cared enough to be commenting and sharing about it. I feel like you'd want to you be create a task force. No, you just be more involved in some way or you look into it. That's the thing is like you look into it more which would cause you to find out it's fake because you go on Snopes or whatever and find out. Yes. This was debunked like three years ago, probably and you realize that you're feeding into some bullshit that some like 15 year. Old like baited you inserted. Yeah, but I think there's that. I also think there are people who really want it to be true. Like they want to believe it's true, especially when it happens so they can be part of the cause warning other people about it happening. Not even that like, it's more self-involved than that. I think they think it gives them it makes them important it puts them on the map because when it happens in, you know anchors Ville, it's like north-northeast honks tonight. Yeah, like when it happens there people get stuck. Like, oh wow like that. Something's here. Like I hear about danger and action in the city and it has more urban areas or in more populated areas. But like now it's here. There's that which I know it's also think it it feeds into the sick. Like, I don't know kind of self-obsession where people think like who like they're after me like or especially with the people's kids when people have children like let's just be honest like their brain breaks and they become like mutants like sometimes like your brain just melts, especially if you become I'm like a stay-at-home parent and like that's all you do is go on Facebook and read shit like this. I think people think their kids are the like most targeted most targeted because they're so desirable their children are such perfect specimens of human beings that all of these human traffickers that are now lurking in every Suburban Town very casually, you know in front of in front of the Chili's across the street walking up to a car tying a bag to it and walking across the street. Sitting there with binoculars waiting waiting waiting for Derek to be cut off. Yes doesn't mean they can jump in and take the kids because everyone knows it takes like it's so insanely difficult to take a bag of flirter your car your side window and it in pairs you so much like is the idea that it is is it supposed to be his perfect scenario with a bag you get it off but then it ties your hands. Yeah because it's so difficult your bumbling with it hurts. I don't know but I think there is this insane the zip ties. In a little while. I mean I could but like would you even a what's the chances you're getting in your car real quick, especially like at night and you notice would you even and it's raining and like yeah some shit like that. It's like the chances of you know, I mean, maybe people are super pretty like perceptive like maybe I would notice that I don't know but I don't know it's just it's obviously fake clearly clearly pretty fake and but I do I think More than anything I think what fuels this is people want to believe it because I think it makes their lives more interesting. That's sad could yeah and dark but I think like I'm telling you that leads to the notion that they do believe it's true or yeah leave it's true. At least I guess but I get that was a that was a long tangent about when you come to the house with the gun. They think you're the human trafficker in they're going to you're going to take their kid. Maybe maybe I will. I guess that would that that was an example of what I think would be interesting content, you know sure talking about the weird kind of modern phenomenons like these these things that are have become like we're commonplace going to look back at this human trafficking shit when it when it totally is debunked and we're going to be like remember when that was like a thing that everybody claimed to believe in posted like you clear we're talking about like Suburban human trafficking and not the actual like, yes, we're not we're not You about like real like I don't sexual police report of yes, we're not talking about like a police report or like a news article about actual human trafficking getting found out and busted and you know taking care of we're talking about the I found a zip tie on my car at Chili's like that's what I'm talking about. And but that's also the shit like for every 20 of those how many real stories of a human trafficker getting busted. Do you see I see I personally not from the same people who are truly obsessed with the Chili's parking lot abductions. I don't know why I go to Facebook. I have a job. I have a desk job, you know and it's a kind of a go at your own pace. Like I have like a daily or weekly kind of expectation, but how I get there and how long it takes me to get there is kind of on me, which is nice, but it does sometimes it seems job. Yeah for sure for the most part. But it allows me to do some very compulsive cycle of going to Facebook. Once the notification actions pull me in I don't I don't have like the actual Facebook app on my phone. So I don't get any notifications. But it you do the cycle you go to Facebook you go to Instagram. Yeah, Twitter, whatever. But Facebook is the one that I always find like the craziest stuff the best most crazy content like just let's see who well, so this is a good one. Mommy groups are another another group. So basically what I was trying to say is I've kind of at this point part of my Facebook lurking has I basically will just go to people's profiles that I think may have posted something and saying recently and check up on them. Most of them are my family members my cousins and aunts. 810 do for whatever reason my gene pool ain't the strongest unfortunately. But let's see. So this is a Facebook page called. Mommy has a potty mouth. Okay. So I mean that's we could spend even some time on that. Like that's that's a cool type of person like the type of parent or especially like Mom who likes and swearing all the time but like the person who identifies as that though like this is a personality trait like it's this I think they think is this very interesting juxtaposition of like I'm a mom which by default Makes me like good and pure. Yeah, but also like I say I say shit sometimes don't tell anybody but like I don't know that's like that's that's is interesting. Like that's the most interesting identifying characteristic they can think of sure that they are swearing mother which so is this a group of them? I guess I think it's just supposed to attract that kind of person which is I think you know for lack of a better. Rephrase kind of the trashy trashy mom. Yeah type probably Suburban probably white for the most part. So let's check this out. I skim this earlier and I remember coming across a few so I'll just read a few here. We have couple accused of Faking child's birth and death using doll. So there's that and that's one of the most recent posts. This story shared within the group. Yeah, they're like most of them are like news articles from like sketchy websites that you've never heard of like Mama son cut almost done cut.com. They're almost all from that smells of one person sharing all these it's like this the page is sharing though for posting them explosion at gender reveal party has tragic end. So most of these are like kind of in line with the human trafficking thing I bet this is like a hot And for those but you think all these stories are fake or saying it's not that they're fake. I think that's fair. I think I heard about the gender reveal. I think I did too. But like the point is like these are all they love this like tragedy and like the danger of being like a mom or a parent or it's also like it's not even it's sometimes on the danger. It's the seeing comparing yourselves to these other parents who are so bad. It's like oh this weird family did this strange thing with using a doll, I would never Do that. I'm such a good parent like so shaming others for doing stupid things to make yourself. Yeah, for sure kind of the same thing. We're doing with this podcast though, I guess but we're not wrong. Here's one Utah woman went topless in front of step kids faces charges these pages also post so much like a lot like 10 to 50 times a day or something like that 15 or 50 50 like within the same hour. There's like a half dozen. Into a dozen the covid much can't keep up with that. This one is good just because I'm unsure of like the intent here. There is the that article or whatever which is all from this mama son cut.com, which I don't know what that is. I don't know if that's like the actual website that this page is like like from waste for based on. Yeah, I think all of the articles are from that so it must be that someone from that website. But um, so the article is entitled best birth photography revealed and the images are stunning and let's let me just show you the picture that is the default. I don't know what that is or what it's supposed to be but it looks like a ring be in a balloon. It looks like either a baby in a balloon or a deformed like a severely deformed babies face. Like was it a fetus or a baby? It's more like this is a newborn baby. Okay, so it's Beth best birth photography revealed. Like I don't know maybe I'm being duped by this and this is supposed to be funny like a supposed to be ironic but like I don't think so and then the like caption to the post of the art like the person was beautiful. You said it said best birth photography revealed and the images are stunning and then I mean they are it is a stunning image. Just knocking. Yes. But then it says there's nothing quite like seeing the moment a woman becomes a mother. So like it seems like totally sincere at least right? But the deepest picture is whatever the fuck this is like this baby in a balloon. Maybe I don't know enough about childbirth, but it's not I don't know if the balloon is the part a part of like is this a joke is this the placenta that the child is still in coming out of the womb like I don't know what's going on here, but the default picture for it is Really fucked up. Let's see on today's episode Tyler and Brian Explorer females biology. Here we go. Mom and toddler found on the ground outside apartment building and baby found in scalding bath. She's Stu toddlers dead two adults critically injured at a parent murder suicide attempt select clearly, you know, nothing funny about that. That's dark but it's the juxtaposition between that that type of shit like putting There and then putting it like directly beneath it is when you accidentally say a curse word in front of mom and it's two owls looking at once I throw in a funny way. Yeah. So then the collection of various moods hear the most is not one tone. That's what I'm saying. It's just like this illustrates how fucked up it is a show like bipolar and like that's what these people are fueling themselves with all day long. Their whole world is like like weird like Don't talk to me until I've had my coffee or IMA stab ya like and then everyone going haha. That's so me and tagging their other weird mom friend and being like that. Oh my God, this is you and then posting the article about how a parent did stab someone. Yeah, and then posting about how like a family jumped off a roof together like within the same like ten minute window, but like I don't know that's kind of traumatic to be like filling yourself with this but then also like desensitizing yourself to it, but I like putting it almost you basically You're kind of putting it on the same like platform and Forum as you know, like family like group Suicide and like haven't had my coffee yet like meme is like this. I don't know. I feel like they get jumbled up and mixed up and like your brain kind of turns into mush because you stop separating these two things. Yeah. I don't know. I find that weird and scary and interesting and like but the comments on this shit, let's see if they're any good comments on that article is like what could you possibly say? Other than like? Oh my God, that's so sad tragic. I feel like people love to they immediately start assuming strange things like oh I bet there was drugs or like opioids or they'll just like object like objectively say some weird thing a lot of it's about you can't eat if you want to kill yourself. That's okay, but don't bring the kids with you. There's a lot of that so it's a good fun take if you want to die fine, but don't take others with you which I mean, I guess I mean, I wouldn't say it's fine. But I mean I guess I understand your point. There's the sentiment we get someone in speculating maybe hubby threw them out more to this story. So let's I don't know how you immediately come to that conclusion. I'll be I'll be sounds kind of like a fun term of endearment for a situation like this to let's see. That's the that's the juxtaposition. That's not a mixing up of like you just saw you just saw a meme about like when your kid when you just change the diaper and then they'd shit a giant load back into their pants and you're about to go lay down and watch, you know, watch whatever like and then your scroll right up and like you have to switch your brain mode on like such a dime that I don't think you at some point, especially when you're on this like 24 hours a day. Yeah, and this is like your main source of consortial Outlet. Yeah and social outlet it all runs together and you start existing in this strange parallel universe where like, you know, it's either memes or and really bad. Hated trashy memes that like I think like do harm in a similar way as always seeing sure like, what's the classic been trashing me? I mean, well, they're still using the format of some ecards. You remember the these shits. Oh, yeah. So this is like classic like they're kind of dying out but I feel like there's still I don't I feel like if you post this you are I feel like if you post this the only excuse is that you just got released from prison like prison or like like a Something like a health clinic or something. Like you've been you've been by institutionalized, you know sure it least a decade and you're like, oh like I remember these are fun. I'm going to post some but like, you know, But yeah, this one is That Awkward Moment realizing you talk to talk more to your dog then people and then is Iain, of course and you like it that way. So there you go. I mean there's 93 comments on this what this is your to say. What is there to say about everyone correcting the ground will some the first person did the worst part is you're spelling suffers. So that's a good into clever response. I guess kind of what I was thinking but then the the second comment is don't make fun of people very immediately getting very upset with a making fun of making fun of the anonymous and who created it ottawa's Meme creator the person who created probably talking about themselves. Wait, what what do you mean person who created that some he card is probably referring to themselves right in what like, I'm the person who talks to my dog. Yeah other people no. No, I think the don't make fun of people is talking about first comment. I think it was it a reply. That comment it wasn't actually reply because this woman looks like 70 or 80 years old. So she replied right below it in the general thread when you have been replying. She said person don't make fun of people. She could be referring to the the content creator. I don't know that seems insane. It seems insane either way. There's one that says don't make fun of this Anonymous person. I don't know because they use the wrong grammar saves. A lot of time comments are just like it sounds like it feels like the person just slapped their hand on the keyboard and hit send or enter or post. We got that is the only people I can talk to I mean, I guess maybe that's a bit of like I'm trying to be funny, you know, you know giving my gir to some personifying my my animals, but sure the one underneath that just says my cat period my cat period yes, they're correct. That's what you get it right there correcting them the mean to say, that's me, but it's my cat I guess so. But then there's this one that says yes period live my animals. Yes. I mean, maybe they're saying yes. I love my animals. But but the thing is like that is just far enough removed from that that like, I don't know if that's there were trying to say I mean, I think there were there just but they could be saying yes live my animals go out and live like I don't know if it means that mostly like I said earlier with like it's just a bunch of people. Their friends to let them know that this is I just couldn't imagine being seizing held by this isn't this like I talk to my dog more than people like that is and that's good. Haha. But like that is such a base level say six sentiment. It's like, yes, you like your pet. That's why you have them everybody likes dogs. Like I don't know. It's just it's a dog. I like it. It's wild. The mom the mom Facebook's are really good. I'll have to keep on it's tough to keep like a rely on these because Like you can really join them without looking like a true freak and weirdo by being a not Mom. Yeah Dad or dad even and joining this but I'll check back every once in a while. Hello. I'm a child. The list thirty-year-old man. I would like to join your mom's castling group Brooke Skylar Richardson found not guilty of murdering newborn. And then this is from the Mommy kissing to post up. It says I need a tax person who's not afraid. Prison joking about how haha your taxes are all out of order. It's crazy how this shit like pops off though. Some of these have 800 comments in the stupid shit. This one has four thousand comments thousand which one's work best friends are irreplaceable. No bond is stronger than both of you having to put up with the same shit, but the eye is start out for eight hours a day. It has 4,000 comments that basically saying Works tanks. It's not my favorite thing to do resonates. So I mean it red, but the thing is it shouldn't resonate because it's a basic simple other people who agree. Yeah. It's what it's like such a basic sentiment. It's like I mean even people who claim the like their jobs, they don't like their jobs. Like that's your lights scam. Like you're being your they're too young to the super beaten down by it or like you're just lying like and I get that. It's like a defense. This mechanism people need to like kind of convinced validate. Yeah. Well if it's validation tremendous validation of their choice, it's that but I think it's also like it's a defense mechanism. You need to convince yourself that you're not like completely miserable, I guess to at least pretend like you're not completely miserable but he's over the 4,000 comments people going. Wow. I never imagined someone share that sentiment with me. I mean, I can't imagine it's like that but I think it's just people going like haha. Oh my God. Yes. I feel this way everyday or tagging there. I bet most of these are tagging who they consider their work best friend who is someone who they will not be communicating within a year because they had a giant falling out regarding something that happened on the mommy. Mommy's with bad-mouths Yeah in our page here. So another thing I like is the like playing on people's guilt to like they'll post like like a firefighter and say I bet this firefighter can't get can't get 300 shares. Yeah or something like no, it's always But I've seen some that like go get real cookie with it. They'll be like, what are you too busy like whacking off and and eating hot pockets to share this you scumbag like a firefighter who would lay down their life for you and it's like it's even gotten more legal Terry than I think than I mean. Yeah, but I've seen it with like stupid shit and be like a chef who rescued like a kid from like almost getting bumped into by a shopping cart and I'll be like I bet like you won't share for this hero. But they always like compared to like a million people liked this picture of Justin Bieber's yeah, see if we can beat that or it's like or you're a bad person but it's always like I bet you won't share this that's trying to like it's trying to like bait you into it, which is like it's a very strange like you're you're inherently you're doing this soft like psychological like game like psychological warfare to try to get someone to like something you didn't even originally post. You're sharing it from some other fucking weird blue lives matter. Like yeah fansite. This is the whole idea that like you're going to start to like pay attention more to in like support emergency services and the military you always you think you overthink. This doesn't think is that deep. It's just like it's a person who's like 65 and lives in like somewhere Way north of Portland. Maine going to have kids have never miss we're gonna do phones. They're not seleucid King. I like soldier soldier good. I share I think everyone else should too, but I also think it's Like this validation thing is like that simple like dude. It's like this is my content. So I also just want people to like it as well. Sure. Yeah, that makes sense I guess but I mean it's also a lot of this is like older like the people who do that kind of shit. They're usually like 50 plus because that's like a weird like you don't understand how the internet works like you're not you think that kind of stuff works still like yeah, it's the same people who post the like who copy and paste and say I'm opting out of the Facebook. So Ben get the new Facebook love rules that that's say whatever can use my life. You may not use my likeness. You may not clone me based on my pictures that I have posted. I'm removing my consent from that by copying and pasting this message into a comment on their nephews prom photo. Yes. Well, I saw one recently that was like, oh I found out why like, I'm not seeing post from my friends. I have to copy and paste this. So now please leave a comment and like to to let me know if it worked but it's just like it is wild to see that - because it's like what other things on a computer on the internet work that way were you copy and paste something into this closely into likely comment sections but paste it and it triggers like this function of the website. Like that's not a thing. It's a binding contract but not only what is in order for their there's the Facebook person who's looking at everything that was from everything that they have a team of people that what they had. Everyone's posts sir. We have another we got another one. Okay, give him access let him in here. Act us disable them. Yeah, they caught on we gotta we gotta do what's right. Yeah. I don't know that's that's an interesting thing. But a lot of my family members post some great shit is a lot of very strange child's children missing is another big one that I find a lot. I have a few odd specifically who I'd say 60 to 70% of their feed is just posting without any real context like an article or a news. A news story about a missing child trying to help I guess. Yeah. So the rare, I guess it's this but I've actually been publicity. I've seen something recently. I mean this could be just as much bullshit as statistic or but not use something that like a lot of times or not a lot of times but a fair amount of time like Amber Alerts and this kind of thing. It's actually not Amber Alerts, but when you see this missing child thing it's It's actually like an abusive or like someone who doesn't have custody or access to the child doing this in a way to try to get like access and locales like maybe not custody because obviously that would you know be legally documented somewhere but it's someone who like is trying to avoid possibly an abusive father or like well, especially when it's like like Muslim prayer are you saying it's a person with good intentions sending the Amber Alert out or no? No. Well, not the Ambler. I think an amber alert is different I think. That's like a legal thing. But when you see like the news article about a missing person mean I don't know enough about it, but apparently there's like a decent percentage of those that like someone does that when they're trying to locate and find someone who's trying to avoid the person who's trying to locate them like for good reason, right? Like it's like this is an abusive father and husband who's looking for the mom and daughter who have escaped the situation gotcha and when you share this type of shit, sometimes it I've actually I don't know it off the top of my head. But I remember seeing a few confirmed cases of them actually successfully being able to find the person they were like abusing, you know, so it's you know, it's more or less escaped. Yes. Exactly. But the point is just like don't always just fucking do what you're told and on the internet on Facebook. They don't always copy and paste a little misspelled blip-it. What did you want to talk about Schultz? I'm not even sure I can tell you about that Dad what's bet that you'll this will make you want to jump off the roof? Wait, is this an old thing old thing that Dad that Dad? Yeah, is this an old business the guy that used to go rude very thing I sought for them like four years ago. Really? I saw it for the first time today. It was pop the best food somehow you're part of the problem and you like that you were you know the awesome. I didn't know how I felt about it. All right, so you just a second see how people were like it though if you like. Bourbon person who's a little bit trashy probably he's not in the same. Isn't that kind of in the same category as like the Chewbacca masks woman who like I don't know what that is. You don't know what that yes, you do. The woman who bought the toy Chewbacca masks put it on her car and then just laughed recorded it and people were losing their minds about it. She all literally that's all it was. It was a woman laughing but you're rocking man. He's things clearly like a forced laughter. It was very performative, but people thought it was so pure and beautiful that this woman. In was having such a good time wearing a Chewbacca me recorded ourselves doing she just I mean it was like it was like there's nothing inherently, you know, since it went viral serious about it, but like yes, it went like Beyond value don't remember this shit was like a thing. I feel like I don't know it was it was very stupid. Like people sound stupid that that sold though, huh? I think that's it's least like three years old was like 8 million followers. Just created his own page. Yes. He's a Facebook page. And you're just discovering this I just discovered it. That's that's weird. But that's like a weird like family like humor type thing this not privy to every where but I feel like it's more popular. If you are a Suburban family, which I am pressing this shit though. It was everywhere for a while the bat dad thing. You know, you have a big family you might be sharing stuff. Like you have a family let's roll. Yeah, but she like just join Facebook actually cause she just got a smart phone for like the First Baptist and the two buckle my shoe. Bubbly love it. That is the great thing about being like old and kind of like broken. Is that everything we do like especially everything online. It's like you're going to die still discovering this old shit that I might be me at the thing is like so fascinating and funny and ground. Yeah. Yeah that I mean that's exciting. I wish I wasn't so cynical and could get joy out of everything. Especially to block a woman and bad but the thing is like anytime anytime something like that gets that popular at all. It obviously sucks. When's the last time something that popular was like good never it's hard to wreck my brain for it. Yeah. I can't believe you haven't seen you. Haven't you haven't seen either of these things before though. What else is in that category? Is it like, you know, how like if you watch a video on Facebook? It's doesn't then shows you like random other videos after that one of the rain when the random XVideos was weird bad things like with the fuck is what were you watching that let you do that? I honestly can't remember. You must know I assume was something in that vein. No, it wasn't. That's the weird part. It was a video. of Hold on. This will be a cup part if I can actually try and like remember was it like a top top memes from the 2010s video compilation had nothing to do with it than which was the weird part. Best Family Guy moments. No, so what did you think about that Dad? Then? I didn't fully hate it but I didn't like what was the what was the video? I can't remember the sin was like it was like that. That's most inappropriate moments. I haven't I mean I never liked that it seemed just like doing the bat that thing but he's like also likes wearing with this kid, so he's kids are being like funny and swearing. I can't really remember the context of the videos. I think originally it was like he would just do of gravelly voice Gravely Batman likes in a mask. Only half his face revealed while he liked his wife is cooking dinner or something. But like he'd kind of just be like watch scogan dear bad dad. Like he was like, yeah, he's stupid and like well, he was at least making an effort to make like sassy comments and this one. Yeah this Yeah these videos I could see us a ribbon. This is I'm actually having I'm having like a flashback to like 4 years. First time. I haven't I didn't know this still existed. It's crazy that we're not just discovering it and that it still exists. This is 2019. Yes. This dude's been doing this for a million followers. It's because it's the most based on the volume down. I don't care. Yeah, I've seen them before it's the same got a pillow embroidered for his daughter that says shithead on it. Why? He thinks it's funny to swear with his kids. I guess I think that's a new twist. I don't remember that. Oh, really? That is classic slightly trashy families. Probably fucking love it. Yes, obviously, that's who all that's why is a million followers on his page. That's dark. It's dark that it's still going on. Like I'm I guess so, I don't think they would be in like the the meme like Know Your Meme because I don't I think that's too stupid. It's not really a means the same mean. It's more of like a character to series about a bad does videos but probably makes money off of now. I mean, he definitely does probably quit his job because he's Has nine million followers that's fucked up. But I don't know that's dark. I feel weird now. It's just crazy that that's still going on. Imagine how many other things are still going on? Like what else? I don't know. Remember the muffins guy. What was the money for the shoes guy? Yeah. Yeah, that guy's probably dead now. All right, it's true. Yeah, I mean, I don't want something like that could still be going on but that was like stressing pre that and like yeah, I assumed all those people like died. I mean, I think a good amount of them died, like especially the Numa Numa guy probably didn't write remember you just did the thing is like it was so easy to like we were so stupid even just like 10 years ago. New new Moses David stupid like techno song. I was like a very heavyset guy like, yes, I think just that's right putting his arms up in the air. Yeah, probably but as a South Park hired, yeah definitely did it was the South Park like my viral girly sewed early YouTube but like it was so easy back then to all you need to do is that you just needed to be like, I guess fat and put on a song and like lift one arm. I don't know made like $500,000 real quick. Probably actually some of those people probably didn't even make money because it was like pre their ability to monetize. Those are the videos that created like modernization and then those people tried to go back and do it again, but because they didn't actually have like any kind of like Talent thing they weren't able so that's half of them are probably dead from suicides from realizing they created a way to make money and then weren't able to capitalize on it. Yeah. It's dark. But yeah, I don't know what those people are doing. That'd be interesting to find out. Where are they now? Where are they now? I'm sure there's probably a bunch of YouTube videos featuring without that we probably got pizza. None of those were funny though. Really? You probably like them. What any of those I did. What was your favorite early? I did like the muffins shoes shoes videos. I may have I think that's one of those things that I've liked because everyone else around me seemed to like it's the right time at the right place at the right age for me. I think for me that was more about knowing what it was. As opposed to actually liking it. I think I probably thought it was I guess that was so early on and shit like that didn't really exist. So yeah, probably so new least at first I was like, okay, this is something it's hitting me differently. Like I've never quite experienced anything like this. Yeah, but I think if I had to watch that now, I don't know if I could get through it. It's what was the muffins when I remember the shoes? How did they lose was a dude who would just cross dress? I know that I know the character but what was the muffins video he would make a bunch of muffins and they were all like different flavors of muffins and they got crazier and crazier to the point where it was like a muffin that was just on fire and there was a muffin that was the israeli-palestinian conflict muffin. I don't think I remembered that video specifically actually. I remember the the shoes one and I think there was another one to there was I don't know boys. Maybe it was another one something like boys and shoes he was just like Is very base level like mocking like a stereotypical younger woman or girl. Yes. I mean, that's probably that couldn't even probably happen. Now. I don't think that would appeal to like the blue lives matter BatDad this problem. Oh, yeah, maybe they're just discovering that they're having a good time. Oh, yeah like you yeah, that's me. Now. What else have I seen online? Sometimes I click on the Twitter hashtags and go down Bad Rabbit most recent hashtag. You've clicked on it stood out was an argument and three words lose an argument three words. Yes. What's the premise of that I'm honors an argument in three words and when I found like right away was there killed humanely which obviously I agree with but you read those replies and doesn't it doesn't make you feel good about the world. All right, so you post three words not supposed to be my I think it's mocking the loser of an argument obviously. So you're taking on the role of the loser of the argument, you're posting what you think is a inherently losing argued losing argument. Yes, or inherently lost argument. Yes. Okay, but of course a bunch of like but what about baking guys? Yeah jumped in there. Someone someone said someone said found the vegan. It's like yeah, no fucking shit, dude. Oh, you know, I actually saw a real old-school meme today by saw someone posted a the like the you know, you know when someone's vegan don't tell you it was like a tiny Twist on that. It was like vegans when they haven't told anyone they're vegan in 10 minutes and it was like a bunch of people on like breathing machines and like Getting resuscitated it was over but it was like nothing nude. Like it's just like a different version of that same like but it's like I feel like even okay. It's one thing to not be vegan. I have plenty of people in my life who aren't you know, they're like mostly you got it wrong. You gotta chime in to validate our choice. They're objectively wrong, but aside from that like it's just I feel like even if you're not vegan, you have to know that that's not like in fashion like that is such a goofy weird thing. I feel like it's It's close to saying like living like a Midwest town or something. We're like that's just the culture. Maybe that is the fashion as I mean, he doesn't like I feel like that's on par with like quoting Borat like like totally unironically at this point like it's it is like dated and makes you look as like simple and like like kind of like, I don't know like Words undercooked like yeah, just like your brain isn't fully developed. It's just like there was it was so many people Almost it was almost Universal everyone. Like that's cool. Yeah, I mean I get I think I expect that especially, you know, Twitter is clearly like a shit show like that's all it is, but it's rough on there. Did you hear what the Tim and Eric thing know some dude didn't was their claims to be Tim and Eric Phan and didn't get that like the corporate books supposed corporate sponsorships. We were all like like mocking that and like we're fake but they were real sponsorships. He was almost going in with this soft. Like he was basically he approached it think I think he thought it was real is he doing high-level irony where he's faking? Some people were speculating on that, but it doesn't seem that way because like wasn't really being like I feel like if you're going to do high-level irony you need to feel like you need to drive a reasonable like orange like drop some subtle hint sure that like like there wasn't like he wasn't like kind of misspelling things or like saying anything so like it wasn't just off enough that it was like wait wait wait before we get too deep should we give context for what we're talking about well sure there's the one to see the Tim and Eric Tour live yeah there's good not to reveal they were great not to reveal too much much but there's a undercurrent bit where they took on corporate sponsorships from real companies like sure but they're clearly all fake obviously they didn't actually do these things yet because Charles Schwab and insurance companies aren't aren't sponsor sponsoring the like postmodern like absurd irreverent many Duo about like shitting and coming out mustard and stuff so so someone was upset about Corporate sponsorship thinking it was real I guess but my new think that they were genuinely upset they were here. They weren't even like there wasn't even like a hard. It was just like I was like irked by was there take it was like it was a bit, uh news weird to see was unsettling but it's like that is such a soft taken itself. Like you're not outraged. You're just like and Tim Heidecker actually like responded. Oh really? He's like, he's like you clearly don't get it like Charles Schwab like, come on like this is really nice. I think they They you think they approved of this and like they're cool with this or they know what we're even doing. Like, where did you see this complaint? Was it like a blog or was it like just a cops on Twitter? I think he just adds a tweet. He directly like added Tim Heidecker and selects other shows good and funny, but like I was irked by the the amount of corporate sponsors ads and ads but then like he can't he apparently he was going off about it for a while. I didn't like I didn't follow it. The end but wild he was like doubling down and had one point said that it would have been funnier if they change the names and said like Charles Schwab instead of Charles Schwab and like people of course took that and ran with it and immediately just like kept repeating Charles Schwab and like this dude is going to die with Charles Schwab on his like headstone in his obituary. This is named now, but it is funny to see people like mess up like so obviously online like like especially people who are like, I don't know almost like moralizing but like it's so weird and misguided and it's like they don't know even what they're talking about. Maybe just wrong about what they're talking about telling Tim Heidecker how he can do his show better Yeah by changing it to Charles. How is it more funny like this? It's weird that someone this dude if he was a fan like if he's been a fan of Tim and Eric. Yeah, it seems like Like understands how many rumors crafted but that like he misunderstands the entire show like you must watch it and like if you do like it or claim to like it, I don't know what they like about it because they're not seeing irony or even like absurdity like they just like, oh, wow, it's really wacky looking things. Like is that all you're getting out of it is like that stuff looks weird. I don't know that's interesting and maybe it's important enough bursts. Like it's only like 12 minutes long. So like that works for them. What kind of basing go going off of the fact that this dude seems like either hasn't seen the show or if he has he fundamentally misunderstands. Yeah. Like how is it funnier to say Charles Schwab or whatever? Yeah that it is to actually name the actual company but like yeah, they give so much funnier to think that Charles or to like set the scene that Charles Schwab is sponsoring a Tim and Eric show. Like how is that less funny to you than changing the name to something that kind of resembles it like that's because that's what I think this guy just likes funny shapes and funny colors and distorted pictures. He just finds that so silly words. Yeah. That's the thing like he Jesus Steve Brule and Tim and Eric and he thinks it's funny Would you like? Yes, it's clearly part of the joke when they mispronounced something or say something weird like that part of the job. But like if that's all you're getting out of it like your brain is like upside down in your head like it flipped and it's just been sitting upside down needs more liquid swishing and you spent however much like 30 or 40 bucks or was it was like 50 bucks. Maybe it's pushing 50. If for the shitty seats actually sat down and the good seats. Look a hundred, right? soon as I get over about a hundred so I don't know I think this dude is in Brooklyn too so maybe he's even jacked up even higher so I don't know that's fucked up I mean maybe it was his first time seeing it and he just like like stepped into this world yeah he didn't understand and just got kind of like fucked up immediately from it like they and he was just kind of back pedaling and trying to play catch-up but but also another point that I haven't really heard anyone say about this shit is like even if if they were getting money from these companies and also it didn't affect the show they're still shitting on this stuff and like mocking it and joking with it like who cares like I don't think like yeah like if a company gives you money and they basically say like you can use our name and you can do whatever the fuck you want with it or even if they didn't say that and they're doing that anyway what was like the ticketing company like with the fake guy that they kept it was Chad at wasn't he'd like the was it the ticketing company Was was that the insurance company? I think it was the ticketing company. I don't remember it wasn't like Live Nation but it was something like that. I don't really remember but I think was I think it was that in like an actual existing? Yeah, ticketing company like the guy that had on the phone. Basically, I think do you think that the check I was real you'd have to think if this dude thinks that these sponsorships are real maybe right. I think that's the reveal though. Is that like we have a fake dude named Chad. We're talking to live right now. It's possible. There's no way you think that's real. I don't think he did I don't think this guy would think that what they're for like so you connect the dots and realize like oh all the heads sponsors but I think this guy is stupid can but I don't think he I think he thinks like the sponsorships are real, but they're still mocking them but like but he but he has this inherent problem with like even if even if there wasn't a case like if that was the case to show was the same like you saw the show, it was funny like it's objectively true that they aren't sponsored by Charles Schwab and whatever Insurance, you know, like That we all know that to be true but like we saw the show this guy saw the same show and was convinced of that. So like it doesn't change the quality of the show. It's just as good either way. So like who gives a fuck and like if these two guys who you like, it's just like a punk punk sellout guy of the 90s. I guess look like that. You look like some kind of like startup shock like weirdo. Like I don't know like whatever ironically enough. Yeah, who knows? I mean, he's probably just some like modern like Lefty. guy who's just like decided recently that that's something he has a problem with even though like he probably works for one of those companies but yeah that's good good it's fun to see people some like not understand things yeah and but then like be shown like hey you're wrong and just like that's a is that a new phenomenon where people like no matter what you show them the proof they cannot back down they live came to you and said she said no you're wrong I mean maybe like that's someone maybe you wouldn't believe the creator of something sure kind of defend but like I feel like they wouldn't have told you that like but they the star of the show wouldn't come and like say that if I don't know it seems like a stretch to defend that and try to lie I give you're caught doing something like that because it's not even like again it's not that egregious I would be fine with that I think it's just as for if they got their money and still did the bits this kind of sick that is I don't that's a win-win to me yeah well I guess that wraps it on I guess that'll that'll do it for our our inaugural is that the right word no inaugural isn't that like the first of a year or something is that the first time you've ever looked this up hang on but when you say inauguration isn't it just like an marking the beginning of an institution yeah activity or period of office okay this is an institution and an activity this podcast is an institution inaugural something that sounds this is boastful about that concludes the inaugural episode of what do we call this that sounds fake that sounds fake this is that's it I guess we'll see if I can Whittle something out of this and if I listen back and I don't want to kill myself we'll post it and see where it goes yep so I guess that's it so see you later keep it real okay