It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone. And it is above me and I the sound comes down like that. And then I talked up into the Cub. I don't know how it gets recorded. I don't know how it's been distributed all these years. I've never consented to the code, but the phone is just always been and whatever house that I live in conus there and a lot of times you do hear voices in the cone at night. Weiss is in the cone absolute of cool. The cone follows me to bed. It's like Olaf's flurry. You know, it's always kind of floating over my head. That's why I'm always podcasting. I can't stop podcasting because of the cone what wild and crazy kids. So anyway, I wanted to tell you guys about my will I love to stop recording this but here's my social security number. My name is Justin McElroy. And I know the best game of the farm howdy partner. I'm Griffin McElroy and I'm the farm man. Hi everybody. I'm Christopher Thomas Plant and I dig it mom. My name is Russ Buster gonna I know the best game of the we probably It's margin. There's all sorts of great games for us the pig. There's going to be in like going six days. We're so close to good game town the drought we've seen the weather reports. There is a game storm a-comin right now though. We're still sitting on our rockers and - flared. What's that old me? It says neo2 only. I didn't know Macy's Love Me O to these will only let you know when a Neo game. Is coming. What are we doing today? Justin? Oh god, dude. What is this show about the show. Please be quiet. I'm going to do this. Now. This is the besties. It's usually a show about video games that are new relevant and good today is about Rune Factory for special switch addition. You may remember it as fucking Jimmy. Carter's favorite video game he's talked about all the time while he was peanut farmer me. He said it most closely resembled his farming experiences. I have no idea why we're talking about this old old game the very first second of the intro screen of this game the very first animatic. I literally this is what I literally said out loud fucking come on exactly my reaction to the way this game began. I can't fathom it. I'm kind of feeling it but it is Has it put up? I think Russ you said it and I think it's very fair. This game could not have put up more warning signs this like Justin do not enter. This is not for you. We've sort of position this episode to be I think out of concern that all four people in this podcast would not be able to generate a meaningful 20 minute discussion about Rune Factory for special that we would sort of talk about its place in the pantheon of farming. Games and honestly, like I think this game is in sort of a unique place where for myself and I think a lot of people who are into this genre. This is a little aperitif a little snack until the big boy shows up on March 20th and gets it done. Like I think this scratch is a lot of the same sort of Life Sim itches as Animal Crossing. I think if this came out on say even March 21st, literally nobody would be talking about it, but this game has Has a pretty like cult following when it came out on 3DS back in 2013 in the states. And I think that's why it's worth discussing. I think that's why people are talking about it. Now. Do you think they have to rush to get it up? Like they were racing Animal Crossing and that's why they hired a baby to do all the graphics that's mean to say, so let's not let's maybe curtail that a little bit. I think that well the graphics a great on 3DS and they really has not been much done to sort of like juice that up on a A large screen is a lot bigger care a lot. It's a lot harder to hide some of the sins of of the game. Yeah, I think that I don't know if it was rushed or not. I know that the Rune Factory 5 is in development to this was announced alongside that during a Nintendo Direct last year, maybe even during the E3 Nintendo Direct last year. I want to say and the Rune Factory Five. I don't think had like the announcement had a release date and so they're like hey, but this game that you do know and some of you really like is coming out on on switch next year. So you got that. I just want to say really quick just because I do want establish what this game is is somebody who big big into Harvest Moon. Are you new to Rune Factory? I was surprised to learn it is not just a farming simulation. Well, that is a everything simulators at all. Does it all baby it does it all you are a prince who is on a flying ship? You are a tact by are pirates you fall from? Ship you before you even fall you get amnesia from just getting punched. You don't want your remember anything. You meet a dragon and I'm going to just get going real fast. You meet a dragon who thinks you're a prince, but you're not the prince, but you're going to be the prince to fake everybody out because you're the prince you're going to farm. They're also going into go into mysterious Forest to kill things. Also, since you are the prince for not the prince you have a list of jobs from a giant talking mailbox. That's like the first five minutes. It's also kind of a flirty ghost the mailbox. Yeah, it does a lot. Everybody is horny. Everyone's horny as hell anytime. You meet a character who you can sort of romance you get like this like this cut scene like this anime cutscene of them just like showing you their whole bodies that it's shows him like sighing or like dripping with sweat or something like that. It's like The Witcher it's like The Witcher sex cards but for you know anime characters. Rune Factory was you know from the same Cut From the Same Cloth as harvest moon but was literally like that was the whole conceit. It's Harvest Moon with all the farming and stuff like that. But it's also like, you know an action RPG it is also a Dungeon Crawler. So you're doing all the farming shit of raising crops and you know, cleaning up your farm upgrading your tools. All that stuff that you can do in Harvest Moon is is is all there but also you can craft weapons and armor and accessories and upgrade those and go out into Dungeons and farm fur materials from monsters in like etc, etc. Etc. Etc. So like the idea of yeah, it's harvest moon but it's also everything is kind of the core conceit of the game and it sounds like I know kind of where you all landed on where how they Society equation liked it. Oh, wow. Yeah, that's twist. Yeah. That's what's on y'all too. Yeah kind of dug it too and I'm not and I'm actually don't I actively like despite multiple multiple. Multiple attempts do not like what's the other star do? Yeah. Sorry. I don't like but I really I actually like kind of enjoy this and I and I would like your all's help to help me figure out what you think. The difference is that crack it for me. I haven't had anything. But okay, let me let me because you have a more concrete answer my so let me hit you with my like ephemeral. There's a lot of stuff in started. That doesn't make that is kind of insane. Irritable or obtuse and there's also things happening in Star do that make you feel like you're missing out like the world is passing you by and you're running out of time and running out of energy constantly and you also don't there's like a lot of things that you don't understand and it doesn't explain them super great. And so there's this constant feeling of like I'm missing stuff or I'm failing. I'm not doing something I should be doing and Rune Factory to me just feels a lot more streamlined. Like I don't regularly run out of energy in a given day. I just kind of like feel like I've gotten all I needed to and go ahead and hit the hay like it's a lot less pressure. The recipes are like gradually handed to you, you know what to do with your stuff. I don't constantly worried that I should have been saving this dumb thing because it could build this other dumb thing. Like, I don't know. I really I really am and it also walking around the world is much less of a chore than it feels like it started. That is my any faster. Yeah. I have a theory about why I like it, but specifically why Justin likes it. I said this is somebody who I think I am an expert in just analogy there are meters for everything you do in this game and they grow up you gotta life daddy like a beater and you're like pulling a weed and it's like, oh great. Estar because I had to check the like page it shows you all your stats one time. I just like got out of bed in the morning after sleeping. It was like skill up. I was like, what the fuck did I have a dream about like using a battle-axe and I might I checked there's a sleeping skill and then it happened later. I was taking a bath to like increase my energy and it's still a but I was like no fuck no fucking way. No fucking way and I checked the screen was like bathing skill up. I was like, I have a bathing skill That's So Dope. Yeah, literally everything has a skill Associated. And what does that even do? What is your better bathing skill do well for I mean all the different skills have sort of like different benefits for upgrading them. I don't know the bathing still necessarily our lotions different sense of low softer softer skins, but for things like, you know farming activities mining it makes you more efficient to use less energy doing them. It allows you to craft better, you know Tools in whatever like field that you are upgrading. It makes it More efficient to craft stuff like if you try to craft an axe that you know the recipe for but it's like above your skill level. It may take all your energy for the same for that day. But if you are at or above that skill level it's like nothing and then you can start farming those out and then selling them for huge profits. Like there's there. I think what AIDS in the point that Justin got to is like in stardew Valley. There is a I feel like a progression ladder that once you learn it like you learn it and I think even once you Like learn the the formula of like what a season looks like in that game. That's really all you need to know and then like you could that can carry you over like I could start on stardew Valley play through right now and not need to consult a guide to know like what that ladder looks like how to, you know, get my automatic sprinklers by the end of spring right like that that stuff is stuff. I have in mind but like like Justin said it's not explicitly clear and how you do it and there's not a like a ton of ways to necessarily build that ladder in Rune Factory fuck man, like They want I'm not gonna Farm I'm just gonna go fish and I'm gonna go sell the fish and upgrade my fishing skill by a knife from poor Killeen and then I'm going to start making sashimi and I'm going to sell that sashimi and invest that in buying materials from the materials fit like it's and like extrapolate that out. It is more MMO like that's a that's a tricky comparison because like it doesn't have this sort of online structure of a game like that, but it does have that like do whatever the fuck and you will level up and get resources and Grow and get Prince points to like unlock new festivals and like it is it is vicious how much like progression there isn't a game and a lot of it works really really well, so I wanted to share my experience in playing this because we've all sort of shared and and don't worry Griffin. I am not going to just like drop a big steamy doosan this game here is my experience just from the from the beginning. So I started playing as plant mention. That was the Airship something. I noticed on the Airship, which I really appreciated the carried through the hole. Experience of me playing is that you can skip dialogue really valuable things. Yeah, like really fast. You could just slam that a button and dialogue just flies by which great feature. So I fall from the Airship Amnesia. There's a dragon text is flying by I don't know what he's saying, but it's flying by flying by I just want to get to the farming I get to the farming. There are sticks on the ground that are made of I didn't think this was possible three pixels each every stick was the lowest red Rick I have ever seen in my entire life it was like I had the worst Vision in the world it was it was like they pulled Graphics from just like random flash games. I found online and jam them into the switch. This is a game about farming you couldn't have given a little bit of a glow of really don't like these sticks. I mean, it looks like the farming art looks like dog shit. Okay, is it but that's fine. I'm like, okay. I'm like using my hoe to plant like various turnips and stuff like that and I'm walking Bring them and things are going well. They send me to the forest and then my phone buzzes and I look at my phone and I have an email and it's the review code for Animal Crossing. Yeah, it literally happened two hours into me playing. Yeah, I got this email. You're like handsome the game. I'm late. I'm under embargo, but I was like Nope, and that was the last I ever saw. I'm glad that you are honest about what a fucking delinquent you are. That is that is good - you gave me a serious question Griffin what I've done the same in your situation. Yes. Yes. Exactly. Yes. Of course. I will in a million times a million out of a million times that is what would have happened for graph it is it is it is an intrinsically sort of different thing than Animal Crossing is like and there's a lot of sort of like game design. Those shit to get into there were like Animal Crossing doesn't have failed States in Russian. Roulette doesn't have it does not have confrontation necessarily and so like if they are different games in that regard, but I think Rune Factory and star do and harvest moon and the whatever story of Seasons, which I have not enjoyed literally any of those and I've tried really hard all sort of occupy this space of just, you know, chill ass just life Sim games that I feel that about I feel that about Rune Factory. I don't feel that about star. Do I feel like starting who has an intrinsic pressure? Like I felt like I was playing started in constantly failing or yeah, which I hate having like my laptop open over here so I could possibly be Googling like best case, you know strats for what to do with this thing and how to do this and how to get a head like yeah that is not chill to me at all roof actor. I really did feel the freedom of I don't really want to mess around with going. Dodging today, I'm gonna far more like I'm Gonna Bake today and really focus on that and like just do it and like not gets and somebody's birthday. I don't feel compelled like get on the wiki and see what their favorite thing is. I'll just see whatever whack garbage. I have wrought turnips turnips. I got night at these babies. Just check a turnip out of here you go. Happy bday. It's a turnip. Yeah and like to just like that even smoke all devices like your calendar for that you put it anywhere you want to put it in. Room that's better because then I wake up and I can look at my calendar. I don't have to go into town to see when Doug's birthday is also there's a dug in this game not the wave becomes and I'm not going to spoil this story. But they're at for a certain chunk of it. It looks like in this is not a joke. It looks like Doug's kind of going to be the sephiroth of the story like Doug is it Doug is established as a sort of violent rival at one point. It's like your name is fucking Doug. Stop it you're done. Um, there's a lot of crap. There is some like good. Old fashioned craft around the edges of this baby item selection is very annoying like trying to farm when you have to get into your pocket and get out your like the first thing you do when you come in is there's rocks. Okay. Well, I gotta take out my hammer and walk around and smash each individual Rock and then take those pieces back to the thing and then I have to get out my Scythe to cut the weeds and then I have to get my axe to cut the stumps that have somehow grown in my farm. ERM dumps don't grow ice that doesn't make sense and that and there's a boss fight very early on this just like brutally difficult out of nowhere and I was like, I'm gonna go back to farming and actually need to fight this horse right now. This is not fun. It all does like sort of feed into other stuff though. Like at another thing about the skills as you upgrade them. It increases your maximum energy, right? And so I would have that to like I would hit boss fight which like it's kind of surprising that they are able to pull off sort of T curves that kind of are functional and and and work because I would hit a boss fight Get Wrecked go back to my farm just be like, well, I'm just going to spend a little while just lining my coffers investing in forging and upgrading my forging skill and maybe I'll get some new stuff and even if I wasn't like building a new sword to like kill this magic horse with I would go back in there. And you know now I have more energy to cast more spells like there's Scott. There's so much shit in this game. I genuinely could have continued playing Get while Animal Crossing was downloading but in my head I was like it might download faster if I'm not. All right, absolutely, sir. Vaneman garbage. I like a lot about the game, but I was disappointed by their just random moments that you know, don't feel like stuff. I feel like I need to deal with in video games in 2020 at this point including the First thing you do is they give you a prompt like are you ready for adventure or you're like, oh no no, thanks adventure. And if you choose I am ready for adventure. It's like congratulations. You are a boy. You will play it out. You are a woman. You will not be like it's you know, it is it's your in an Airship and it's dialogue is like I'm Flying High baby or oh my we're so high up. I'm scared. It's like okay, that's a woman that damn woman. I don't got anywhere. Yeah, I mean that was that was not great. Obviously any time it came out. It was not great in 2013 when the game came out. It ain't great in 2020 when it came out. Yeah. There is a certain sort of I would say retro grade like not great sort of idea behind a lot of the like life Sims stuff. Like if you're simulating life, like that's a that's a thing that you know, if you're gonna do it right takes Bit more nuanced Nuance, maybe more afforded to the the concept by a by a Sims. For example that room factory for is not going to not going to get you there. I am blown away that this is how this conversation is going by the way. I thought for sure it was going to be me just like with my back to the wall with a you know guns akimbo like come on motherfuckers, but I'm surprised that you guys enjoyed it even a little bit. Yeah, we're all gonna play it until it will cross. Includes. All right, like that's um, well, I mean after I press the stop button on this recording on never loaded again, but like the time that I was forced to spend with it was much more palatable than I thought it would be also Griffin men should pour clean do want to give a quick shout-out to one of the best characters honey video game. He has a every time he sees you he has to say he has some different variation of like hyper. Hello or super high or yeah, my friend That's a greeting the way you get rest the way it recipes for cooking forging crafting medicine. Like whatever is you buy recipe bread from pork Elaine and he'll like be like I can make three of these today is like pork Lee. I just fucking killed magic horse and then playing it a whole field to turn up. So like you can cook more bread. I feel like and he'll cookie this bread and be like, oh you want to know how to make swords better. I got a bread for that and I'll cook it and sometimes you like here's your swords bread, eat it and you learn how Make a new sword and sometimes he'd be like I cooked this one so fucking good. You're gonna get a lot of new swords out of this one. It's like what's this brought? What's your process work? What's your are you sometimes just like I'm not fucking feel on this one, man. I didn't let it prove long enough. He's only going to get one new sword recipe out of this bread. I'm cooking crazy for this one. Let's this is saying that's room factory for switch Special by the way the main menu on this one. Could not almost made me delete it. There's a new there's a newlywed mode. What the fuck could that be? Yeah, I don't I mean that's it. I think it's like Side Stories based on like what romantic Partners you have unlocked in the main game. I don't know. I have not I did not dig into it. I did get very far in this game, which more speaks to my insatiable hunger for Animal Crossing run. I can attest I have threatened him why physically verbally emotionally it's been pretty rough. Yeah, but you know you came on this show and did dump all over it talking about how you do have this dope game. So I think you deserve it. Yep Fair great. Let's take a break and then we'll be right back. Terrified terrified of this segment very afraid of it very afraid to see what it's gonna be. So welcome everybody to the second part of the besties this week given the fact that we've all played quite a number of farming simulator over the years. I thought it might be worthy that we have a challenge to test whether any of this stuff is actually transferred into real-world knowledge. Yes, so I'm going to task the remaining three members of the besties with milking a cow now today our resource for how to milk a cow comes from wikiHow, which I'd appreciate you not Google at the moment because it's going to be very relevant to our discussion. But you all three three of you find yourself in a barn. Are you going to Zork a fucking Cow Milking Extravaganza? Yeah, you find yourself in a barn and there's a cow. Yeah. I'm all you do. This with the cows name is rest. Fresh day. You can name the cow. Whatever you call. My name is Rush. All three of our cows are named rush for is it one coward? That one calendar agree honors, you can discuss how best to sort of the handle the situation. So your end goal is a Buckeye state. I don't wanna interrupt we haven't fully decided on the name because if we haven't I would prefer to call it rusts breakfast a true English translation. Okay of his neck we got Russell breakfast Russell bracket Al. Okay. So we're at first the cow. You've named the cow congratulations your end goal is to get Milk into a bucket. Yeah, how do you go about doing that? What's up? Can I start Kyle? Let me just take the lead here go get it. Get a bucket good Stars Griffin. Nice. Try put the bucket under cow's milk. Okay own the cow has kicked your head and You're Dead next. Am I out now you can you can come back through its finest. Give me about Christy use your turn to give me medicine Chris use your turn to give me medicine. If they could have ended this is tough. I'm dying on the fucking floor next to you friends give him but I do want that milk and that is like you're not like healing you is not a huge part of my goal. Right? Like what would you do? I would my friend Chris plant who's dying on the floor? Okay. Okay, I think I Kind of like Weekend at Bernie's style lift Griffin his body which I don't know if it's dead or alive at know he's rolling for same body and I use his his his hand to calm the cow. Look at us. Everybody knows that step one. You call him the cow. Hmm. Okay, that's that's very good. Chris plant. The caught the cow is now calm down. Okay, good. You really shouldn't move if somebody sustains a head injury. You really shouldn't got it. Got it. Got it. Well, sorry we already did. Justin I want to rub my hands together to get them nice and warm. Okay, like a cold hand would be not not great for the cow. Okay. So Justin rubs his hands together Griffin. How are you doing? I'm Gonna Roll a D20. Okay. I got a five. I think I barf on the ground. I'll tell ya I know you're not doing hot. Hey guys. I'm just a little bit of blood running from your mouse. I'm dizzy and I smell smoke. It smells like burnt popcorn help. Okay. Finn reminds me I'm really jonesing for popcorn. So I go to get a Jiffy Pop you okay, you're bad plan is out for the next two turns because he's going to get popcorn Justin. I didn't generly kneel down next to Russell breakfast. Hmm. And I take his to of his two of his utters cup. Okay, Russell breakfast has kicked you as well. He's called already you say no he is. Is calm but you've missed a crucial step in the process. Okay, so to confirm oh, he's got you you're not you're not incapacitated. You're just injured. You can't use your left arm. Okay? Okay, I don't know Griffin roll. Roto pick yourself up That's an 18. Okay, you see where picked up and feeling a little bit better. OK I look at just on the ground and say I don't think boy cows make milk. I'm pretty sure we did this isn't gonna happen for us. I'm still out. So I it's Justin's turned. I've missed a crucial step. I mean have we determined the the this is a mill Kabal cow? I can confirm that Russ breakfast is Mill Kabal. Yes. He'll come. Okay, okay, but I've missed the same might be a prophet. I don't rub antibiotic gel on my hands. Oh good never seen that on a thing one time. Okay, I like that good work Reading Rainbow wikiHow says clean the teeth with soapy water and iodine. So I'll count that as your disinfecting your hands. Okay, that's good. Okay, Griffin, you're now up you can act. Okay, I sing a sweet song to The Cow. Okay. I'm milking song another sort of traditional milking folk songs from my people. I'm gonna milk you I'm gonna milk you that's not very Jen you're getting Jiffy Pop you're getting to not be on a plane back from popcorn. I sing Sweet Child Sweet Child. Give us the cream. Have a sweet dream as we take. Way cream. You don't need the cream. You have too much cream. Let us get it out and sleep tonight. So anyway, that work. Yeah, Russ breakfast is still standing. But his eyes are slowly close like falling asleep. Wait now here she does. It isn't medical vocabulary confirm. Yes, Chris Pine has returned from popcorn. Oh, really? Yeah. It's quiet. Got your back from Popeye. I I think this is can help. I feed this sleepy cow some popcorn. Oh, yeah because they have to you have to have the food to make the milk. Okay, the cow is now awake and is confused. Okay. Got it. Okay. I'm gonna I'm gonna tell the cow to sit down. Okay cow does not understand English Okay - Didn't understand my song that's important the spirit of your song not the actual words. There's something we're missing. Oh, no, I think I you can discuss among yourselves. What was I think there are a few things here that we need to do. All right. We need to make sure the bucket is under the utters. We need to make sure I think is there like a way that we restrain the cow maybe like put the cow into some sort of milk hulls or I'll just hold it really tight. I'm gonna hold the cow. I'm gonna hold onto the cow really fucking tight in a way that it knows it's not going anywhere, but it doesn't feel trapped or scared because I kind of got my head up on it's like head. I'm just like still singing like still singing a sweet song and I'm just holding it so fucking tight and strong. So it's this guy's this cow is not going anywhere. I just said I should say wikiHow recommends that you just secure the cow did that for milking? Yeah, so generally they recommend like tying it to like a gate. But in this case we'll count Griffin decided to tie. Me. Okay. I got it. I um, I've put on an entire camouflage outfit including full camo face paint like Solid Snake cool. I lay down I shimmy underneath the cow undetected and then very very quickly. I reach up grab the Udders and like to touch our like try to get as much out do it really fast as possible. Yeah, if we do that, okay, he doesn't times we're going to get a bucket full for sure that no - absolutely. So the cow has now flattened like a pancake on top of Chris plan who is now suffocating a little bit of milk is dribbling out both sides of the calf, which is good, but it is on the ground. It's not in a bucket. So you really haven't accomplished your end goal yet is the popcorn. Okay, Chris Pine is dying. I should mention he needs to roll saving throws Griffin. Can you roll for me? Yeah. So wait, you don't have you don't have four to five detail? Rachel you at all time. I got a six Chris. So that's what our sack that's not great Justin. This is going pretty bad. Is there any other way let me just sort of asked this question and what do you plant try he tries to run down but I'm a ghillie suit and tried to Solid Snake the milk out. I guess the question is like our the utters the only sort of vector through which no and be obtained from cow. This is I am actually really interested in where you're going with this. I'm not I don't have a plan. There's no Tent behind that I'm just asking a sort of physiological quite what are you suggesting that we could pop the cow? I don't think that that's where my head was necessarily at Chris. But I love where you're going. I pull Chris out from underneath the cow. Thank you. Okay, good work. Chris is still dying. But that's fine Griffin. I is the cow standing back up now. It's like half standing make the I'm not going to spend my time making a cow stand up. I know it's on its way up so you can make a move while it's Starting to stand up. Do we need to be wearing some sort of workman's gloves of some kind I put on some gloves. I put on some nice farming milking gloves with a good if this was or Q would get plus ten points for putting on gloves. Okay, is that my action putting on gloves? That's a half action. Okay do another half action. Do I now now that the utters have been smashed to the ground? I want to spend my turn cleaning them up. Again, because now they're dirty again, aren't they? Yes, great idea Griffin plus 5 in Sword. All right. No, no more bullshit. No more popcorn. No more. Goofy Jazz. Let's get serious about milking this fucking space cow. Yeah. I have it. It's the obvious thing that all of us have seen what a milking cow looks like we pull up a stool as still none of us were sitting on stools. Love it. Love it. Okay, who's pulling up the stool or is it all three of my plan? I will These tools for all three apps. I put gloves on all three of us to terrific. Ok. So everyone's wearing gloves you're sitting on three stools in front of where the outers no to the side of the cow to which side facing. Oh shit. How could this possibly matter? How could this be? No, I'm going to because my doubt at hand. I'm gonna face the I'm facing the others. Like what do you mean with our sign upside of the cow the starboard wikiHow seem to think that it? Otters so I need I don't know which one's the left side of the cow. I'm on the right side minus five points. No my left. Oh your left. Okay. So the right side of the Calgary. Okay, right. So I'm on the right side of the kaua'i cup at Sutter and I start squeezing for milk. Wait. Wait, hold on one second. Which teats are you grabbing? What which is 10 into dude. It's a trap. It's intended to which teats my grabbing. I'm starting with the front teats. And how many of them are you grabbing Minis. No, I'm grabbing two at the same time and milking them on alternating pattern Russell Brett. Okay, you make me wish I have three hands. Justin does great work. It's starting the milk is starting to come out but it's only a quarter of the way filling the bucket. So we need more milk Griffin. What do you do go get three more cows. There are no more cows on the farm. It's only wrestled with the next to others right? Maybe we give it a little maybe we give it a little break. Okay, you're going to Chill out on the milking. I don't want it to like I mean have we gotten all the teats? I think night. Yeah, I think we go. We move to the next next seeds baby next teats. Okay, you're moving to the next teeths. And you start milking. Yes. Okay plant you AR can are you milking as well in this period I mean we're going one at a time where it's not three men not getting one breakfast. Okay, it's not so what are you doing during this during this period the bucket is now half full. We're very very close. I moved to the final like set of Keith's and then I okay guys start looking how many pennies he doesn't have. Let's all let's just no wait stop. Nobody say anything. I'm gonna count to three and then after I say three everyone is going to say how many teats they think that a cow has ready. Yeah. One two, three or four eight. It's not right. It's not right. No, it has to be 8 because fresh said that we got a quarter of the way off to oh my god. Do you understand that like, it's okay, I guess not you understand that the milk is not coming from the teeth themselves. There's like a container above where the milk comes from. This is great. If Griffin and I continue to do this we will win just let us to just all play it has to do is take an in action. Yeah, so complete rest of your plan. Levi and Nod and say yeah, that's good. Milk a high. Okay. My turn. I I don't even know if I'm alive this point. But with what energy I have left I cheer on my friends. Thank you. Okay, Justin and Griffin both get a morale boost. The bucket is now half full now it was already half full you already said that what you guys have been still milking that still Millions. Okay. So when do you stop? This is a crucial question. When do you stop? The cow gets mad right look at when ideally before the cow get mad. Here's here's what I stopped. I stopped when the bucket is like 3/4 full just because it'll keep leaking out there. I don't want to catch all the dribbles. Okay, I'm going to say this is a trick question. I stopped when the cow empty when the ground correct when the cow empty that's there's no point in continuing this exercise. As I don't want the guys, I don't want the other juices in this cow. I want one specific juice and when it runs out my transaction with the cow has completed Griffin is correct. You stopped when the cow empty and you have found yourself with a full bucket of cow milk. Congratulations. Yes plan. Unfortunately you died in the process, but both of you congratulations. Hey Allison, I love milk. You can't make a cow milk bucket without breaking a few plants. And that's the lesson video games teach you things. It's share our sure I think actually in this scenario Dungeons and Dragons taught us a lot more about milking cow, but the exercise stands while done Russ. Thank you for not inventing a character for that segment. My pleasure. We asked you the the people for your favorite farming game memories. I enjoyed this one. My little brother has been obsessed with farming games for a long time. I'm more of an RPG person myself, but my mom knows nothing about video games when she asked He wanted for his birthday. And I said Farming Simulator 15. She refused to believe it was real him and I went as far as to show her playthroughs and she thought it was all an elaborate prank who would want a farm in a video game aren't Video Games supposed to be fun. She said I still think she believes we lied to her. That's a cool. Mom who I'm way on board with absolutely. Well, don't get me five. Yeah God we didn't even touch on Farming Simulator, huh? No, I can't never played it. Yeah, I think the only thing I can think of is that That Skrillex Farming Simulator mashup video Bangarang. That was so hot and like fucking 2011 when I first came out back when means were just getting started. This is a tweet from Alexander St-Pierre recently. My wife has been hooked on stardew Valley. Sorry Justin the sheer number of hours. We both poured into the game now has honestly pushed us to getting another switch with a household so we can enjoy playing it together. Also the new Animal Crossing, I we actually got a Of replies like that that farming simulators were games at introduce people to video games. It's so funny for for wonderful to show Rachel and I do we were getting we're doing like an animal crossing episode. And so I gave her one of my old 3DS has and hooked her up with it. So she could and she does not play video games and she has played that game every single day for hours a day for like the last 45 days like it's it has gotten her hook that and I know so yeah, like I know so many people like that who like stardew Valley is the only video game that they play which I think speaks to like what a unique sort of slot it fills in the in the whole gaming space. Yeah. It's easy one that if it hooks you it it deeply deeply deeply hooks you this one's from Shell said Harvest Food on wonderful life was one of the first video games I own that was my not my siblings and I lost a whole summer to it as a child. It's Because that game is like pulling teeth. It does not feel good to play it for a lot of reasons, but I was still content to said sink over eight hours a day into it sometimes and I feel like it says a lot about the game's ability to make you feel like it's important cut to May 2016. It's the week after I graduated college their stuff I need to do in town. So I'm the last one left an empty house waiting out the lease. I've just broken up with my significant other the town is totally empty. I sleep on a bare mattress stardew Valley exist. It takes everything. I was weirdly obsessed with and harvest Moon and makes it an actual playable game, which is a delightful and feels good. I have a hard time explaining people how this was simultaneously one of the best and worst weeks of my life every day. I would live off leftover pizza and pink wine from Walgreens while farming continuously from Wake to sleep. The catharsis was necessary. I still adore this game and that is something kind of interesting though like big if difference between an animal crossing and star do is the nature that you can grind the hell out of Star Trek and play for 19 hours a day if you want. You and that's not possible unless you time skip but it's generally not possible and Animal Crossing games. It forces you to only pay for an hour or two a day, which I think is part of the reason why casual people get into it is because you can just like slot it into your daily routine and it doesn't become like a total time stock. But then again people play it on a starter to so yeah, but yeah, it's easy to I remember spending, you know hours long sessions trying to like build my like completely insane ancient fruit wine vineyard that yeah like Like, you know 30 hours of in-game time to put together because I wanted to be a billionaire because I'm broken inside. Yeah, y'all next week. Yeah. It is going to be a potpourri a video game fun. We do not have one game. Each of us is going to bring something that we have been enjoying that we already skipped during the past few months. Why are we doing this? Because Truman Animal Crossing still are Out yet. Hey, these games are good. I don't want to undercut it really some very good base stoked about my game more and more importantly juice and I are about to go out of town for a while. So we're stockpiling a little bit which is a little unfortunate because next week, I actually think it's when the is when we start to get the first sprinkles of of the game storm. That's a common with the Neo and Ori, but we'll have to find time to talk about those a bit later on we will slot them at I promise we will but it is kind of a throwback to like old format. Bestie is just for one week, which Is kind of fun for longtime listeners. So enjoy it enjoy it drink it in. Also, you can say a big thank you to Spotify for bringing the show back and I'm assuming you already did in a sense because you were kind enough to follow and listen for free on Spotify. If you would be so kind as to tell the world that you're listening to it enjoying the show. So Spotify keeps letting Let's make it that would be just Sublime of you. And we really appreciate it. You can also email us if you want to this wouldn't be an email specific to next week show because we are about to record it, but you can email us at mail at best. He's a fan you can also follow us on Twitter at the best youth pod. And the top pinned tweet will tell you how to join our newsletter. That is the first place. You'll learn about new episodes and topics for future episodes. And potential merch like a t-shirt that says yes Russ breakfast is milk able we should come up with a name for that like the best of the best. He's or the cream of the rest from have mailing list that was going to do it for us. So be sure to join us again next week for the besties because should the world's best friends pick the world's best games. The besties is a Spotify original podcast. It was sociation with rock media. The show is edited by the Wadi Carter and our theme song is by ear door. besties