Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary. Because like everyone's really good at public speaking. Do you think you'd go to another one? You're definitely perfect. Okay. So then on Friday, we have the western music festival and I know last year Sophia Charlotte were singing at that and you got highly commended wasn't it? Yeah, we did. We did a duet with somebody saying Falling Slowly all of that. So go to yeah, I've heard is performing something. It's better. I believe that This year, I think there's three choirs performing. There's the full choir, which is run by Miss helpin. There's the SAT be choir, which is run by Miss Newton. What does SAT P stands for a soprano Alto tenor and bass voice and that's senior so forth to six years and then there's the girls chamber choir which is only it's mainly 60 or girls and then myself Sophie and Cassie edge around it as well. And that's there's only like 10 people probably in that one. Okay. Yeah, so well best of luck. To anyone who's competing in the western music. I think some people are doing solo performance performances as well in it. Well, good luck to anyone who's in that. So then Monday of next week, we have sharpen away Olga a and then I'm sure there'll be lots of different things put up on schoology of different events that are happening. And then I think there's going to be a buskers Corner through Irish. I don't know if anyone has any other one - I've performed it before probably not this year. Did you do the following Stony song again? Yeah and Irish. Yeah. Oh, I remember that. I'm okay and then then next week as well choose day Wednesday and Thursday. We have the T1 musical which I think we're all really exciting. We will have an interview with mr. Cleary and mr. Wallace on that later. Yeah, and then they're also be a talk shop during the interval which is a fundraiser for a mustard seed. So make sure you bring some change for that in case anyone didn't know the musical is Little Shop of ours and it's really really good. We have all the plans to kind of done though. It looks really good looks really she'd ever come. See make sure that you get your tickets soon because it's selling it. Father has already been her stays totally gone. So it's really important that you get your tickets and you can buy them from the office not a hero ticket tenor ticket on from the office and show starts at half seven. Is that right? Yeah half seven. You have seven board doors open at 7:00. Yeah, and I'd come early. So yeah, but you gotta go to this evening is first-come first-served to come early. I am okay then Wednesday the 18th of March there is the annual big quiz organized by mr. Harris. I actually really love the quiz. I know I go to see Yeah, I've gone my think probably every year. I think I have as well. I've got twice anyway, you know, it is fun. If you got a team together, she got like free food. Yeah. No, the free food is definitely has anyone come close to winning here. No, I think we were at last place when we did it in the middle of like the student teams like 67, there's something and I think the prices are always pretty good as well look mr. X I am going to see you. So I'd say more details will be kind of I'd about that when the time comes closer. So keep an eye out for that. So then on the 28th of March we have with closings cage. Do you want to tell us a bit about what we're saying is Well, we closings is a coral event of loader choirs in Wicklow and it's held here in the school. And I think they're doing some workshops earlier in the day. I'm also then night at 7:30. Then they have the big concert with all the choirs and I think our very own some character School choir singing at it. We've done take the SATs. She is as well and there's also local choirs such as like Bray voices Wicked voices. I know there's I think there's Grayson's dementia choir singing at it. And so is another Parkinson's quo. So I think it's really great and all the proceeds go to charity. So it's really great night to get involved in. Yes. So I'm sure more information will be out about that as well. If anyone is interested. I think you can go and watch as well. Can't you? Yeah. I said, yeah, sorry. So if you're interested in that definitely keep your eyes out for that. Yeah. Hello and welcome back to another Sports Department with me super Crook. And so tomorrow we've got a very exciting first year football match there in the Wicklow Wexford League final in our clothes. So that's going to be pretty exciting and on Thursday. We've got a first-year ga a quarterfinal nice forces Avondale. Mr. Pretty sporty. I know yes you are really getting stuck in with the Elder Sports and Friday. We've got a boys. Thirteen hockey match to done doc more first years ago the first your team. Am I wrong in saying we have the video Marie Final on Wednesday. You're not wrong. I'm wrong. You're actually correct. That is that is a true fact. I know this I do the Spurs of root against Kings Hospital against Kings hospitals. This is a pretty tense match. I all coming out to support I am I don't know I probably will as well. I will be chanting at a reasonable volume because we've also got Ex-army chanting the musical. So yeah, we've got so what are we thinking should we make any we all sections for the matches? Well, we won last match this Friday. Oh, yes K. Tell us about that. Oh, yeah. Well, unfortunately last week the senior first hockey team lost in their semi-final to the two reasons to one. It was very close match and their last girl was very controversial but you know things happen. Yeah and also last week the gene A woman their semi-final well done to them again sink aliens five four. So that means they're true to the final which is on Friday at 10:00 a.m. In three Rock Rovers them. So hopefully someone a lot of the school will come out to support I presume because during school time people come to the support and also it's our final. So either way we'll win a medal gold or silver. And so you're gold you're playing in luck. Oh, yo, I'm playing in that and then We're playing Laredo Stevens green. And yes, so best of luck. We'll get it and support that much because it so it's the first hockey final ever in school. That's a pretty big. That's a big one. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah long. I also I'm last Friday the first year a girls lost their quarterfinal in the plate to st. Andrews so bad that girls I think that's all oh any predictions. So for the Fini Fini Marie, ah, no or for the for the hockey final. I'm controversial but I'm thinking wins all across the board. What do you mean? I had a good year for absolutely smashing it out of the park. Are we - huh? Yeah, someone prove me wrong right now. So think that's all we have time for. Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you in the next episode. Hello and welcome to our fun little interview segments are today. We're going to be interviewing the production and Direction Powerhouse team of mr. Kurien. Mr. Wallace. I'm here with Charlotte. No. Mr. Wallace. Hello lovely see mr. Cleary. Hello. Thanks for having me. He's really nervous. Okay. Okay, so it's clearly. How did you get into directing as I I did show In tyx my first shows in tyn school and then I went back and helped direct shows for my secondary school. And when I was meant to be studying in college and then started getting jobs directing shows when I was in college and it just getting to know people in those circles built up to and directing for more and more people and then I went and did a master's in drama theater and set up a theater company interact with them for a while. That's a really good answer. Well, what was the to I'm he's gonna ruin the tyt. The first DUI show I was ever in. Well, actually I tell a lie. It was a 50 or show and I shouldn't say this. It was a 50 show. I lied that I was a fifth year when I was really just a tea. Why cause you guys weren't actually like take Partners but it was Pippin and I got the main role is Pippin before the director realized I was a fourth year student and because he was an external director and that's yeah Well fair play and yourself. Mr. Wallace, same story didn't lie and told the truth TTYL show. I think it was Aladdin or some variation of an Ardent kind of like the panther this yearbook better more comprehensive and ambitious show for that long ago. Yeah, but no carried on did Oliver and 50-year did choirs like performing liked all those different things and I went off I didn't set up a drama company, but it worked in film. So I've always liked kind of performance industry. And when I came to my first job in teaching I kind of casually said one day over coffee if you need any help with the musical, I'll do it and the next day was sat in front of the principal being told I was directing it. So it was it was a baptism of fire. We did hairspray and Les Miz. I evacuated a school during a performance of lame has got a bit too giddy on the smoke machine Beauty and the Beast I am he's so scared of yeah, and on the final ones I did before I came here was Oklahoma, which I hate it's my most hated musical. I can agree. Yeah Cowboys and hey, it's ridiculous and but no since coming here. Then you have been involved in planters. I started with Sophie Clark here. She was squelchy to my Donald Trump. Yeah. It was people still talk about that performance. I hear they do I think mostly just myself and yourself. You've been the Glory Days of that talk about I can't even tell you the rest of the story of Is just awesome. Yeah, but no. Yes, I we're here. We are where we are today when we set up T why we said we're going to do a musical. We did School of Rock. Mr. Sheridan left. And so myself Miss help and we're kind of going right. How are we going to work this and then this little firecracker came into our life and I was emailing before I even came into this game. Yeah, he was but he's been great to work with it's been an absolute pleasure and he's actually giving me the chance to move more into the production side of things which I love I love the backstage. I love light. I love saying and all those things that go with her and Him really dive into his passion. That's a beautiful beautiful Story the way you work together and you complement each other's abilities. I like that you can't see but we're actually holding hands and that leads us on to you two. Now two of the stars of our show this year. So we're doing a Little Shop of Horrors Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday 10th 11th 12th of March stores open at 7:30 tickets still on sale Thursday sold out Wednesday, very close and choose day only a handful left and Why do you guys do musicals? Well, I love singing and acting and I don't know how long ago maybe four years ago. I started doing drama and I love it. And I just every single time I do a show. I love the feeling of being up on stage and taking a bow at the end. What would be what would be the dream role? Well, I think I'm hoping to end up on the west end. I think every musical theater person is probably Tracy and hairspray think I suit That bro pretty well, I played it a while ago, but in the mermaid, so maybe not as big as West and this is what are you serving? I like to do musicals for the same reasons mostly but I I'm not brilliant at dancing or singing. So it's where the acting your it's more deactivates. We did. He say anything. No, you are she's not wrong. No, but I I love the acting and I think I do often get acting heavy roads, like in this in this show. I have a quite comic role and looking forward to the day. You got the kind of dramatic role. Yeah, I've kind of a so I've been I've been cast as the woman who owns a shop with us who is a psychic for three years in a row. So I feel I'm merely being Typecast a little bit and that's your brilliant. But but yeah, I'm just One day that would do like a really really depressing play that I don't worry. I have met we will set an Intercity. Joplin will be some yes and last question to the group. What would your favorite musical ever be in a way? I my favorite musical would be lame is its bit typical but like my my family aren't mad musicals or anything, you know since bit of like forbidden fruit, we don't talk about it and the house but someone showed me lame is I think it was cleaner Brandon and in like second year and I watched it like three times in a row and it's a long it's a long be school, but I watched it over and over again. I was just fascinated by it because I also like history and he had music sin Grace because we did it in previous. And then did in the National Concert Hall very cool. But it's just it's brilliant. It's a brilliant story. I to the staff. Who do you think would be Jean javadoc kind of thing. I'm going to say. This really shouldn't take it throw my head. What if we did a teacher musical? Oh now that you mention it she danced Iraq. Never know Charlie's favorite musical. I don't think I could pick one. I love I love so many different musicals. I think that I don't know. I just like the music in them because they're so like Rick and I'm very of a drama queen. I know my least favorite musical is cats. I've already done my Caster. Yeah, I did it last year and it's there's no story line at all. I make a movie I did that. Oh, that would be I'd say what do really? Well they did. I'd like to contemporary stuff. Generally. I like my Hamilton's went over to it last year. We're going to derive and handsome with the second years, and I'm really looking forward to that. I just I kind of I tend to like Pop you learn music style things. Yeah, and but then you throw in some old ones. I've got tickets to waitress the other day. Oh, so it's coming next November something aboard gosh. So I tend to like them. But yeah, I do like Classics. I like Lamers and a couple of my just Seven Brides for Seven Brothers are just so so dated and seven men one seven women and they dance around barrels to get them. Okay. It's okay. It's strange at the best of times and you wouldn't know it from the shows that we put on but I actually don't Like the massive spectacle based shows as much as I do love lime is I do love Jesus Jesus Christ Superstar and but I saw the band's visit last year and that was amazing and it's kind of like a play with music in it as opposed to the traditional mass of Big Show musicals, and I know that I love the music and make Flannery and I know that a player has gotten involved with him. He's a cork based singer-songwriter and they're doing a musical to his album evening train. And oh and it's going to be really dark and the music is brilliant and I can't wait for that coming up next year. I heard a rumor. I was reading the script and over own musical a few months ago. I don't need to read any more. I know it'll be hard. But but I saw that Glen Road the musical can we create that? Now we got no, that's all we have time for. Thanks so much for listening. And don't forget rt1. Musical will be on the 10th 11th and 12th of March doors open at 7:30. Some tickets are still left for Tuesday and Wednesday and get them fast. Thank you.