Thank you.I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you. I'd like to begin by saying fuck Lance Armstrong fuck him and his balls and his bicycles and his steroids in his yellow shirts and the dumb empty expression on his face. I'm tired of that asshole while you're at it fuck Tiger Woods to That's another jack off I can do without I'm tired of being told who to admire in this country. Aren't you? Sick of being told Who Your Heroes ought to be being told who you ought to be looking up to I'll choose my own Heroes. Thank you very much and fuck. Dr. Phil, too. Dr. Phil said I should express my emotions. So that's what I'm doing. Now since the last time I rolled through these parts and I do roll through with some frequency. I'm a little bit like herpes I keep coming back. But since the last time I might have seen some of you folks I have had my 70th birthday. Yeah, I'm now 70 years old and I like 70 not as much as I like 69. Well 16. I was always my favorite number now. I figure I'm 69 with one finger up my ass. But now that I'm an old fuck and that's what I consider myself to be an old. Fuck. Oh fuck is a very special term. It's not like old man old man is different old man isn't really a time in your life for a period of years. It's an attitude old man is a point of view. It's a way of looking at things. Some guys are old man when they're in their 20s, you've met guys like that. They're just wired like old men, not me not an old man and not an old fart because an old fart is kind of What I am is an old fuck. It's kind of like a fat. Fuck that fuck tall. Fuck skinny. Fuck short. Fuck. Oh fuck. Who's the oh fuck. That's Georgie. Georgie is the old car? In this respect fuck is actually a synonym for the word fellow. But now that I'm an old fuck I'm beginning to notice some advantages to putting on a few extra years. The first one is you never have to carry anything heavy ever again. Everybody wants to help an old fuck if you got a big suitcase or something like that. You know, you just kind of go like this a little bit you see? Yeah. Could you help me with this a yeah. Hey, how far are you going to Indianapolis? He wants to help fuck them put them to work take advantage of people another nice thing about getting old as you can leave any social event early just by saying you're tired works. Great with family members just turned the person actually see cheese. I'm getting tired, you know. Oh you're tired. Come on. Grandpa's tired. Grandpa's gone to bed. Someone else's but it's 7:30 in the morning. This is Always want asshole in the family, but the best thing about getting old is you're not responsible for remembering things anymore even important things, but it was your daughter's funeral. I forgot you can even make believe you have Alzheimer's disease. That's a lot of fun. You look around the dining room table. And you say who are you people and where's my horse? Then you stare at your eldest son and say Agnes. I haven't seen you since first communion fucks them up fucks them up. They don't know how to handle it takes of a week to get over that shit and they start listening to you a lot more carefully from then on so don't be afraid to get old. It's a great time a life you get to take advantage of people and you're not responsible for anything. You could even shit in your pants. They expected I haven't tried that yet, but I don't rule it out. I'm keeping my options open. Everything is on the table. Perhaps that's not the figure of speech I wanted right there. So you don't have been doing going through my address book and Crossing out the dead people you do that that's a lot of fun isn't it gives you a good feeling kind of gives you a feeling of power superiority to have outlasted another old friend, but you can't do it too soon. You know, you can't do it too soon. You can't come running home from the funeral and get the book out. You know, you can't do that. Little time has to pass you have to little little time go by I have a rule of thumb six weeks. If you're a friend of mine and you're in my book and you die. I leave you alone for an extra six weeks six extra weeks in the book on the house. It's on me, but after that, hey facts are facts. Fuck you you're dead. Out your fucking go you gotta have standards. You know now these days a lot of people don't keep analog address books anymore. They don't want to be right in that stuff out longhand there in the computer age and they have an application in the computer called Outlook or contacts or address book something like that. So they keep all the information in the computer and they sync it up with their phone every day or every other day. So now instead of scratching out a name you get to delete the fuck. Angie leaving someone has an even more powerful feeling that simply scratching out a name, you know how to delete some one you select the name highlight the person and then straight into the trash now if it's a really close friend of yours, you might not want to empty the trash for about six weeks or or if it's a little too harsh for you a little too harsh to delete an old friend. You can always create a new folder a special folder for dead people. You keep it on your desktop. It's kind of a digital purgatory. And the nice thing is every now and then you can open it up and you can look inside and you can see the people in purgatory and you can move them all around, you know, put them in little groups to people who can get along in life. Put them in the corner. Let them work it out. Let them work it out in purgatory or start a fight have a big fight in purgatory. That's a lot of nobody's going to get hurt. They're all fucking dead anyway. Then you put them in a big formation and have a parade the Purgatory parade of dead people not as a lot of fun you can have with a computer. So enjoy your digital selves now speaking of dead people. There are things we say when someone dies most of us say lot of us do things we say that no one ever questions. They just kind of go on examined give you a couple examples after Sighs the following conversation is bound to take place. Probably more than once to guys meet on the street. Hey, did you hear Phil Davis died Phil Davis? I just saw him yesterday. Yeah didn't help he died. Anyway, apparently the simple Act of you're seeing him did not slow his cancer down. In fact, it may have made it more aggressive. And you know you could be responsible for Phil's death. How do you live with yourself? Is another thing they say after a death. This is usually said to the surviving spouse. Listen, if there's anything I can do anything at all, please don't hesitate to ask. What are you going to do a resurrection? It's like the fucking New Testament, you know not to tell a guy like that a wants to help. I'll find Martin should come over this weekend. You can paint the garage bring your plunger the upstairs toilet overflowed and the shit all over the floor up there. Do you drive a tractor good that'll come in handy the north 40 needs a lot of attention bring your chains on your pickaxe. We're going to put your ass to work. He wants to help fuck him call his bluff call his bluff don't hesitate to ask the nerve of these pricks. Here's another thing we say to the surviving spouse. I'm keeping him in my thoughts. Where where exactly in your thoughts. Does he fit in between my ass hurts in this chair and let's fuck the waitress. What are your priorities? We use a lot of euphemisms when we talk about death, you know, people say things like, you know, I lost my father. He'll turn up. You got to stay optimistic with people like that. Give a reason to Hope. Have you checked the dumpster out back. He used to like to take a nap in there. Keep it up feet now. There's something else that is said after a death. But this one involves belief, which is where I begin to have big problems. This one happens after the funeral after the burial back at the house back at the house where the family and friends of the loved ones of the deceased are having some food and drink and enjoying some warm reminiscences of the person who passed away sooner or later. Someone is bound to say the following especially after a few drinks. You know, I think he's up there now smiling down at us and I think he's pleased now first of all, there is no up there. For people to be smiling down from its poetic. It's quaint and I guess for superstitious people that provides a little Comfort but it doesn't exist. But if it did if it did and if someone did somehow survived death in a non physical form, I personally think he'd be far. Busy with other Celestial activities than to be standing around Paradise smiling down. I live people. What kind of a fucking eternity is that and why is it no one ever says I think he's down there now smiling up at us. Apparently it never occurs to people that their loved ones might be in Hell your parents could be in hell right now your parents and how your father for sure. Oh shit, hell is full of dads. Bulla dad's even the ones who took you to the Ball Game just for beating the shit out of you once too often and fucking the neighbor lady and fucking the neighbor dog. And who knows maybe even fucking the UPS man will never know what Mischief dad was up to parents in heaven Paris and hell's use me kind of gives me a nice feeling, you know grandparents in Hell picture that picture your grandmother and he'll baking pies without an oven. And if someone were in hell, I doubt very seriously. He'd be smiling. I think he's down there now screaming up at us. And I think he's in severe pain people just refuse to be realistic. They don't like to be realistic people would rather stroke themselves, you know on a like to stroke themselves don't they struck themselves? They struck each other they get stroke. They struck the Boss the boss trucks and everybody's trucks. Everybody's nothing but a big stroke job in this country the government structure every day of your life religion. Never stop stroking you big business gives you a good stroke and it's one big Trans Continental cross-country red white and blue stroke job. Do you know You know what the national emblem of this country ought to be forget that bald eagle the national emblem of this country ought to be Uncle Sam standing naked and attention saluting and seated on a chair next to him the Statue of Liberty jerking him off. That would be a good symbol for the United Strokes of America. It's all bullshit folks. It's all bullshit. That's bad for you now speaking of dead people in heaven. There are some people who not only believe that their dead parents in heaven can see them. Okay? Okay, they honestly believe that their dead parents in heaven can help them. You've heard these people. I'm sure they honestly somehow believe that their dead parents in Heaven Can intercede with God on their behalf to gain favors for the living. I come from a Catholic home. I heard this shit. They sit there in the chair with the fucking rosary and they look at you like this, you know, and it's you know, my dad. My dad was looking out for me. He was looking out on how he got me out of the gym, but he got me. Oh my mom. My mom was in surgery with me. She was in I could feel her presence in the yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah fine, like the people who died have nothing better to do than to run the Heavenly branch of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. Now if people want to believe this kind of stuff is fine with me, let him believe it. I don't I don't I don't want to disabuse any one of their discs their beliefs, but I have a question about this a question that involves logic. Let's suppose it's true. Let's allow the proposition that somehow dead parents in heaven can help their living children fine. So we got a family living on Earth father and mother and four kids family is six good family. Nice family doing all the right things having a good time making All the Right Moves and the parents go away on a weekend trip and get killed in an accident and the children of course survive. So now according to this Theory these two people go to heaven route and they start helping therefore living children helping them with everything they need. Helping them with their science projects with their SAT scores helping them get a good school and get it get a nice job and get a promotion and a raise and someone to marry and they all grow up these four kids now grow up and have children of their own and let's say that all four of these now grown children also died at the same time just for the sake of argument. Let's say there's an explosion at Thanksgiving dinner. And these four died but their children survived because they were seated at the children's table. So so now according to the theory these four go to heaven and they start helping their living children. But what happens to the original to what happens to the grandparents? They just go off duty now, what do they do other than some X. Is there a retirement program up there now, there's some activities for these people shuffleboard pinball online poker. There must be something they can do or do they have to remain on duty and definitely do they have to keep on helping their living descendants forever and ever and ever is that what heaven is all about helping the living? When do you get to just lie back on a cloud and take a fucking heart plus and you know what, I mean? Because because people have been dying people have been dying for a long long time. There's been a lot of dead motherfuckers. Did you know that? Yes, you know, there's a lot of dead motherfuckers. We've had a hundred billion people live on this Earth. That's what the experts say. A hundred billion people have lived here. So let's say half of them died and went to heaven that's 50 billion people up there. That's a pretty crowded place. It must get pretty busy and pretty hectic up there. And God must get pretty pissed off. We'll all these favors. Yeah. I know spelling test Tuesday get the fuck out of here. Even God can go on sensory overload. That's why I wanted one day off a week. Christian's gave him Sunday Jews gave him Saturday moslems gave him Friday. God has a three day weekend, which is probably just what he needs now just a couple of the questions about this whole Theory suppose you die without having any children. Who do you help strangers? They would be nice. Suppose you're an adopted child who helps you your biological mother. She doesn't even know where the fuck you live. suppose you kill your parents would they help you? I'll guarantee you mr. And mrs. Menendez and not helping those two boys. Yeah, it's all bullshit folks is bad for you. It's all bullshit. That's what you have to remember as you go through life in this country. It's all bullshit and it's bad for you now. Speaking of parents and speaking of bullshit to ideas which aren't always mutually exclusive by the way. I'd like to mention a special kind of bullshit that has taken hold in this country in the last 30 to 40 years. It's a form of bullshit that really only can be called child worship its child worship. It's this excessive Devotion to Children. I'm talking about today's professional parents these these Obsessive diapers sniffers who are over scheduling and over managing their children and robbing them of their childhoods. Even the simple Act of play. Even the simple Act of playing has been taken away from children and put on mommy schedule in the form of playdates something that should be spontaneous and free. Is now being rigidly planned when does a kid ever get to sit in the yard with a stick anymore? You know just sit there with a fucking stick to today's kids even know. What a stick is, you know? You sit in the yard with a fucking stick and you dig a fucking hole? Are you look at the whole and you look at this dick and you have a little fun but kids don't have sticks anymore. I don't think there are any sticks left. I think they've all been recalled because of lead paint. Who would have thought that one day the manufacturing of sticks would be outsourced to China but you know something the kitchen me wasting his time with a stick. Anyway, if he's 4 years old, he should be home studying for his kindergarten entrance exams, you know, but that should only have now. Yeah, there are places that have kindergarten entrance exams the poor little fuck the poor little fuck. He can barely locate his dick. You know and I'd already he's being pressured to succeed pressured to succeed for the sake of the parents. Isn't this really just a sophisticated form of child abuse and speaking of that speaking of child abuse. Speaking of child abuse Next Top grade school grade school where he won't be allowed to play tag because it encourages victimization and he won't be allowed to play dodgeball because it's exclusionary and it promotes aggression standing around is still okay standing around is still permitted, but the won't be for long because sooner or later some kid is going to be standing around and his foot will fall asleep and his parents will sue the school and it'll be goodbye fucking standing around. damn Now fortunately all is not lost all is not lost because at least we know that when he does get to play whatever games he is allowed to play the child will never lose. We know he'll never lose because in today's America, no child ever loses. There are no losers anymore. Everyone's a winner no matter what the game or sport or competition. Everybody wins. Everybody wins. Everybody gets a trophy. No one is a loser. No child these days ever gets to hear those. All important character building words, you lost Bobby. You lost your a loser Bobby. They miss out on that. You know what they tell the kid who lost these days you were the last winner. A lot of these kids never get to hear the truth about themselves until they're in their twenties when their boss calls them and it says Bobby playing the shit out of your desk and get the fuck out of here. You're a loser get the fuck out of here. Of course, Bobby's parents can understand why he can't hold a job in school. He was always on the honor roll. Well what they don't understand of course is that in today's schools. Everyone is on the honor roll. Everyone is on the honor roll because in order to be on the honor roll, all you really need to do is to maintain a body temperature somewhere roughly in the 90s. But we shouldn't be worried about how he's doing. It's cool because you know some come summertime. He'll be off to Camp. Yes. He'll be off to camp but not to swim and hike and play softball. No, no, no today's child will be sent away to lose weight. He'll be sent to fat camp or violin camp or Ceramics camp or computer camp or Leadership Camp. Whatever the fuck that is leadership camp. Isn't that where Hitler went? Specialized structured summer camps got to keep the little fucker busy. Don't they gotta keep the little fucker busy wouldn't want them to sneak in a little unstructured time in the woods. That wouldn't be any good. God knows he might start jacking off. Now all of this stupid bullshit the children have been so crippled by has grown out of something called the self-esteem movement the self-esteem movement began in 1970 and I'm happy to say it has been a complete failure because Studies have repeatedly shown that having high self esteem does not improve grades does not improve career achievement. It does not even lower the use of alcohol and most certainly does not reduce. The incidence of violence of any sort because as it turns out extremely aggressive violent people think very highly of themselves. Imagine that sociopaths have high self-esteem who Woulda thunk huh. I love in this kind of thing happens. I love when these politically correct ideas Crash and Burn and wind up in the shithouse. Here's another one that bit the dust this practice of playing Mozart during pregnancy. So the fetus can hear it it was supposed to increase intelligence didn't work didn't work. All it did was sell a CDs and piss off a whole lot of fetuses the self-esteem movement revolved around a single notion the idea the single idea that every child is special boy. They said it over and over and over as if to convince themselves every child is special and I kept saying fuck you. Every child is clearly not special Jimmy. Look at one of them. Don't take a good close. Look at one of these fucking kids. They're goofy. The fucking goofy-looking the too small. They're way too fucking small their malapportioned their heads. Don't fit their bodies and their arms into weird never they can't walk across the room in a straight line and when they talk they talk like that. mouth full of shit They're incomplete incomplete unfinished work. I never give credit for incomplete work. Now PT Barnum. I think they're special but not me. I have standards but let's say it's true. Let's Grant this. I'm in a generous mood. Let's Grant this proposition. Let's say it's true as somehow all every child is special. What about every adult? Is it every adult special to and if not, if not that at what age do you go from being special to be not so special and if every adult is special in that means we're all special in the whole ideal is as all it's fucking meaning. Here's another platitude. They Jam down your throat children are our future children are not our future and I can prove it with my usual Flawless logic. Children can't be our future because by the time the future arrives they won't be children anymore. So blow me as you may have noticed. I always like to present a carefully reasoned argument raised in a child is not difficult. They try to make it into this. This mysterious difficult test nothing to it easiest thing in the world to raise a kid. If you follow the steps first step, you take the kid and you put them out on the street corner and you leave him there you come back a week later. If the kid is still there. You've got yourself a stupid fucking kid. Then you just proceed from that point. It's all bullshit folks so bullshit and it's bad for you. Now. You wouldn't know it for some of the things I've said over the years. But I like people I do I like people but I like them in short bursts. I don't like people for extended periods of time. I'm alright with them for a little while. But once you get up passed around minute minute and a half. I gotta get the fuck out of there and my reason for this my reason is for one that you may share possibly. I have a very low tolerance level for stupid bullshit. That's all. And everyone wants to tell you they're stupid bullshit and a lot of them don't know when to stop talking you've run into that guy doesn't know when to stop talking just continues grunting at the mouth like verbal. Diarrhea don't know when the conversation is over stupid trivial shit. You don't care anything about things you're not even remotely interested in that anymore. My mom and dad. Well, my mom and dad went on vacation down to Mammoth Cave Kentucky this about Six years ago, I think seemed like it was too expensive shoes years ago six or seven possibly seven could be somewhere in there six seven more than six less than 7. Let's call it six and a half. So my mom and dad went on vacation to Mammoth Cave Kentucky and my dad found a big rock what he thought was a big rock turns out it was a dinosaur turd petrified dinosaur 27 pounds. there You know now that I think of it it might have been eight years ago. That would have been close to Y2K. Wouldn't it? Remember Y2K whatever happened? Everybody's all worried about that. Nothing ever happened. Ha ha ha big fuss. Nothing ever happened, you know God has strange, you know, so let's say we'll say it's eight years eight. It was either 8 or 5. So why did I get my mom this big charities in here Mom? This is a big dinosaur. Turd put in your purse to take that home. My Mom said Dad. I don't think this is a dinosaur turd. This thing is still warm. Whoever dropped this thing is still walking around in here and we better get the fuck out of this game. Nine years ago nine. I know it was nine because my wife was pregnant with our first boy mock Moody Bunnell Saeed bin, Salam and he's ten now. Or is he he's 11 Navy's 11. He's either 11 or five and while all this is going on your searching through your mind for something diplomatic and tactful and graceful that you can say to help end the conversation and all I can ever come up with this blow it out your ass blown out your ass blow it out your ass blow it out your ass blow it out your ass. But you can't say that you good manners. Don't permit it. You have to find another way and I go to body language. I try to use my body language to show that the conversations over I find myself leaning at a 45-degree angle trying to indicate the direction. I'd like to go if this person would just shut the fuck up. And that it might even give them a verbal cue surgery surgery. I'm late for surgery. I'm having my ears sewn shut. Yeah. St. People on the phone same people on the phone don't know when to hang up don't know when the conversation is over dumb trivial shit dumb questions. So what are you guys going to do five Summers from now? We haven't made any plans Marge wants to go to the beach the kids kind of like it at the lake and I want to go to the mountains grandma wants to visit her sister and Frog Balls, Arkansas. How about you have you made any plans? It's never too early to make plans. We're going to Norway in 2020. Fine, did you know that up until the 1950s Norway's economy was based largely on fishing, but now thanks to the expansion of the world economy and increased improve drilling take you and it's once again, you're searching for your mind for the right thing to say to help end the conversation shut the fuck up comes to mind or blow it out your how about the shut your fucking pie hole might be good or if he prefers cake shut your fucking cake hole but these things you don't want it. You can't say those things and you can't use body language on the phone. Well, you can always amuse yourself, you know. Poor picture mother you show your mother respect you put her on speakerphone. But that doesn't move the conversation along you have to find another trick and I go to tone of voice Jamie use your tone of voice to try to talk them into a soft Landing. You try to coax the person toward the end, right? Good. Okay, good. All right, then good. Great. Okay, good. Okay. All right, you all fuck there. He goes again. Like I said. You remember my neighbor with the burns on 90% of her body. Well, she burned the other ten percent now. She was lighting a fart and her Bush caught fire. Listen, listen, rev rev rev rev. I hate to be rude, but I just took a three-and-a-half-hour shit and I'm bleeding from the asshole. Well, I don't They need Mercurochrome. Yes. Yeah, I'll put a Snoopy bandaid on it. Thank you. Thank you you do that for me. Yes a prayer for my asshole. Thank you very much. You have to resort to these tactics because many people do not understand what a phone call should be or what a phone call is ideally a phone call is the brief exchange of a few vital pieces of information. This is a phone call. Hey Steve what time's the circle jerk start tonight? Right ten o'clock. Okay. Listen, I'm going to be a little bit late. You'll have to start without me. Oh, don't worry. I'll catch up on meeting a whole bunch of oysters and watching a horny movie. It's called Tarzan fucks a zebra, Russell Crowe. Well, it's kind of a fantasy right now. Renee Zellweger is blowing a unicorn. That's a phone call. It should not be a two-and-a-half-hour harangue of your third cousin describing her mailman's liposuction. God people are fucking boring. People are just fucking boring, you know would be great for a guy like me just to be in a coma wouldn't that be great? Nothing to do all day. You just crap out and breathe through a fucking tube. They feed you through it to him. There's nothing to do. Well you talk about being a couch potato That's it man. No phone calls coming in. Nobody dropping by unexpectedly and if they do drop by you're completely unaware of it because you're in a fucking coma and you're practically clinically dead and you don't have to listen to their stupid shit. They're stupid shit like about their new ride around lawn mower. Or with the two-tone horn and the GPS in case they get lost on the lawn. And that boss in their job in their car and their kids Jesus fucking Christ. They're kids folks folks. Nothing worse. Nothing worse than to be stuck somewhere with some married asshole and have to listen to him. Tell you about his fucking kids. Let me tell you something folks. Nobody cares about your children, okay. Nobody cares about your children I speak for everyone. I've been appointed by the rest of the group to inform you. We don't care about your children. That's why they're your children so you can care about them and we don't have to bother but they tell you anyway Todd is in the seventh grade now. He's in the cheese Club. Giselle is five and already she's had nine periods. Johann is 11 and he pretty much sits around the house hallucinating all the time. Then they want to show you the pictures is another ordeal the pictures these little gargoyles that they have loosed from their loins. Lot of these professional mommy's whether think there's nothing better than having a baby or that they can see the biggest thing of the world. Like it's a big event having a baby. I call it pumping out a unit. That's that's all their door. That's all they're doing pumping out of fucking unit. Boom. Like when someone like assembly lines like a factory every fucking year. Hey, Jeff, want a kid. How about twins? Boom polluting the Earth? Polluting the Earth with these creatures who have no future. They have no future have you pictured with this planet is going to be like in 40 to 50 years. It's going to be a big smoking ball of shit a big smoking flaming stinking ball of gaseous shit. That's what's going to happen. That's what's going to happen. It's irresponsible to have more than one child have one have one child replacement value for yourself. That's all don't even replace your husband don't replace your husband. He's done enough fucking damage as it is, but they want to show you the pictures. Sometimes they warn you. You know, that's good. They say hey you want to see some pictures of my kid? No just describe them to me, but they show you and there are two ways. You can handle it. I have found two ways to handle the pictures. The first is the easy way. You just kind of take it all in stride matter-of-factly go along with the game. Whoo, boy, Girl older boy older girl good for listen. I have to go wash my crotch. I'll see you later. And you get the fuck out of there or you can do what I do. You could do what I do be a little honest about what you see take a chance. Tell the truth. Look at the fucking head on that kid. Jesus where do you get a fucking head like that hold that thing is huge. Have you put them on YouTube yet? Boy, you got a lot of hits with a head like that will put them on eBay. You might make a little money. You know, I'm sure some European circus would snap his ass up in a fucking minute boy God. Damn that thing is unusual. Listen, maybe he'll grow into it. You never know with kids, huh? Hey, let me ask you a practical question. Where do you find hats for a kid like that? Tell the truth? Don't be bullshitting people. Don't be bullshitting has enough bullshit as it is. There's plenty of bullshit. Then they want to show you the pictures of the little girl. Who's second teeth are coming in and they think it's cute. It's not it's fucking horrifying. Jim it's a give a look at the teeth and some of these kids to missing a good close look in the mouth. You have a look in there. See what's going on. Sometimes several rows of fucking teeth coming in coming in at all funny angles. There's one under the tooth. That's an under the tongue. That's an unusual place for it to the sublingual tooth my God, look at that. Once again, tell the truth you better start saving your money right now pal. It's going to cost you a fucking fortune to fix that you are going to need an international team of orthodontists Around the Clock just to make it that you might want to call FEMA that looks like a real fucking car yet. You have the number the National Guard give them a ring if that's good. Listen, why don't you just have more pulled in letter start over again? Or take a picture of her with her mouth closed that would save you a lot of Heartache in the long run. This is you're not Catholic by any chance. Are you? Well, the reason I ask is you might want to check out a Lords and pray for a miracle over there. Tell the truth. Don't be bullshitting people. Like I say, there's enough bullshit as it is. Is enough bullshit as it is, in fact, there's just enough did you know that there's just enough bullshit to hold things together in this country. Bullshit is the glue that binds us as a nation. Where would we be without our safe familiar American bullshit Land of the Free Home of the Brave the American Dream all men are equal justice is blind. The Press is free your vote. Businesses honest the good guys win. The police are on your side. God is watching you your standard of living will never Decline and everything is going to be just fine the official national bullshit story. I call it the American okeydoke. Every one of those items is provably untrue at one level or another but we believe them because they're pounding. Into our heads from the time we were children. That's what they do with that kind of stuff. They put it in the heads of kids they pounded in there because kids they know kids are too young to be able to mount a sophisticated argument against these kind of ideas and so kids and up to a certain age by the way kids are going to believe everything a grown-up tells them everything so they took kids never learned to question things. Nobody questions things in this country anymore. Nobody questions things why people are too fat and happy people are way too fucking prosperous for their own good. Everyone's got a cellphone that will make pancakes and rub their ball. So nobody wants nobody wants to rock the boat and people people just Gizmo Americans have been silenced bought often silenced by gizmos and toys and as a result, no one's ever learned to question Things No One questions. Okay, you've ever Barbara Bush I call it the silver douchebag. You remember her Barbara Bush. She is the mother of Governor George Bush. I call him Governor Bush because that's the only elected office. He ever held legally in our country. I don't care where they hang is portrayed on. Here, how big is library is you'll always be Governor Bush. I don't even capitalize his name when I type it anymore. So she's the mother of Governor George Bush. She's also the wife of his father George HW Bush who did become president and the normal legal traditional Manner and when he did she came along for the ride as first lady and that's been a tradition up till now a man has been elected and the woman has come along for the ride as the first lady and usually as in American life in general, all the woman is condescended to patronize given something to do to keep her busy. A lot of times. They give her a charity or cause something she can Champion Betty Ford was told to drink remember that. Yeah. Yeah. That was that was Betty Ford's assignment Betty you get drunk and get totally fallen down fucked up shit-faced drunk. Okay, you just get fucked up drunk. I Will Hose you down baby Will Hose you down. We'll put you to the facility you get sober and then we'll put your name in the facility Liza. Can get sober and everything's going to be okay, right? That was her assignment Barbara Bush's assignment was getting children to read remember that getting children to read they figured she had so much success with George. That she would be a natural to get children to read which misses the point completely not important to get children to read children who want to read are going to read kids want to learn to read it going to learn to read much more important to teach children to question what they read children should be taught to question everything to question everything. They read everything. They hear children should be taught to question authority parents never teach the children to question authority because parents are authority figures themselves and they don't want to undermine their own bullshit inside the household so they struck the kid in the kids Strokes them and they all stroke each other and they all grow up all fucked up and they come to shows like this kids have to be warned that there's bullshit coming down the road that's the biggest thing you can do for kid tellement life in this country is about it's about a whole lot of bullshit that needs to be determined detected and avoided that's the best thing you could have I don't want told me no one told me a thing like that I was never warned about any of this had to find all of it out for myself and there are still as with you probably a lot of things that you're expected to believe and accept in America that I personally have a problem with and I question a lot of these things give you an example I saw a slogan on the guys card said proud to be an American and I thought well what the fuck does that mean proud to be an American you see I've never understood national pride Never understood ethnic Pride because I'm Irish and I'm all for my grandparents were born in Ireland. So I'm fully Irish. And when I was a kid, I would go to the st. Patrick's Day parade and I noticed that they sold a button that said proud to be Irish and I can never understand that because I knew that on Columbus Day, they sold a different button that said proud to be Italian then came black pride and Puerto Rican pride and I could never understand ethnic or national pride because to me Pride should be reserved for something you achieve or attain. On your own not something that happens by accident of birth being Irish. Being Irish isn't a skill. It's a fucking genetic accident. You wouldn't say I'm proud to be 511. I'm proud to have a predisposition for colon cancer. So why the fuck would you be proud to be Irish are proud to be Italian or American or anything of if you're happy with it. That's fine do that. Put that on your car happy to be an American be happy. Don't be proud too long. Pride is it is pride goeth before a fall. Never forget Proverbs. Okay. Now is it other slogan is another slogan you run into all the time. God Bless America. Once again, respectfully, I say to myself. What the fuck does that mean? God Bless America. Is that a request? Is that a demand? Is that a suggestion politicians? Say it at the end of every speech as if it was some sort of verbal tic that they can't get rid of God bless you and God bless. Bless America. God bless you and God bless America. I guess they figure if they leave it out. Someone's going to think they're bad Americans. Let me tell you a little secret about God folks. God does not give a flying fuck about America. Okay, he doesn't care. He never cared about this country that he never has he never will he doesn't care about this country anymore than he cares about Mongolia Transylvania Pittsburgh the Suez Canal of a North Pole. He simply doesn't care. Okay, he doesn't care. Listen. good there are 200 countries in the world now to these people honestly think that God is sitting around picking out his favorites why would it do that why would God have a favorite country and why would it be America out of all the countries because we are the most money because he likes our national anthem maybe it's because you heard we have 18 delicious flavors of classic Rice-A-Roni it's delusional thinking it's delusional thinking and Americans are not alone with these sort of delusions military cemeteries around the world are packed with brainwashed dead soldiers who were convinced God was on their side America praise for God to destroy our enemies our enemies pray for God to destroy us somebody's going to be disappointed somebody's wasting your fucking time could it be everyone now the people want to say God Bless America that's their business I don't care but here's what I don't understand if they say God Bless America presumably they believe in God and if they do they must have heard God loved everyone that's what he said he loved everyone and love to be equally so why would these people ask God to do something the one against his own teachings you know what these God Bless America people ought to do they ought to check with that Jesus fellow this so crazy about out they're always talking about what would Jesus do what would Jesus do they don't want to know so they can do it they just want to know so they could tell other people to do it well I'll tell you what uses what is that I'll tell you what Jesus would have done he would have got up in the top of the Empire State Building and said God bless everyone around the world forever and ever till the end of time that's what Jesus would have done and that's what these people should do or else they should admit that God Bless America is really just some sort of an empty slogan with no Real meaning except for something vague like Good Luck Good Luck America, you're on your own which is a little bit closer to the truth. Here's a kiss a Civic custom that I don't understand. Maybe you could help me taking off your hat when a flag passes by or with some jack off of the ballpark starts singing the National Anthem the tell you to take off your hat. What the fuck does that have to do with being patriotic? What possible relationship exists between the uncovered head? Ed and a feeling that ought to live in your heart suppose you have a red white and blue hat suppose you have a hat made out of a flag. Why don't you take it off to honor the flag when you leave it on and point it toward the flag. And what's so bad about hats that you have to take them off why not take off your pants or your shoes. They tell you at the airport to say take off your shoes. You tell you some national security. So taking off your shoes could be patriotic to I started to question. All this stupid hat shit when I was a kid when I was a kid. I was a Catholic least until I reached the Age of Reason, okay. So I was a Catholic. I was a Catholic for about two two and a half years something like that and during that time one of the things they told us was that if a boy or a man went into a church, he had to remove his hat in order to honor the presence of God, but they had already told me that God was everywhere. So I used to wonder well if God is everywhere. Why would you even own a hat? Why not show your respect don't even buy a fucking hat. I just to confuse things further they told the women exactly the opposite Catholic women and girls had to cover their heads when they went into church same as in certain temples Jewish men have to cover their heads in those Temple you know same temples Jewish women not allowed to cover their heads so trying to figure this shit out Catholic men and Jewish women no hats Catholic got the women and Jewish men hats somebody's got the whole thing totally fucking backwards don't you think and what is this religious fascination with headgear every religion has got a different fucking hat so we notice that the Hindus have a turbine Sheiks of a tall white turban Jews have a yarmulke the Muslims have the kefir to Bishop as a point he had on one day and around had another day Cardinal has a red hat Pope as of why everybody's got to fucking hat one go take some off the other group put some on personally I would never want to be a member of any group where you either have to wear a hat You can't wear a hat, I think. I think all religions should have one rule and one rule only hats optional. That's all you need to run a really good religion is another one of these Civic Customs swearing on the Bible. You understand that shit. They tell you to raise your right hand place your left hand on the Bible. Does this stuff really matter? Which hand is God really give a fuck about details like this suppose you put your right hand in the Bible. You raise your left hand. Would that count? What would God say sorry wrong hand try again? And what why does one hand have to be raised? What is the Magic in this gesture? This seems like some sort of a primitive who do Mojo stick. Why not put your left hand on the Bible that your right hand. Hang down by your side. It's more natural or put it in your pocket never what your mother used to say. Don't put your hands in your pockets. Does she know something we don't know is this hand shit really important? Let's get back to the Bible America's favorite. No, theatrical prop suppose the Bible. They hand you to swear on his upside down or backward or both and you swear to tell the truth on an upside-down backward Bible. Would that count suppose the Bible the hand you was an old Bible and half the pages are missing suppose. All they have is a Chinese Bible in an American court or Braille Bible, and you're not blind. Suppose they hand you an upside-down backwards Chinese Braille Bible with half the pages messy. At what point does all of this stuff just break down and become just a lot of stupid shit that somebody made up they fucking made it up folks. It's make believe it's make-believe now. All right, okay. Let's leave the Bible aside will get back to the science fiction reading later. The more important question is. what is the big deal about swearing to God in the first place why does swearing to God mean you're going to tell the truth wouldn't affect me if they said to me you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God I'd say yeah I'll tell you about as much truth is the people around that fucking Bible how do you like that swearing on the Bible doesn't mean anything it's kids weren't a God is kid stuff did you give them when you were a kid if you if you told another kid something he didn't quite believe he say you swear to God I would always say yeah I swear to God even if I was lying why not what's going to happen if I lie nothing nothing happens if you lie unless you get caught and that's a whole different story Times that kid with think he was being slick with me and he'd say you swear on your mother's grave. I say yeah, why not? First of all, my mother was alive. She didn't even have a grave second of all even if she was dead. What's she going to do rise from the grave and come and haunt me come and haunt me all because I told a lie to an eight-year-old get fucking real with you. Sometimes I would say I swear on my mother's tits kids are impressed with things like that. I mean I don't care about my mother's tits either I didn't care if they fell off fucker not my problem there your tits my you keep an eye on him swearing to God doesn't mean anything swearing on the Bible as a mean anything. You know, why because Bible or no Bible God or no God if it suits them. Purposes people are going to lie in court the police do it all the time all the time. Yes, they do. It's part of their job to protect to serve and to commit perjury whenever it supports the state's case swearing on the Bible is just one more way of controlling people and keeping them in line. And it's one more thing that holds us back as a species. Here's one more item for the last thing our Civics book rights boy, everyone in this country is always running around yammering about their fucking rights. I have a right you have no right? We have a right they don't have right folks. I hate to spoil your fun. But there's no such thing as It's okay. There are majan. Airy. We made them up like the boogeyman The Three Little Pigs Pinocchio Mother Goose shit like that rights are an idea. They're just imaginary they're cute idea cute, but that's all cute and fictional. But if you think you do have rights, let me ask you this. Where do they come from people say, well they come from God their God given rights. Fuck. Here we go. Again the god excuse the last Refuge of a man with no answers and no. Ain't that came from God and he we can't describe must have come from God personally folks. I believe that if your rights came from God, he would have given you the right to some food every day, and he would have given you the right to a roof over your head. God would have been looking out for you. God would have been looking out for you and Iraq. He would have been worried about making sure you have a gun. So you get drunk on Sunday night and kill your girlfriend's parents. But let's say it's true. Let's say God gave us these rights. Why would he give us a certain number of writes the Bill of Rights of this country has 10 stipulations. Okay, 10 rights and apparently God was doing sloppy work that week because we've had to amend the Bill of Rights and additional 17 times. So God forgot a couple of things like slavery just fucking slipped his mind but let's say let's say God gave us the original 10 he gave the British 13 the British Bill of Rights has 13 stipulations the Germans have 29 the belgians have 25 the Swedish have only six and some people in the world have no rights at all what kind of a fucking goddamn god-given deal is that no rights at all why would God give different people in different countries different numbers of different rights boredom Amusement bad arithmetic do we find out at long last after all this time that God is weak in math skills doesn't sound like Divine planning to me sounds more like human planning sounds more like one group trying to control another group in other words business as usual in America now if you think you do have rights one last assignment for you next time you're at the computer get on the internet go to Wikipedia when you get to here in the search field for Wikipedia I want you to type in Japanese Americans 1942 and you'll find out all about your precious fucking rights okay all right you know that you know in 1942 there were 110,000 Japanese American citizens in good standing law-abiding people who were thrown into internment camps simply because their parents were born in the wrong country that's all they did wrong they had no right to a lawyer no right to a fair trial no right to a jury of their peers no right to due process of any kind the only right they had right this way into the eternal Cavs just when these American citizens needed their rights the most their government took them away and rights aren't rights of someone can take him away their privileges that's all we've ever had in this country as a bill of temporary privileges that if you read the news even badly you know that every year the list gets shorter and shorter and shorter you seriously sooner or later the people in this country you got to realize the government does not give a fuck about them government doesn't care about you or your children or your right to your welfare you safety it simply doesn't give a fuck about you it's interested in its own power that's the only thing keeping it and expanding it wherever possible personally when it comes to rights I think one of two things is true I think either we have unlimited rights or Have no rights at all. Personally. I lean toward unlimited rights. I feel for instance. I have the right to do anything I please but if I do something you don't like I think you have the right to kill me. So are you going to find a fair fucking deal of that? So the next time some asshole says gee I have a right to my opinion you say? Oh, yeah. Well, I have a right to my opinion and my opinion is you have no right to your opinion then shoot the fucker walk away. How are you?