You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room.Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat Lauren. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. I am gettingReady to go on a little work trip this weekend. I'm going to Nashville and then to Green Bay. I've never been to either so I'm pretty excited. Wait, we've been wanting to go to Nashville. We've been talking about going to the hospital for probably five years. Yeah, as long as I've known you long we wanted to go to Nashville. I know so now I'm going for work and I'm super excited. So I hope I have some time to kind of go around a little bit and see what Nashville's all about. I'm sure you will my I'm actually lives there so I can tell you about all the hot spots. Yeah, I want to know I want to go I want to go to the cool spots. Yeah, you will you will that's awesome. What's up with you? What's going on man? I'm just I'm tired. I don't know if it's the weather just it's warm here in the Bay Area, which is amazing. It's also just midweek. I feel like Thursdays when I kind of hit a wall. Yeah, I think yeah, just you know having such. Physical job it takes a toll. I'm always running around doing my other job, which some of you may know is working for my family business so juggling that and then, you know YouTube podcasting and Mercury being in retrograde. I feel like it like things are good. But sometimes you know, the energy just gets a little high. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Definitely. I know sometimes especially if I feel like one weren't as we're into astrology. I don't know if anybody else has but I do feel like when like something astrological is going on like a Mercury retrograde or something. I just am like I'm exhausted. I I have like no patience. I have a real short fuse for things and feel like, you know, I know know I feel like that's how I'm starting to realize a burnout is coming on. You know what I'm starting to get a little short-tempered. I feel like I also just my sleep hasn't Hasn't been bad. But even the days when I can sleep in until 7:00 or 7:30 like not a super late sleep in but I just can't like I'm programmed to wake up at 6 now, which is just it's whatever. I'll stop whining. I know it's tired. Okay, we're pushing through. Yeah, cool. Yeah. All right. Well, should we dive into the first question? Let's dive into these questions. Okay, so the first First one I had she said okay. Sorry to put your mom on the spot here. But there's what you said. He said hi Tess. I had a quick question. My mom just told me she was going to get vitamin C pills and make her own concoction of a vitamin C serum. I was trying to explain to her it wouldn't be as effective as medical grade or a professional serum, but I'm not sure how to further explain it to her because she is very stubborn. Okay, we have thoughts. Yeah, I yeah, you you you can take this one test because okay. Sure. We'll both pop in here. Yeah. Yeah, so I think just in general. I know there's a lot of Temptation to just use what you have in your kitchen and I think it's just important to realize there's a reason we do pay. Premium for skin care and especially things like serums which are intended to have a very small molecule so that it can reach, you know, a deeper layer of the epidermis. I know it's so tempting to just you know, throw together a I don't know what's on Pinterest these days like a baking soda and lemon concoction or more like a mask or activated charcoal like all that stuff. Yeah, and I know I've said at this before but I think they're just there's a real reason not just you know, I mean just for your safety and the safety of your skin as an organ. There's a reason these things are formulated and in labs and they involve Kenneth's it's about not only the ingredient. So what is in the product like you might see some of these ingredients in your products and think oh I could just make this at home, but you know, there's a reason like there's true chemistry involves and That formulas really really matter that there's Delivery Systems all these things like this to reach the skin and Lauren. I'll let you talk to but vitamin C is just one of those really tricky ingredients probably like notoriously in skincare the trickiest type of formula with vitamin C. There's you know, l-ascorbic acid, which we see a lot and there's Magnesium scorable phosphate, which can be a little Little bit more gentle so, you know different types of vitamin C to consider as well as what they're stabilized with because vitamin C it can either be inactive by the time you get it or it can be unstable meaning it could be very reactive and usually to get the pH of the product to a normalize place where it's received. Well by the skin because vitamin C is already very acidic so to get it Place where it's you know receiving it where it's received by the skin. It has to be formulated in a very specific way and I'm very picky even with the formulas I buy so just the thought of crushing up, you know, some vitamin C tablets at home and trying to I don't without a chemistry background. I don't think this is a good plan. Yeah, I completely agree and what you were saying, I just like I did a post on this recently about I did it was a story about like, you know brands that sell a hundred percent pure l-ascorbic acid, like just selling raw ingredients. It's it's just not safe because as you don't like vitamin C is super acidic on the skin and are sort of super acidic just as a raw ingredient. So there's like you said, there's so much that goes into a product to balance the pH so that it doesn't irritate the skin so that it can be Ordered by the skin and it needs to be stable the you need to have some kind of stabilizer in there. Especially if you're going to be mixing something with water. You can't it will go rancid almost immediately. You have to have a stabilizer you have to have a preservative, you know powdered products are more stable because when water is introduced that's when you have that that instability and that's when you need to start adding extra things which is why formulating lotions and creams is so difficult because it's like a A water oil mix but without going too much into the chemistry. And of course, I am no chemist. I just kind of you know love talking about it, but it's just I think a little dangerous and it's also just not worth it. I mean if you think about what you're going to spend probably what 20 bucks on a bottle of vitamin C pills. I'm sure that would last you forever. If you you know were actually truly mixing it with something. However, it's going to go bad. You're just going to be wasting your $20 put that $20 towards the serum. That's 60. Hours and then you're going to get something that's actually going to work and isn't going to damage your skin in the process. Right and two other considerations are the type of packaging with vitamin C. I'm always looking to see that it's a dark bottle and if you're making something at home, yeah, I'm also wondering how she would store it. Yeah, is it away from light? Does it get oxidized? And the other thing to think about is, you know vitamin? These serums are really the most potent way to receive thing gradient. But even when you get into Vitamin C creams, it gets a little dicey because vitamin C is wonderful, but sometimes in these creams it really just can't reach the skin in the same way. It can provide antioxidants. But as far as really like boosting that collagen synthesis and providing anti-aging benefits. I think she would have to formulate it as a serum. Yeah, exactly. And it just also becomes a question of like how much of that are you putting on your skin because that was one of the big problems that I had when I was looking at this product that was just pure l-ascorbic acid was like how you know, the the consumer is not a chemist. How do they know how much because it was? You know, the idea was you sprinkle some of this into your moisturizer or whatever into your cleanser or whatever but it's like a how do you as the consumer? How do you know how much to use how much is safe house? Much is going to be effective. So it just yeah, I just think bottom line. It's not worth it. I think it's just going to cause more trouble than it is good. And there's like you said there's a reason that we have these companies that spend so much money in creating their formulations testing their formulations paying chemists and paying, you know, doctors and everything to make sure that it works properly if it was easy. I mean Hello, everybody would do at me. That's great, you know. Yeah, bottom line. I think just not worth it. It just just get something that you know is going to work. You're going to be a lot happier. I think in the long run. Yes, perfectly said and Lawrence post was amazing. So you guys got to check that out. We have our Handles in the show notes. Yes. Thanks. Okay. So next question was just a an ingredient label that somebody screenshotted and sent over to just basically asked our review on it or to test because it was to test but I think that we wanted to talk a little bit about this because there's so much that goes into products and ingredients and formulations. I mean just like basically just what we were talking about with vitamin C. It's the same thing for any product. There's right. There's so much that goes into it and it's just like we have of course a really great base of knowledge, but for us, it's we have to look at, you know, each each ingredient and for instance with this. This label that was sent over. It says the ingredients literally say like vitamin E vitamin C, you know organic green tea, but it's like, okay. So is it the whole Tea Leaf that's in there? When hide the vitamin C. Is it is it took a fear all vitamin E or is it a derivative of some other type of you know from something else? There's so much that goes into an ingredient label that yeah, it's sometimes it's hard to read them to be honest. Yeah, even something like hyaluronic acid there can be different grades and qualities and types of hyaluronic acids. So it's tough to just you know, I know to try to dissect what is in your skin care, but I think it's always, you know worth a Google and you know digging into things a little bit deeper and always considering, you know, The type of right brand and the sourcing of it where it comes from if it's coming from something like Amazon, you know, there's always a little bit of a risk. They're like pretty big risk, I would say involved. So that's why I always I would say, you know support a small business by from a Spa Medical Spa support them and just be ensured that you're actually getting what you're paying. Paying for I think you know, of course there are legitimate sites to trust but just looking at a quick ingredient Snapchat you wanted to highlight that there are other considerations involved. Yes. Exactly. We're always happy to help and I love reading a greeting labels because I love to just familiarize myself with what's out there. But yeah, I can be a little a little tricky and definitely worth a Google like test said, I mean there's so many good websites out there. Like I always talk about Inky decoder because Yes, they it's what I use, you know, if I if there's an ingredient that I don't know because sometimes I don't know all these ingredients that are like PE g 1 5 4 2 hex and I all I got stuff. So yeah definitely worth a Google to familiarize yourself, but I think also finding brands that you that you know, and that you trust is really good. So as opposed to having like a product from this brand and from this brand and from this random brand it's like if you find a brand that you that you know does As has good products, I think that it is wise if you're not getting professional recommendations for each product. I think it's wise to stick with a single brand because they do also formulate their products for the most part to be able to be used together synchronistically without any adverse reactions. That's a great point. And yeah, I think keeping in mind, of course, you don't always need the whole range of products of course brands are going to create a hole Line 2 and you might be tempted to think you need everything. Maybe you don't but I think yeah just so things are synchronized. It can be helpful to buy from one brand and you know, there's different acids that may work together. From one brand but when you are mixing different concentrations and kind of working across the board, I think it can get a little bit dicey. So I think that is a great thing to thing to consider the routine as a whole and how things may work together. Yeah, because it's a bigger picture than just individual products and individual ingredients, of course, and it you know, it really depends on the skin type as well sing a screenshot of an ingredient deck. You know for for one person vitamin C and vitamin E, maybe a dream team and then for somebody who's very oily and acne it could cause a problem could be a little bit too much nourishment. So yeah, all those things considered and we all learn as we go and I think even dissecting your own ingredient label is a great way to just learn more there's always new ingredients popping up that I'm like what that is that I've never had before. What was one recently that we were talking about was I don't even know how to pronounce it. Buck. Chil buck. Choil Yeah. Well, yeah and it's a it's like a plant alternative to retinol. That was I want to try it really bad. I know bioscience has a has a phyto Retinol Serum with bok choy oil in it. So I want to try it and see how it is. Yeah. Yeah. I started hearing about punctual when I worked at Credo and it was a nice alternative. For people who are pregnant because you can't use retinol when you're pregnant, but you can use bok choy, also. Yeah always new ingredients coming out. So we're all learning as we go. Okay. We'll move on to the next question. So this person says I don't use makeup on a daily basis. But when I do and try to remove my makeup with micellar water it burns in the eye area really bad any idea why? Okay, so one suggestion one suggestion I had was that there could possibly be fragrance or alcohol in the product. Yeah, that that I area is the most delicate area of the face, so Anything like that could certainly cause irritation and it really shouldn't burn that bad. So yeah, just a good little red flag to be aware of. Yeah. I to be honest. I don't get micellar water. I don't understand. Yeah, how does this thing work? I Googled it says it's a mild surfactant. Yeah, so it like binds it from what it sounds like to me. It would bind to the dirt and makeup on your skin and then remove it that way. So yeah, I think one of the things I've learned about micellar water is it is like a formula of oil and water. So you really don't want to consider it as a cleanse, which I think a lot of people kind of think of it that way as like a first cleanse but now it's really just sitting on the skin. So yeah, I'm just out of that. I just I don't know it just seems weird. I mean Sister really likes it. I don't get it. I don't totally understand how it works. I've tried it myself and I honestly did not feel like it worked out. Well Mmm Yeah. I feel like it was a big buzz word to when it first came out and they started coming out with like my seller shampoo. And yeah, and I know they have oil free versions now, so that's kind of interesting. I've actually used the Garnier oil free alcohol free fragrance free version and I can get for me. It's been okay, and I just use it around the eye area and it removes stubborn eye makeup really well, but I think this leads In to our next point, which was another question asking is it okay to use pure cold pressed. Jojoba oil to melt my makeup away and then follow up with a face wash. So basically would you recommend? Jojoba oil for removing makeup? Well, I have a lot of thoughts on this because personally I prefer on myself. I use an oil cleanser every single day twice a day to remove my makeup. But then also in the morning just for a light wash. I love an oil cleanser but Tess and I were just talking about this. I think that it's very personal. I think most people with like normal skin types or dry skin types can do really well with an oil cleanser but people who are really acneic and super oily probably wouldn't love an oil cleanser. So I do think it depends on your skin type as well as the Type of oil cleanser that you choose so from my experience. There's a couple that's out there on the market. There's an oil cleanser which is just pure oil and then there are oil cleansers that contain an emulsifier and that emulsifying agent what it does is it allows the oil cleanser to rinse clean with water? So and that's the type that I prefer. So the way you would use that as you put your oil cleanser onto dry hands massage it onto your dry skin, and then you add a little water to your hands. Emulsify the oil on your skin and then it just rinses clean with water after that. That's my preferred type because it first of all it works really well. And also I find that it rinses off most if not all of the oil and you should always be following with a second cleanse. Anyways, especially if you're removing makeup, so to me that's my favorite one and I think that a lot of people can can benefit from an oil cleanser. But again, I think that if you are acne prone or super Lee and just don't really want to risk it then another option like test talks about the what are those called makeup erasers? Yeah, then that would be a better option. Yeah for me removing oil in my routine or really minimizing. It has been a big factor in kind of getting my acne and the whole infection under control. So I'm kind of Auntie him. No oil cleanser. I know there's estheticians. Can be totally divided on topics. That's more than fine for me. I prefer like a light creamy cleanser that may have some light oils and in it as opposed to an oil cleanser just for me. I feel like it rinses more clean and that's just one thing to consider. Like there may not be proof. How do you find proof that any of these products really rinse clean, but I think especially when it comes Said that thick cleansing bombs that are really popular. I think there's more of a risk involved there. And I know Renee Rollo has talked about on her blog why she's not a fan of cleansing bombs, but just things to consider because oil as we know they can all different types of oils can have quote-unquote comedogenic ratings, but that comedogenic rating is a sliding scale. It's not black and white. So, you know, it depends on the the pool of people that they studied the effects on the skin. So if you are somebody who's a little bit outside of the norm, it could be a problem for you. So when I work with super acneic clients, and this happens on a weekly basis, we talked about the oils and their routine and even if it is a cleansing balm we talked about maybe Kind of taking that out of the routine just to see and learn and I talk about this all the time like sometimes you might need to experiment with something else if you have a feeling because as a Solutions were trying to piece together all these little pieces of the puzzle. We're like little detectives. So we're when were in the treatment room, we all put on our detective hats and especially in the skin analysis. I think this is why I don't really have any like silent facials where it's just purely a relaxing experience because I want to deliver results. Like I know that's for the most part what people are therefore I have I mean maybe like to add to 10 people who purely just want to relax and do not want to talk and that happens, but I think for the most part people come to you because they have concerns and it you know affects their self-confidence so as many things as you can piece Together for me has been what my clients appreciate like really dissecting the routine and possibly bringing up things. They wouldn't think about like, you know, what they used to do their laundry or their workout routine or Oils and the oils they use in their routine like putting that all together so we can start minimizing the risk together. Yeah. Exactly. And I think another thing to note is that the skin changes a lot. So once one of my very best girlfriend, And she has been a few months now actually remind me so I should check in on her. Yeah, she she had this like really intense break out all over her forehead area and it was just her forehead it look time. She doesn't live where I live so I couldn't see it in person. But from the photos, it looked really inflamed almost like a rash but little tiny pustules. And anyway, she was seeing a naturopathic doctor because she It was obviously something internal that was causing it because she was just so sudden. She didn't hadn't changed anything in her routine, etc, etc. But she was a big fan of oils and she had used oils for ever. I mean we used to live together and she and I would just like bathe in oil all the time. Yeah, and and so I mentioned to her because you know, she was seeing somebody for the internal aspect, but then she texted me and said like what do you think I should be doing and I recommended that she stopped using all oils because even though her skin could tolerate it prior whatever was going on internally and causing this breakout oil was making it worse. So it wasn't like it was her normal skin. It was almost like this like weird thing that had taken over her skin and oils wasn't meshing with whatever was going on inside. So once she cut out oils it dramatically helped in that time and I don't know if she's now using oils again now that she's gotten that all calm down. Probably could because like I said the skin just it changes so frequently and if something internal is causing like a breakout or whatever Orioles might be terrible for it oils make the good for it. It just depends so you can't always rely on what's worked in the past, especially if your skin has changed or there's been a change in your health or something like that. So that's just another thing to keep in mind is that just because something has worked prior. It might not work anymore. That's so true. I love that point and yeah something I realized myself like in the summer months. Typically I'll do you know my vitamin C and SPF and I'll skip moisturizer and in the winter. I need that hydration. I need a little bit more and I can tolerate more layers, which is another piece of the puzzle. I think just you know, thinking about the amount of layers and how that could be preventing oxygen from Getting to the skin so so many different considerations here. And that's why we're saying that it's like, you know, we're literally like detectives we go to school and we get this this base of knowledge and it's the same thing with your physician with your doctor. I mean, you know, nobody can you know open up your skin and look inside and say hey what's up? Yeah, you know what? I mean? So we have to kind of piece these things together and that's I think where our education and our experience really comes in clutches because you know, we've seen so so many different types of puzzles, you know, every person being a puzzle and you have to look more so at the big picture as opposed to just ingredients or certain products or certain concerns, you know, it's a whole picture thing I think so and I know some estheticians aren't as concerned with the whole picture and you know, they're there to answer questions that as they come up, but they don't get too invested and you know if there's different schools of thought but you know, I think when people like realize you really go out of your way to ask questions and get to know them and you know, maybe make recommendations for trying things because that's you know, the best way to find out sometimes I wish we could just wave a wand over the skin and say, you know, it's as simple as this and sometimes it is it could just be you know, a dairy issue or Sensitivity but most of the time I think we have to go through a little bit of trial and error. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Okay. So our next question says I've been thinking about going to aesthetic school, but I'm super nervous. I work in a call center right now and absolutely dread it. I'm nervous going back to school because I'm older do you think this will be a disadvantage that I'm no longer in my 20s? I don't think so at all. I think that you know, As somebody who I so, you know, you guys know I now work in the more corporate aspect. I work for a brand so I work with a lot of different estheticians now, so I have seen you know, I've seen interacted worked with estheticians that are super young in their 20s some that are older in their 50s and 60s that have been doing this their entire lives. And I think that age truly doesn't matter in this industry at all. I really don't think it matters at all what I think matters is Staying current and staying on top of what's going on in the skincare industry now because as we always say it's a never-ending field of change. It's always changing. There's always new ingredients. There's always new Services. There's new devices new treatments new everything all the time. So what I see sometimes are estheticians that are maybe a little older and they haven't necessarily kept up that education portion of of their And they haven't stayed current with with the new treatments and ingredients and Etc. So that can be I think a little challenging but I think that just going into it and not being in your 20s anymore. I don't think that matters at all because as long as you dedicate yourself to the education and to you know, really honing your craft then age really doesn't matter. I don't think yeah, I mean totally agree and when I think about my class it was As such my class in esthetic school, it was such a mixed bag and that was the beauty of it. And you know, some of my best friends were in their mid-30s and they were doing this now because they thought about it for so long and you know now they were realizing like this. This is what they truly want to do, even if they've had kids and this is a second third fourth career. I think it's about the intention and a lot of them had that strong. Intention to open a business, you know, once they got enough experience and if you have a that determination nothing is going to stop you also 30s. So young like you have so much so much life ahead of you life. Really? It's long like you have time. I think Gary Vee says this all the time it's, you know, feeling rush and having that lack of patience and hustle and humility. That's really what You know two tracks people from succeeding but like I myself I found this career later and I got into you know media and a corporate job at the quote-unquote normal age. But if you're not happy in it really doesn't matter if you are burnt out because it's not fulfilling you just it doesn't matter at the end of the day. So it's really just about I think, you know trying something if it lights you up. And if you're curious about it, I think you owe it to yourself to try that out. If you have the means that said I mean, you know being a traditional esthetician in a spa setting I think it helps to be able bodied and healthy and have the energy and maybe age doesn't necessarily even matter in this case because there's 50 and 60 year olds that have more energy than me, but I think it is something to consider that it can be a physical job. Yeah, but you know at the end of the day, these aren't end-all-be-all. So right. Yeah, I think that when it comes to the physicality of the job making sure that you take your taking care of yourself and Powers your pastor goes because I think that's the biggest one for us is posture as and health of our back. I think that as long as you take the preventive measures, like don't let yourself get to a point where you are in pain every single day before you do something. Take the preventive measures. Make sure you have a comfortable stool if that means asking your boss. Like hey, this stool is killing my back. Can I please you know, can we switch it out? Is there something we can do like you have to advocate for yourself and that sense making sure that you are being preventative about it and maintaining the health of your back as opposed to, you know later on down the line trying to treat an issue I think is is super important. I love that and so glad you mentioned it. We are all about self-care and the things and I do, you know weekly physical therapy appointments just because it's you know, it's circumstantial. I've been in a few accidents. So my body is not the same as somebody else's I have autoimmune things going on. So it's also personal and we're so honored that you guys even like come to us asking, you know if it's worth it to get into but I think We you know, your your financial circumstances those things like that. If you have the freedom to I say like I'm all for taking the risk. I think you know happiness really is what matters and the ROI because just making money and doing quote-unquote the standard normal thing. I don't think that always necessarily wins out in the long-term. So I think it's all about what lights your fire what you are excited to do when you wake up and I know some of you are listening to this podcast because it truly gets you so fired up and excited and you love beauty and you're so excited to help people and work with people. So I think just learn as much As you can about the industry and you know, maybe it means trying it out for a little bit going to school putting in the work and the long hours to just see if something works out. You know, maybe you don't love it as much as you thought you would but I think the risk is worth. The reward life is too short not to try it really like the you know in my ripe old age of 28. I just keep thinking like I just I think life is too short not to enjoy every single day. So I mean just the fact that she goes to a call center every day and heats it dreads it. I've been there and it has truly so draining I can't imagine so I think if you have the means absolutely try it there's no there's no harm in trying. Amen. Hmm. Okay. The next question is Hi test so I have an SD question. I had an interview and they called me back for a facial audition. Do I wear interview clothes or scrubs which is what they wear their also. I'm so nervous. When does the addition start the moment they walk in or lay down. I'm so nervous. Okay. Yeah, totally understandable. I am so I'm so nervous and interviews myself if it helps anyone to hear it's it's a situation. It's a high-pressure situation. But try to remember that these people are they probably like want they want to hire a good qualified person like they are looking to make the job easy, you know, they're looking for your qualifications. They're not looking for your disqualifications. I don't think you know what I mean. I don't think when you walk in there looking for things to fault you on there more so looking for things that align with them if that makes any sense. Yeah. Yeah and so back to the outfit question. This is I don't know if there's a right or wrong in our industry. I think you you know, you could go. Either way and I don't think either would be like wrongly misinterpreted personally for me and Lauren. I'm curious to hear what you've done when I've gone on interviews. I've dressed like I would to any other interview. I mean, maybe not something like an egg. I don't know somebody in finance or a very high corporate environment. I'm sure you dress that more and some sort of like suit attire pantsuit. I don't know. I'm not in that world, but mostly when I've gone on these Reviews, I've dressed you know, like I guess business casual is the word maybe some heels and nice pants and a button-down shirt. I feel like that Lauren. What do you think? I feel like that works across the board. Yeah Blazer can't go wrong. Yeah, so I have a couple a couple thoughts here when you're going in for your first when you go in for your first interview just sitting down and talking my mom. This is always stuck with me my whole life. She's always told me dress like you would basically if you were going NG to work there for a day, however, I know that this can be a little different for Aesthetics if you are, you know going to a place where they wear scrubs, I don't think you should wear scrubs for either portion for the for the initial interview or for the audition. So I think that for the initial interview just go in and try to fit in with their Vibe. So if you're going somewhere that's like super trendy and it's you know, a hair salon and facials and they're all really cool. Try to fit that if you're going somewhere that's very medical and very professional. Maybe like tested where I really nice Blazer, maybe some slacks that are more professional but try to fit the vibe of wherever you're going into. And then since she said she's going back for a facial audition. I have a couple thoughts on this first of all, you know, I wouldn't wear scrubs just because I don't think that that's necessary. That's not gonna reflect on you know on your performance. I would say wear something comfortable that you can move in because you don't want to be doing a facial and like rip a sleeve or not be able to do it properly because you can't move so wear something comfortable do make it professional. So if you wear like a Blazer make sure you can take that off and be able to move around don't wear sleeves that are going to get in somebody's face. You don't have mean like you don't want to go over her face and then have a sleeve tickle her nose or bracelets jingle devil in her ears or anything like that. Don't wear Rings. Make sure your nails are looking nice and not dirty. Now I think nail polish is kind of a controversial topic on some people say like, oh someone could have a nail polish allergy. So don't wear nail polish. Some people say polish them because it looks better. I don't know. I've never heard that. Yeah. I heard it like a long time ago. Somebody just a co-worker was saying that like, oh, you shouldn't ever wear nail polish because what if somebody's allergic and I don't necessarily think anyone can have an allergy to dried nail polish that's on somebody else. Plus you're not really like scratching them with her now. So but yeah, so I think just wear something that looks professional fits the vibe of the place and that you're comfortable and can move in and can perform the best facial of your abilities because you don't want to be limited just because you wanted to wear something that you know looked a certain way. So also she asks, when does the audition start the moment they lay down or walk in? I would say probably the moment they walk into the room like as soon as you if they're walking in or your greeting them. You know what I mean? Maybe I'm gonna have to go up and greet the person and take them back. That's why I think it would start. Absolutely. Yeah, I think all those cues matter and I think companies are looking for the overall picture if you you know fit in there like you said Lauren and it should I mean I was nervous even thinking about when I first started My job, but in your report and ability to talk to people if it's you know less than perfect now, I think it will only improve from there. But that said I think it does start when you walk in the door. People are Spas are looking to see that you are personable friendly. Just be nice be polite when in doubt. Yeah, and I think and personality a little bit. I know I don't worry afraid to I think a lot of people get afraid to show their personality in In like an interview setting because it is so like business-focused and professional. But again, my mom she always tells me people want to work with people that they like so, you know just be friendly Vibe with them have a good conversation just be yourself. And if you know, if they don't like you as yourself, then you don't like them either. It's not the fact that you will find somewhere and I've had experiences on both sides where You know things were good, but maybe just wasn't the best fit and I ended up finding something that was more suited to me and that I am happier. So if it if it isn't your best interview of life, that's okay. Oh my gosh, I've had interviews where I think the key thing is I've just not been myself and it's so easy to kind of black out and get so nervous that oh, man when I first started out with my first jobs, I was such a little nervous. Right you get better with time and I think the best bosses want to make you feel comfortable and you know want to take that pressure off because they know it's already nerve-wracking enough, but just have faith that the universe will catch you and you will land where you are meant to land and somewhere that sees the potential for your growth. I think that's another lunatic. They don't expect you if you are a new aesthetician and not what that's what the position. In is for they don't expect you to be perfect. They want to see potential to mold you and sometimes that's more appealing to Spas. Then, you know somebody with 15 years of experience who super seasoned and that totally changes based on you know what they're looking for. But yeah, even myself where I am now, I think my boss saw, you know the potential to make me into a good aesthetician. And she put that faith in me and I'm sure somebody will do the same for you. So just try to be yourself. You got this give yourself a little pep talk before and yeah, I think Lauren you hit on great points as far as like the outfit attire. One thing I wanted to add was probably know Denim and I would say yeah, I would say keep the interview and the second interview where you're actually going into the facial like little bit different categories. I think first time totally A good call to be you know professional and maybe wear a cute Blazer and then you know second facial maybe keep State Board in mind as well, you know dangly jewelry like Lauren said and having not long sleeves but no tank tops anything like that. Keep that in mind. And yeah, we're something that you will be comfortable in that you can do all of your movements in and you know, really put your passion behind exactly. Well said to veneer things trees lined up or was that our last one? No, that was my last one for now for now. Yeah, we love turnout. This is like my favorite type of episode to record because I just love talking specifics. Yeah, and I want to know like what do people want to know because I special I think being in this business for so long, you know things just kind of go over my head and things that I take for granted other people don't so and vice versa. So I think that I just if you guys ever have questions, please DMS because I Love them. I love like messaging back and forth or talking about on the podcast. I just I love it. Yes, me too. And I'm always Gathering them up. I actually recently filmed a QA. So it's funny Lauren you suggested doing a Q&A today because I have a whole bunch of other questions on my YouTube. So hopefully this is helpful and this way we are like directly serving you guys and your needs yeah, cool. Well, thanks everybody for listening again. Let us know if you guys have Any other questions you want us to to answer or follow-up questions. If something wasn't clear here let us know, but thanks so much for always listening and supporting us. We really appreciate it. We love you guys so much. Well, we'll see you guys in the next one. Bye.