Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on.Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good. I hope you guys didn't have it a good time. You had a good weekend home. Welcome to Pauly Shores random rant video podcast.Are it's where I randomly rant on what Bill? There's not a lot of stuff that's planned here. We do what bill just randomly rant and what are some of the topics? Alright anyways moving where it's moving right along anyways chit. Well, it's my first thing I was supposed to say Dave I forgot Fuck. Oh, yeah, you're supposed to say where people can find it. It's right. Yeah this all over the YouTube at random rant on Instagram Twitter Facebook everywhere. Yes. So Bill tell us about our beautiful female guests. We have a beautiful celebrity female. Guess. What do you think? It looks straight away and tell him what's going on? Yes, we do Christina P born in Canada raised in the valley Southern California has a great podcast your mom's place your mom's house so you don't fuck that up. Got to be straight up to the camera. It's a big star we have here State us why your mom's hand who she married to Tom Segura can wow. Wow, ladies and gentle without further Ado a beautiful female comedian that I met many years ago at the beautiful. Luxurious connoisseur. Keep it going for Christina paczynski. Ladies and gentlemen, come on out to you on random rest. Oh wait bill bill bill got a red carpet. Get down on the knees. Okay, walking down the red carpet picture celebrity celebrity where you got to stay with your mom. Everybody's here. Everybody's yeah. Wow, I think about that hot guy So Glamorous. This is its surface says it's not a satisfy actually lives, right? Yeah. It's neat because you have your mattress on the floor. Yeah, like the guys I dated before I got married, right? We're not going to talk about it. It's not talking about those guys. This is Christina paczynski. Ladies and gentlemen, she's a very very funny Community. I came to know Christina way before she got married to Tom Segura a million years ago. Yeah because Oh, I saw you first out on the scene back in the day. Can you tell us about that when we first met the Outside The Comedy Store? Yeah, it was like getting your spot right? There is my spot. I believe I was fanboying out on you because son-in-law is my dad's favorite movie. Oh, wow a vault. Oh, wow. What's your dad's name is Art. All right, what's up our? Alright? Alright, what's up art? He really likes. So you're in Labs where I was born in Windsor, Ontario. Across from beautiful Detroit. Have you been there? I don't I don't Canada's broken up in some weird Province province is Providence. It's like we do where were you born? I was born here in Hollywood. Like my whole life. Yeah. Wow, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes so you can yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was four years old, but here's the deal about her and I'll just say so Go ahead. I'm someone that's been around Combi since I was a Youngster and I remember seeing you and you're very funny. Thank you. Very fine. Whether you're married to Tom you're not made it. So whether you're married to Bill, it doesn't matter here. She's a very fun. She's the very funny very funny. Very funny. Feel good. No because you believed in me. Yeah and you were instrumental in me being at the store. I remember that is like so special. So thank you. Yeah for seeing that in the young comic. Yeah. It happened that way. Yeah. Yeah lucky for you. Yeah, she's very very very funny and she is married to the beautiful sweet. Mr. Tom Segura Guerra de Guerra So that's its kind of weird because if you think about it, there's a lot of females that are female comedians that are married to male comedians with that like, you know comedians married to male gamete wait, there's not many is what you're saying. No, there are wait who else Iliza Shlesinger or no? Wait, he's not me. That looks like my mom Natasha and then who else is their famous married couple? I think that was that I think that was a stupid. That was a fucking stupid. Because there's an edit this out. Are you this is the best part here we go cheering fuck I missed. I didn't prepare properly I messed up. I didn't prepare properly I messed up. I thought they were way morning comedians married to comedians. But I guess what bill I guess what not. I guess not go to the fucking back anyways, so so yeah. Yeah, we don't edit anything anymore. Okay, good. Yeah, there's there's very few of us. I think because it usually doesn't work because you have to egos that are generally sucking each other's Essences out. But Tom and I for some reason we can turn it off when wow which is a miracle able to shift. Yeah, we able to show people behind closed doors. I always thought it would be actually a good thing to be married to a female or for obviously me to marry to a female comedian because when you go on the road, you're not like You know you're with to you know, you do your shows you go to you know, I mean, it's like awesome. It's awesome. But it is awesome because we understand the lifestyle. So none of us is gonna be like, why aren't you home brush your hair raising your kids? You know, why are you apologizing? Why are you Pauly Shores apartment at Silver Lake in the middle of the fucking afternoon. Are you supposed to be at home breastfeeding cooking great. Thanks. So you told Tom that you're coming to see me. Yeah. He's very jealous. Yes, he's going to he said he's going to come over and take a shirt off and scream out yesterday. Why? No, but but since you're here with me, do you think he's with like strippers at some strip always but we you know, if it's a different zip code, it's okay. And as long as he wears a rubber, yeah, just so I'm totally kidding. That's not licensed. So wait, did you never date a female comic did you ever date female? Are you funny? Ladies vs. Know, I'm trying to like get the Whitney Cummings pregnant. Yeah. I think I'd be good. I think yeah, I think are you friends with her? Yeah. I love her. Yeah. Well you maybe you should because she's a watch on her. Graham in all her stuff and I don't want to say anything. I mean, I've known her for longer than anyone zone or at the store and I was she was on minding the store which was a TV show. Yes, I did 2005 but she's an old friend from from back in the day, but I see her now and I know she was on Rio which is like a celebrity dating actual on it right on it. Yeah. So so I saw her I saw her and I see her out there and she's going out these guys and now she's like posting all these videos with their dog, which is the since she's that and she's like look, Cooking I feel like she's like putting it out there but she wants to be impregnated by Alicia. Yeah, that's what dogs means. I want to get in the hell. Do you think that's what it means? I don't think so. I don't think so. Yeah, I don't I don't know. I think you guys would make great parents. I don't know anyways horrible and then and then you got you got who else do you have? You have Natasha. She's married to Moshe Kasher the very funny the two of them, but then I don't know. Well, I know yeah, I wanted and know you got you got Tommy Chong, it's Mary. Yeah, Mary to a female comedian as well. Really? Yeah. Ooh, I forgot her name, but that was her. That was his know that yeah, I didn't know that. Yeah, so so it's cool being married. So before you're married to Tom did you you're very beautiful girl. You're here. You're out there doing your show blonde girl on stage the were glistening lights hot kind of breasteses. Has the worst edited. Uh, yeah and you're out there does it and then what happens after the show when I was G ever had? Yeah. Did you ever have sex with any did you ever have to wait three seconds to answer don't answer when you were touring before you met Tom Segura and you're married and you're happily married with babies and all that stuff now, yeah, and you're on stage and you're touring you're probably in your early 20s, right mid-twenties. Yeah, and you're hot. Yeah and you're on stage and after the show guys your, you know, did they try to have sex with you number? And number two. Did you have sex with them wait three seconds what way through because I want you to think about it. No, the answer is no no, I never banged. I never Bend an audience member or a fan. Yes understand. I Tom and I started dating very early in comedy. Oh, wow. So I was lucky in that. I was Tom Segura was girlfriend back then so if someone was going to fuck with me, they knew that Tom would probably kill him. Wow. So that was you think Tom's going to kill you think Tom's gonna kill me. Just asking about this stuff. Yeah, I never been Another comic see Tom, I got it out of her bro. You should be fucking happy for me. It's probably they never banged a comedy never banged a groupie. No, no, no. No, I made out with a guy from Road Rules when I was on Road Rules. Okay. There you go. Yeah, but you know what? I'm very proud. I'm actually very Square back in the day you were because I'm afraid of catching AIDS and I steal you might get it just being nice to me. So I'm going to some places Kaufman infected with AIDS. I wouldn't have you here. Right there be alright. Are you like a walking aids molecule? Oh, that's that's me. You bring your ladies. Do you do you Bedlam here or in there's another bed? Yeah, I go back and go back. Yeah. I like it. I like it better that way. No, sometimes I like sometimes I'll have a girlfriend over and we'll stay in there in the middle of night. I got to take a pee and then I'll cut to this or day you want to cut to this bed so they could see and then I'll come in and I'll sit over on that bed. Just for fun. Just know something other second half the night. I sleep there. Well, I don't know because it's my place and I could sleep where I want afraid of intimacy. Yeah. Yeah, sometimes they want to be left alone to really yeah prostitutes are well whoa whoa, whoa, I'm not with any prostitutes. But yeah, I mean, I think regular don't most people guys don't you want to snuggle and stuff? I like a snuggle. Are you not a snuggler sometimes but then after a while like to I'd like to stay over there. I like to stay. So when so how long ago did you guys get married? How long would you guys get married? 2008 mm. Wow, it's been a while. It's been a while and we've been we were together for four years before so what is that 15 years? Yeah, and he live deep in the valley deep deep deep in the valley eight one eight eight one eight and but you're in Silverlake. So this makes you tell me of tell them what you said when you first came in here. Well everybody this is tell him what silver like is because I have a lot of trump supporters to follow. I like the people to build a countryman it out like this man the ways those up there goes my fucking thing. She's bucking wild motherfuckers shit. So tell us about what Silver Lake is. Yeah, you stay here. I used to live Tom and actually of here before we had kids I used to live here when I was cool and single and it's the hippest neighborhood. It's the coolest neighborhood. I think in La yeah and you can and there's like, alt kids and there's some you know, Gabe are dudes and leather vest ABC a leather daddy guys. Yeah, I love that stuff and then in Trader Joe and the rest. Vard the reservoir every day. Are you doing that? Yeah, I got my bike. I told around the reservoir and stuff. Yeah. Yeah, it's great. That's so fun. And it's like older and rustic e and yeah Craig, so is there any way that you would leave the valley day when a to come back to this area? Never really never do you think? Where's Tom from Florida? Oh God. No, what part of Florida? No, you don't even know where your fucking husband because this is like they're told and stuff. I understand you don't want to do this is the coolest neighborhoods. Do you skateboard and stuff? No, I just know I got down on my bike. Yeah, this is I kind of feel like, you know, Robin Williams when he was like in his Fame 52, so like Robin Williams and he was like in his 50s or 60s. He was always tooling around San Francisco in Disguise to see him when I lived in San Francisco and he would stop and get a burrito and F yeah, so I feel like I feel like that. Yeah, this is when I was like hip before I had children I lived here and you don't have sex with a hipsters either. No Mom. I'm really help no problem. If you're if you're out there listening to random answer know you're a big fan of my podcast your you Virgin Eyes your wife, bro. He kind of day I'll take you for a nice your wife know he did because here's the thing I had weight really quick. Hey Dave, are we good on our marks? I think everything's fucked up here. I'm doing my best in this new status are looking pretty good. Man, but are you cutting or you're cutting ability good or is it's good? I'm on you right now and I just got to Christina just now it's okay cool. So so so here's the deal. So we hooked up I was 28 years old. So we've been together since we were kids really so I never even made out with another male comic but I did have male comedian friends in Silver Lake and your pad is reminiscent of that twenty something year old a lot of hair on the ground usually in the But you're very clean. I'm very surprised. Well, I have my housekeeper was here. So there have a house. Yeah, I've always had a housekeeper and who designed your interior designer. Well, I just kind of take gummies and I just start moving shit around you're keeping your window open. Yeah with the effects of the think so the thing that I really like about Tom. I mean, I don't know him too. Well, yeah, he's right the thing that I really like about him when I see him he seemed so soft. You know what? I mean, like just like soft and kind of doughy face is little as little faces little bald head. You know, he's like soft. He's like sweet joining me Oh, I thought you meant no. Yes penis. Not soft like soft at heart felt soft. Like he's sweet. You know what? I mean? Like a lot of people say the opposite that he looks really intimidating and mean and angry and I think it's because the yeah, he's full of Rage like we all are yeah like he gets so then he's looks soft at me, but it's just an act. She's fucking crazy fucking crazy. Like he would stab Barista to death if they got his drink order wrong. Like that's what I'm dealing with on a daily basis. So it's kind of like that Michael Douglas movie. What is it when going down so he's following please that on a loop. Well, my husband has a favorite serial killer. Do you have a favorite serial killer? I like the guy the real fuck. What's Richard Ramirez was pretty fucking The Night Stalker because he was in LA gai. I feel like that's part of our childhood it is Art of a childhood. Yeah, did you have to sleep with your windows locked? Remember? Hey Bill. Oh, yes, you know what time it is, right? Oh, yes. What time is it right number two? We're turning up and tell her like this. All right. Here we go. All right cut cut cut. This is awesome. So it all stems from mr. Joe Rogan kind of everything away the podcast. Yeah. Yeah father is Joe Rogan. Yeah, and we got started because Joe knew both Tom and I and he was like you guys are married. Uh-huh. You should do podcast. When did he say this to you? This is oh God eight years except for the people a lot of my people know your podcast butts explain to them. Can I drink something course explain to them? Oh God, is that no, it's good. It's good. Explain it. I'm what your mom's house is and how Joe told you to so your mom's house podcast is a show I do with my husband Tom Segura and it started about eight years ago when Joe Rogan suggested we do it eight years. You guys been doing a fucking eight years. So we're like one of the early whatevers early adapters and because of Joe we started here in Silver Lake actually really now that I think about this is the birthplace. They should rename Silverlake the birthplace of your mom's house and we started it in our crappy little apartment. Moment here you and Tom. Yes, and that our neighbor would cook and just so you know every show every show podcast Studio. I was kind of prepared some some sort of food. Oh, okay. What are you making? I just got a little guacamole and chips. So these are fresh. I got this these are good. You're such a good host. Yeah, these are good these what's with the bread and the bags these what are you doing with this is one day. I'm going to have Children, I'm gonna make sandwiches or not. I'm gonna say sandwiches for my kids necessary your friend. Once you impregnate Whitney. Yeah, Whitney Cummings dude. No for real. You got to make that have financially it's going to work for both of us. That's more of a financial thing really can't even look but she's like mad at me about it. I don't know. I think she should just Embrace and I think you'd be a great father and I think you guys make a great couple and I don't know what we don't have to be married together and all that stuff, but just like my in her egg and mix that shit. You see she's very tall and slender. That's what I'm saying. You have very good looks as well. You guys are both highly intelligent. You think it could work out. Well tell like horses. Yeah. I don't like horses a lot when he likes Whitney. Does he like oranges as much as you but I just think she should stop fucking beating around the bush and try to stop dicking around. He's like exercise or model fucking guys that she fucks with she doesn't fuck model guys. Whatever. She goes. I said, I was gonna do like this is I'll be backstage in the main room. We're all back there conversing about to go on. She's like, this is Skip we've been dating for I'm like you're wasting your fucking time. Just take my semen. Let's rock and roll seriously, so go on for the joke Joe Rogan coalesce. I can't believe you told Joe. I need to take your semen. She should take it and I think dude, it doesn't we don't have time. She's getting older. Let's fucking behind in terms of Comedy to you guys would make the funniest craziest. Alright. Yeah, it's so great. Maybe really either that or really quiet. I know well now because my kids are crazy. Both of them are crazy in different ways because Tom and I are what are you doing? You can try to open this you need help let him on your help. You you need a mom. Be careful with it Jesus Christ. So this is right prepare to from my debt. Get what we don't do that shit. What the fuck are worded time. She said she do it. I didn't say she would do it. I just I don't want to hear me how you cook do you cook course? What do you really cook tell me cook anything? No. What do you think? What are you going to eat tonight? Be honest. You're going to go down to yuka's. So we're you guys I'm Los Feliz Boulevard and Hillhurst. Okay. What do you got your burritos from in this neighborhood? There's nothing that good Mexican food here. I don't know. I mix it up. There's there's a place. I'll El Condor right down the street. That's a good one. That's a good so you like a little of this stuff like a lot of heat on there. Okay, so tell me about so So eight years ago so really what what happened eight years ago Joe Rogan told Tom and I to start a podcast. Thank you Joanna he goes and where were you guys so so he called Tom because you just see me at The Comedy Store Joe and he goes bro your fucking wife's phone. Yeah, you're very funny. You should have a fucking podcast and then Tom told me and then I went what's a podcast and then Brian Red Band invited us to his house because he was producing them at the time and we sat on his disgusting couch in the valley. And we did the first two episodes of your mom's house. And that was it. We talked about drugs and masturbating and your farts and we still do it's the house that farts built. We just talked about farts all yeah, you guys do like that. It's caca. Poopoo. What do you think is funny or fart or dick jokes? Thank you. Well, I'm so excited. Thanks, bro. Yeah, I don't know to be honest. I don't really like fart. I don't really like farts. You're not in the poopy. You're on the deck. Good job. I thought you know, I got that from my mom. Why is my mom always didn't like the People telling fart jokes on the really she's basically if you're a comedian like friends with Bert Kreischer goes onstage at the store with no shirt on if my mom was there. She wouldn't allow that no shit. No no shit. So you think Burt would be the first meeting it kicked out in The Comedy Store because he's fat or because he's raised sister both. What do you think? No, I think he's hilarious. I just think that I don't know my mom. What about the do I wear fucking care? Are you pick to it's a great talking about farts. Let's discuss. What you would say to you if you were talking I thought about fights like your mother wouldn't have dumped it. What is she like what was the thing that she she was like all your other stuff. Just nice little things like I used to do the text over here coming in the morning. Oh the glory hole. This reminds me so much of my single Silver Lake. No, I'm kind of into it. I would win this close to another man 2005 really. I mean, I haven't been with another man because again, I don't know Tom that Well, yeah, I was a little concerned because I know I mean I'm not touchy feely but I know that I'm like very affectionate and I don't want Tom to think that I was doing good. You know, I think so. I've got such mom Vibes. I don't think people leave. Oh here. There you go. That's the glory hole though. Oh, if you had a penis you put your painter there. There's a girl that dishwasher. Who's your soul mate? Who's a woman? Really? Yeah, I see that what kind of woman would you have to marry to have children with let's be honest like really? Well, somebody Silly they have to be so silly. Someone that got me lets me be me. Yeah, you know someone that's not going to put strings on my mom never supported getting married. My problem is the opposite reason I stay away and get married. That's the word your dad on her from what I understand had a pretty rocky relationship, right? Yeah. Yeah, but she says that that relationship stifle stifle shows the it stifles you you don't it means what she says, that's really healthy. Well, that's I'm fucking by myself in Silver Lake in a fucking apartment eating fucking Sarita. Absolutely. These are great. These are like real chips. No my parents had a shitty thing to but you know, but okay. I see you like a 20 year old yoga instructor may be have you dated that before? yeah, you know I'm have Who's the love of your life? Did you have a good you have a big love? I had a girlfriend that I was seeing for a while, but and I did love her and I love being with her but I don't want to say she was an alcoholic you're gonna remain but she was kind of like she wet my bed and stuff a couple times. I like to see this bottle right here. This cost Amigos. Mmm. You see this right here. That's our pea. So basically what happened was is on my birthday a friend of mine gave me cost Amigos and she drank the whole thing my girlfriend drank the whole thing. That's not good. And then she said I, you know yelled at I said as a present and what Fuck and you drank the whole thing? And then she replaced it. She gave me a replacement bottle right? But then she fucking drank the replacement bottom I'm saying something like yeah, I don't want to be babysitting. I don't want to be babysitting anyone. That's no good. Yeah so much heartache. I love her. But yeah, no I hear you. And then there's also I don't trust a lot of girls and I don't trust myself. What don't you trust yourself about? Even now at your adult age, you don't you know yourself. Well, you're no longer 20 year old. you know, I think what would happen is if I If I found a girl and I thought she was the one then I would trust myself. You don't eat me that makes sense. Sure. You trust yourself to like open yourself to her. You mean no to be faithful to oh fucking. Yeah. Well, you're still all about the dick right now pussies. Really? Some guys are not meant to marry. My dad's the same way. He's just like crushing pussy since he was born can't can't commit to one. I mean he can for a while but some guys are just not meant to yeah, what was up with Ari what was up with arry? And Bert crying and asked what the fuck is that? They are a dose Bert already dosed them at a bird's house when his kids were around. I think I put some stuff in the guac. No, no, no. You know, yeah you open for me for years. Yeah. Yes. I do know that and he stole did he sell your merch and stuff. He toured with you. There will be open for me for a couple times. But I love re I do too like I love him. So what do you think is going on? Because I think it's very anti entertainment business. Right? First of all, I think he doesn't want to play by the rules. Yeah, and he's not about being political at. All, right? Yeah, I'm saying he's not about like being like hey, I'm going to touch this subject not it has won a dancer. I was like this is it right? If you don't like it fuck off, right, you know, which is very self-destructive. Yeah, right. Yeah. I hope I hope I think is really funny. And yeah, but Anyway, don't build. Yes number three dude number three it is spring break. This is the mark of her own washer and dryer set the music set that what the fuck. Why do you keep fucking going so long? You don't even know I should really talk to them. So oh my God, so that's so that's crazy. So, let's go back to jail for a second because I want everyone to know where it started from because a lot of people listening they know Joe Rogan is but he started the whole thing. He did they started I had let's break it down if he was like the grandpa. He's the guy in charge and you guys I'll sprinkle down. Yeah. So you guys started eight years ago. He told you to do it. Yeah, and how's that changed your life? I mean, it's been everything. He's been everything because now the podcasting audience is like they're so loyal so DieHard when Your city they come out like and they know you know, how many dump sites like yesterday. They know like wow. Yeah. It's so great for comedy and we do owe everything to essentially Joe Rogan and and that whole thing. He basically innovated the shit. Hmm. Like he was Mark Mark first ride, man. I think my very first and then Joe and red band believe Mike, let's get this equipment and let's just sit around and talk about stuff. We want to talk about and then this Whole thing came and how did Tom how did Tom meet Joe? Oh my gosh. Oh Tom Juan a comedy contest. It was like, yeah, it looks great like Maxim magazine or something and he was on a tree one last spot on a tour. I believe with Joe and like some other people and then I think I just became buddies. Yeah, I believe is they're very they're the same sensibility there. They've been Joe's been really good to us and really cool and kind of a mentor I Everybody and then and then Burt, how did how did Joe hook up with Bert? I don't know. You don't know and then what about Tony Tony hooked up with birth through the store. I know that right - yeah, it's always later. He's a younger puppy. Yeah, he's killing it. Yeah. Yeah, he's doing good. It's kind man. And then so all you guys kind of branched off of that and now you're just off kind of like doing your own thing and then what about acting and all that stuff because before the podcast I know you were like auditioning a lot and yeah a little different no more right kind of yeah, will you You know what it is is that the landscape of entertainment is changing so much. So for me to do some scripted thing, I do feel like it takes time away from the podcasting and stand up which is how we earn a living, you know how to react money have you ever acted before I just did a had a small part in the movie time just did countdown, huh? And I'm trying to remember them like stupid shit. Wow, so but you like acting because I love acting you you are good at acting I'm okay at it. Yeah, but you're you know You're an Entertainer. Look at this fucking place. You've got all these cameras you're concerned about angles whining. Hmm. That's your lane. Yeah, that's my thing. You make movies. Yeah, make movies. Yeah. Yeah. It's important. I was to in here. Yeah, so that's crazy machine. Yeah, it's nice, right? Yeah. So yeah, so so then as far as like other Uh comedians. Yeah support like which ones you really look I can't tell you what I'm doing. I'm sorry. I should tell them I'm friends with Angela Johnson. Nikki Glaser. Whitney Cummings. Ali Wong is my home and I love them and I want to have them over for like dinners. We talk and have dinner is because there are so few of us. Such rarefied air today is successful female comic but I like them all they're all great allies is great everybody. he realises to migrate isn't it while doing it I know it's grab some compelling it dude she's an actor if she loves acting shit yeah I just enjoy parking so much I like this uh-huh this is your thing I like this I want to be myself yeah right is this the best gig ever yeah this is fun yes you did this is really fun and then as far as PC stuff yeah do you ever because I know it's like obviously it's kind of a weird time like do you feel weird when you go to the bathroom and you see the two genders there's no you go in there's like gender-free I do I feel weird of course do you not because when I was growing up if you took a girl in the guys bathroom you'd get arrested right and now it like you know now they arrest you if you don't go you have to go in the same bathroom I know well I just don't want to go to the bathroom next to a guy taking a dump like I don't want to be with dudes dudes are nasty right why do I want that so why did they why are they doing that it's just kind of the world they don't do that like a Kentucky and shit generally take no I think that's a load Christian do we do that the what do you think what's going on? You know and then what about when you when you see what about when you see like trash cans? Yeah, and you see like put this in that trash can this and that trash can this and you just say fuck it. I don't know. What the fuck is this biodegradable. Is it not but you're gonna say no binary I know. No you recycle you live in Silver Lake you have to recycle. No, I'm a recycler. I compost I'd you compost I don't know if that means you got to put your vegetable scraps and your stuff and it dirty. I do that those mandatory ins. Why don't you give us Chris back here is broke. Yo, well, there are no that was already ran three play some music play some music bro. Wow, cut cut cut. So let's lastly talk about surrogacy. Sure. Okay. Yeah surrogates that what you and Whitney are going to do. Well know this but I don't think she's gonna want to have my baby. No. No, I don't think she's going on it. But if we don't have me and her don't have it. Yeah, which is far as surrogacy. Do you know about that? I didn't do that. But you know about what it is. Yeah, you you hire someone to carry your baby. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's great. I think you should do it. Really are you going to are you looking into it? Yes, it's a little it's a little what's the word? It's expensive. It's expensive. It's like $100,000 at least in do you trust that person? Yeah, that's the whole Thing is like if you have the baby you get the egg from here and you get your semen and then you put it in some other girl and then you don't know if that girl is not doing methamphetamines or drinking or all that stuff. But if my baby comes out to form then what bill right what happened then that's it right there. Look you just got to hear what you're stuck. Right? Why do you say stuff? That's that's the way it's supposed to be. Oh that was that was insensitive. I'm sorry. No if you have a baby with a big head and that's what that's the way. It's Gotta Be. Hold it that's that's the way it's got to be and I was thinking like if you have a baby with the big head. Yeah, I think it's kind of cool in a way because if you go to the park, you know, Pete a lot of guys like to use their dog. You don't even need for for me girls, right? You have a baby with the big head. That's what that's kind of a talking point. Yeah. It's a good job. You're like, hey, so what do you guys think? Hey Bill want to read those comments really quick before we wrap it up here Bills going to just read a couple comments. No. From are we sure we want to hear what the public has to say? Yeah here. Come on Bill. There we go right to that camera. Okay comes first. Yeah, the good ones first. No, Jessica Polly is like Bobby's adopted dead who's trying to feed him when he's already eaten ha ha preferring the last week's a pile of bodies. I just found this literally showed my wife her first Pauly Shore movie last night. He left through the entire thing and I felt like I got to introduce her to something great that she somehow it's that's nice. Thank you. It's got there can't be all positive. That's true. Well, okay, you'll say you asked me to hear this one. Keith McDonald says if Paul was half as funny as he thinks he is he would be twice as funny as he really is about. Yeah, that's too much. How many people do math for your fucking shit? So here's the part of the podcast where we kind of like, yeah get off ourselves. Yeah because both of us have People that watch us. Yeah, you know people watch you people watch me. Yep, people are going through whatever they're going through and it's good for us to help people as well. So what would what helps you get through? Whatever it is that you're going through in life. Okay, you know and then also tell them to yeah up here, right? Yeah, you know, I have to tell you. It's so morbid I think about dying every day. Well, I'm very existential. I'm very dark. I like to think about death because when I remind myself I'm going to die. It allows me to live more fully right? Yeah, because then you're hung up about this and that little thing this problem and then you go. Yeah, but I'm going to be on my deathbed right? Is it even fucking matter if this doesn't go my way or whatever, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. What do you do? So you say So you basically say you're going to die. So it makes you want to live. Yeah, make sure you dies right it remind you whatever it is that you're fucked up about. It doesn't matter dude. You're going to be on a deathbed and is it really that big and the grand scheme of things that's interesting because I came up with that more after both my parents passed same. Yeah really are both your parents pass. No, no just my mom but once she died and then my stepdad died and I was like, oh, wow, this isn't forever. Exactly. That's how that's what it is guys. So what? Me and Christina Christina. Nothing are basically saying, you know every day is a gift. That's right everyday. We're lucky to wake up. You open your eyes in the morning. You're like, holy shit. That's right. I can't blow my God. I got God gave me another day. Yeah because this is a rap at some point. We're going to get thrown into a box literally people are going to cry for a week. And then maybe they'll remember your birthday once in a while or one of your Netflix specials will pop up and be like, oh the I have to Mother inferior in the Generous Jesus Christ, you fucking we're talking about death and sadness. It's like oh by the way, check out my Netflix, but that's great. I also have a podcast called one of my mom's dad if you want to see that because I yeah and yeah, so those yeah you have anything you want to say to Tom that you have it that you haven't really said to him and how you feel about him because I'm so happy for you guys. Really? Yeah. Yeah, of course. I am. I'm happy. I'm really happy for you guys and you have To tell are you allowed to say the name your kid? Yeah Ellison Julian there and I remember your first baby. I met when I came to do your guys show Ellis. Yeah is your first one and you tell Tom what it's like to have him to have him no no come from the heart to have him in your life. What's that? Like Tom? What can I do not do feelings? You can't you better have my dinner ready? When I get home you like Roseanne and shit. That's all I want. I get me a fucking boat. Me. Yeah, I can't tell feelings probably. I'm not I can't can I get so embarrassed don't you? I want to know I want him to feel that. You know, I don't make me do it, please. All right, just come on. I love you. I love you. Tom. Your beard is very full. Like I really can't don't make me you say this to people say in front of when you're with him. Yeah, you do. Yeah, but I can't do it right now. I'm from old people commenting on the internet and I'm happy that you guys found each other. So am I like I said two beautiful babies. I'm happy you guys live deep in the valley. Thank you deep deep in the valley and I'm happy for you and thank you for coming. Thank you for having me. I'm really amazed and impressed with your whole operation. It's pretty astounding because he kisses amazed this what happens when you have a lot of time on your hands. Yeah. She come back on your mom's house to when you're ready. Yeah, I would love to get a plug this shows. So tell us what people can Find you and tell us about your tour dates is hearing. Yeah, April 7th. I'm in London London England. That's almost gone. Anyway, but then oh May 1st, I'm doing the Netflix is a joke Festival. I'm headlining the st. Regis to get tickets to La if your local and then all my dates for a Christina P online. Thank you for having me. Yeah, I like your bicycle. You're so fast. We'll see you guys will see you guys next week. Thank you for tuning in. Check me out on my Instagram Pauly Shore guys do Unplug your stuff sure. I'm at Ritchie. Tvri chw TWA V EE I'm a tester cuckoo. I'll be at the Miami Improv, May 21st and West Palm Beach Improv, May 28. Bill G. Did you lie on music on YouTube? Thank you. What's up guys DMB imagery on his Jim. Thanks so much later guys. We'll see you next time. Bye stay up guys live another day. Bye. Bye.