I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody. You may be wondering why we're podcasting and there's no new episode of the Clone Wars just yet. But the reason we are is because we are joined by an incredibly talented guest who has certainly left his Mark in a galaxy far far away. Our guest has received multiple. Emmy and Annie nominations as well as 12 BMI Awards some of his work includes. Making a murderer narcos Mexico and CSI, Miami and you will especially recognize his music from the Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels were so pleased and honored to welcome composer Kevin kiner to the show Hey Kevin. Hi everybody. Hi Brad. Hi Madison and audience. It's a pleasure to be here. Yeah. We're so excited to have you here. Yeah. Absolutely. And we got to say upfront Clone Wars is saved. It is back on Disney plus it is such an Citing time Kevin when I heard that Star Wars Clone Wars theme kick in last Friday at 7 a.m. My parents are probably wondering why I was crying on the couch that early in the morning, but low beholds. I was so ready to bring your music back into my life and these stories it was so great. So how has it been seeing the Clone Wars be back now? Well, we say mean it's been back for me for quite some time. I've been working on it for a couple of years and you know when I found out it was it was great. I don't remember the exact moment because I think we were doing Rebels at the time. So there was a lot going on but you know, once I dug in to the you know to the old themes that I'd written and stuff like that. It was just it was really fun. Really really fun for me to do. Yeah, it's crazy. Finally having the final season of this show 12 years after the Clone Wars movie released in 2008 and like you said you've been working on this series. Long time and I think I speak for both of us when I say that it would it just wouldn't have been the same if you hadn't returned to score season 7. Thank you very much. Yeah, I certainly feel that way and it's a great honor. I mean, I don't know if you know, I'm finding that a lot of fans grew up with Clone Wars, you know it more so than the Star Wars films in some cases. You know, it's really that's been an eye-opener for me. It's really speaking to a new generation. Ation of fans for sure. Yeah, and that's the great thing about the animation is it does give a whole new entryway versus something like a live-action but speaking of entryways into Star Wars something I haven't been able to find too much information on for you in particular. But when did Star Wars first enter your life like what's your history with the franchise? Because I think that's the most unique thing about each and every one of us as we have our own Star Wars story. Yeah. I mean my history was I was going to UCLA in 77 and went to see this movie. Everybody was talking about and after that I mean my first and biggest memory is how enormous that first star destroyer was or I'm sorry. I'm bad on terminology, but that giant ship, you know, and in fact, I mean Mel Brooks even kind of exaggerated it in Spaceballs, you know it but that was the experience, you know to see that. That giant giant ship and then the music kicking in. I mean it was like it was like nothing we'd ever ever seen before and you know, I think that being able just to go that far back and and to experience that that far back, you know is something that I'm really I cherish that I was able to see it and experience that odd and The Wonder of that. Cinematic spectacle the day, you know, it's just that's you can't really repeat that. You know, absolutely when you you were going to UCLA you mentions I was I was reading you actually went there originally for pre-med and then ended up back in the music world. Is that correct? Yeah, that's right. I mean, how does one make that jump? Well, my mom being a good mother understood that a musician's life was doomed for failure and poverty and so she you know, she supported me when I was young playing guitar and bands and and all the stuff I did but you know, she if you'd ever spoken to me from Junior High through high school. And anybody who asked me what I was going to do for a living. I mean I had a pretty steep at Down in that was like well, I really love music. But I know that's no life for a family and for you know, and then and so I am going to be a doctor or a lawyer and I mean that was that was it and I really didn't like law or medicine at all. I was good at science. I was good at math. So I kind of you know, I got to UCLA and I turned towards the science department and became pre-med instead of pretty law. But you know, that was those were my choices. Has yeah, I can really relate to that as an artist. It's kind of like if that's the career path you're wanting to get into the first question people. Ask you was like, oh are you going to be a teacher and you're like, well, maybe maybe not. You know what changed. My life is I Kenny Loggins came and spoke at Ackerman Union, which is like the Student Union at UCLA and somebody asked him. What it because I believe he dropped out of school as well. I dropped out my senior year. I went fall quarter. And then I had a New Year's Eve and New Year's Eve gag and in Jakarta Indonesia, and that was supposed to be a two-week gig and it turned into a six-month tour. Wow, and then I never went back to school after that. But Kenny Loggins said that he was he I think he went to UC Riverside and he was studying a counting or something like that very similar to my situation. And so I'm listening to him talk, you know, and he was he was pretty famous at that time. It was like late 70s and and he said, you know, I went back to my dorm and I realized I looked at my guitar and I hadn't touched it for a couple of weeks and he said I realized that I was spending 95% of my time doing what I was going to fall back on. And working really hard on that and you know, that's when he just bailed and being a musician. I mean that was a I gotta meet him someday because I I really need to tell him that story because you know kind of a light bulb started going off and and my mom was doomed from did John Williams when you saw that you talk about, you know, the Star Destroyer going overhead and obviously see the music and that moment in particular is very triumphant and just very orchestral and unlike anything. We had seen in such a long time in John Williams really wanted to get back to a more just more classical score for Star Wars to that also play some sort of influence on some of the work that you wanted to do later on when you got back to Hollywood from your International touring. Yeah, so I got married overseas in the Philippines and now I've been married 37 years to my wife. And I decided to get off the road because again that was not going to be any good for a family. I I could have been touring for a long time. I was doing pretty well on the road and there's there these two kind of groups of musicians and they don't really mingle very much. It's the road cats and the the in town cats, you know, and the session dudes and it because once you get called for a sec Action in you're out on the road. It doesn't matter if you're with Joe Cocker or whatever you're doing. You're you're if you're gone, then you probably won't get called for the next session that guy will probably just cross your name off the list. So I decided to stay in town and we moved to town being Los Angeles and we moved to LA to North Hollywood. We are a little apartment was 345 bucks a month and we had $100. In the bank and you know, I had to take a job doing phone sales for about three or four months because I didn't have any gigs, but pretty quick. I got a television show and and then you know, I started looking at what I really wanted to do and it wasn't just work. I mean that my first TV show was doing background music for bloopers segments. And so I'm like, well, this is fun, but I don't want to do this forever. Forever and so, you know I thought about you know, what do I really want to sound like what do I want to do? And and it was the answer was John Williams that kind of music and I bought a score in the early 80s to Star Wars and if you look at my score that I bought it's all marked up the way some people mark up your textbook or your Bible or whatever it is that's important to you. It's dog-eared. I take it to like, you know Comic-Con or whatever I show. People, you know, I studied every note that he wrote in those scores and I was just trying to figure out trying to unlock that mysterious door of like, what is this guy doing? Why does it sound like this? So being such a scholar of John Williams? What was it? Like when you got the gig to compose the soundtrack for an animated film that was going to be released in theaters a Star Wars film and at that point. Ain't you know when that film came out? It had been three years since what we thought was the last Star Wars movie came out Revenge of the Sith. What kind of challenge was that? Well, first of all I had to audition for it and that was that was a big deal. And then once once I was chosen, you know, then I met with George Lucas and Dave filoni. And the first thing that George wanted me to do was to do a new version of the theme now that wound up being what you hear today is the theme for clone wars and it's it is the John Williams Melody, but it's it's really arranged and that was a that was a really difficult task and I told George I said, you know John did this properly the first time I really didn't feel like it could be done any better and I'm pretty sure it hasn't ever been done any better than what he did. I did it differently and I'm I hope I didn't tarnish it. I don't think I did but it's that's dangerous. I mean, you know, that's that's a sacred. Taking away a piece of music and it's very dangerous playing with that and not goofing it up. I bet that was really surreal working with George Lucas like that after being such a huge fan of the original Star Wars. Like what was that like working with him and those beginning stages? Did he have kind of a really unique vision for Star Wars going forward like how to make this new thing really distinct from the original films and the prequels? He did George Lucas is a guy who loves to try to experiment. He loves to he always wants to he's just bored to death with the way things have been done and he always I mean at one time like 1/3 or 1/2 of the script to Star Wars with in Japanese. It was subtitles because you know, he got all into Kurosawa and and you know, and some of that influence remained. You know with the lightsabers and the you know, Darth Vader then the his, you know, very similar to a Japanese warrior Garb and you know Shogun or whatever it is. And so the my point I'm making is that he wanted to experiment quite a lot with the music and he didn't want me to use John Williams esteems very often. You know, he Had to save those for special moments in the show, but most of the score he wanted to to kind of have a world influence that person his concept was every planet was going to have a different ethnicity. So we would have African we would have Bulgarian we would have my in or you know different Native Americans all kinds of different ethnicities every time we went to a different planet and That for the first two seasons, I would say that really informed the music I Still kept the John Williams flavor. I think that's you know, because I studied in so much and I've also studied, you know his sources which are like korngold and Stravinsky and etcetera that you know, I feel that's part of my language that I speak in but but there's a lot that moved forward and moved. Into a different direction. There's there's a big element of the music that that changed and that was from George Lucas. It was his per his instructions. Yeah. I think that's something the Clone Wars does so well because obviously with the movies you have only 6 hours to work with them, but for the Clone Wars, you have a hundred 21 episodes that you did the music for see really good to create that sort of flavor for this new universe that we're building in the prequel era and back when you started doing Rebels you said you For want to be a what you really said many me John Williams and for you, it's just about looking at what he does and finding those little tricks. So what do you think was court for you to really take what he did honor that Legacy, but then Infuse it with your own style, especially, you know, growing up playing a lot of rock and roll and and and getting introduced to the Star Wars the way that you did. So what's like kind of the the key there? You know, there's not any one key. I often use the analogy as a guitar player when you're growing up. Your influences might be say Jimi Hendrix or Duane Allman or you know, George Benson or you know, whoever Muddy Waters like, you know, you could have a lot of different and what you do as a Young guitar player is you might learn some of their solos note-for-note. I certainly did, you know, some of my Guitar Hero's, I learned those solos note for note so I could play exactly like this solo on Stairway to Heaven, you know and think and all kinds not easy. Yeah, and you know in all kinds of different solos like that. There's a guy named Larry Carlton who I really loved and eat I learned the solo on his hit was ruined 335 and I can play every single mode of that, you know, and I played it with bands live and stuff. So that's one thing to imitate those. Cats and and to play their solos note for note. Then the next step becomes when you're doing your own solo on the song that's not say Stairway to Heaven or room 335 or whatever. You're doing some other tune. Maybe some of those licks come through, you know, maybe maybe some of those shapes that you play on the guitar, but you make it your own in the best of and all guitar players all musicians do this, you know, you can hear their influences you like. Oh, that sounds like Hendrix, that sounds like whenever And it's similar in studying. John Williams is studying Stravinsky studying korngold, you know, if you get deep enough into it at the best, it becomes part of your language and put it becomes part of you and you don't even really realize that you're kind of challenge channeling those guys, but you're doing it in your own way and and music has always evolved that way. So not only were you working with George Lucas on this series, but you were also working with fellow Star Wars newcomer at the time Dave filoni. What was it like working to create themes on this show with him because there's such major transitions over the course of the series between genre. Like you can go from Arc to Arc and they're completely different like you'll have a mystery one week and then you'll have like a really intense War Arc another week. So what was that like working with him to kind of find a style that fits? Each Arc over the course of so many seasons with such variety. Yeah, I would have to give Dave a lot of credit. If you like the direction the music took, you know, especially as the seasons go on Dave was his father loved Opera and he was raised going to operas and he's really knowledgeable when it comes to to music. He's not a musician per se but he's extremely knowledgeable about music and he Has ideas all the time that are way deeper than almost any other director I've ever worked with and I've been doing this for 35 years. So I've worked with a lot of dudes and and they've also Dave and I kind of have this shorthand that we you know, all the producers who have come and gone and you know over the years last 13 years at Lucasville. They all kind of we'll talk about you know, the way Dave and I speak to each other because For a little bit. I don't know like twins or whatever. We do you finish each other's sentences. So it's pretty cool to have that connection. He's really a great Visionary in very similar in the way that George Lucas has a great Visionary. They've really knows his characters. He really he gives me all the right instructions. You know, he doesn't say make the Isaac like this movie. He doesn't say it make it Angry do anything like that. He doesn't give me any he just will tell me what the character is going through what the backstory is. You know, what ahsoka's demons are that she's trying to purge at a certain time or you know, and and those are those are the things that I need to know because it's my job to put that into musical terms, you know, that's that's what I specialize in. So the best he can do is inform me about what is good. Going on and what the music should be saying? It's pretty incredible that we've had him learn from Lucas and carry that through and specially in the off years when there were no film. So when the Clone Wars comes to an end, obviously at that point your work wraps up, but then he invites you back to Star Wars Rebels. So I'm sure that must have been a really great honor for her for you to really think about the fact that he wanted you back because he probably figured that the score for this next Generation would be just not the same without you. So what was it like getting to go back to? Bubbles and work with Dave on that and and also, you know, how did that process of the music and Rebels differ from the process throughout the Clone Wars. I think they kind of evolved in different ways. Yeah, they do. So whereas, you know, George had very specific instructions and we kept those instructions all through throughout clone wars that that we don't use a lot of John Williams is themes and we use them when they're really important and that way they don't get worn out and when you hear the force theme come in it gives you Shivers because you haven't heard that for a while and that's what I really love about Clone Wars. In Rebels, you know Dave was like this is a musically this is a clean slate. We're going back to the old popcorn movies and to the Blockbusters that Star Wars and Superman and ET and all those films Indiana Jones. All those films were and so we really studied episode for you know, and and five so we studied A New Hope and Empire Play quite a lot. And we one of the things that we came away with right away was that there was way less Music In A New Hope than you thought because you know these days a lot of films are scored wall-to-wall every single minute of the film has music in it. If you watch A New Hope, there are long long scenes where there's no music and our memory is like that probably had wall. All to all music and we just think of it, you know, but so we were very strategic in you know, and Dave's like hair. Let's let the sound effects carry this we just have dialogue right here or let's do this fight with lightsabers. Let's just do it all sound effects and and then the music comes in when we see dark mall or something little Dennis, that's fantastic because the music will add something if the music had been going all through this fight and then Darth Maul comes in and even if I change tone or I change Tempo, it's not nearly The effect that what that had has when there's been no music before and the music starts up when you see this character, it's a radical effect that it has on the drama. You said that a circus theme was the very first one that you composed when you were working on the Clone Wars. So what was it like to get to revisit her theme years later and kind of develop it alongside her character as she grew so much over the years. Well, I mean, that's okay is very close to my heart and I've actually written three themes for her if you listen on the 2008 soundtrack, there's a there's a queue on there called General General loathsome / Ahsoka in about 12 seconds in there's one of us. So because themes and about a minute 16, there's another that I call ahsoka's Victorious theme. And one of the cool things when we knew we were going to start on season 7 is I went back and and and started just studying like what themes I had written and what they were because I'd forgotten some of them and forgotten about them. I'm and I written a tremendous amount of Music had now I've written probably very close to a hundred hours of star warm youth Star Wars music, but anyhow, so You know, I kind of revisit it and then I'm like wow, there's these two other themes of the sulcus that I don't ever use. So so I use those a lot more in season 7 and I'm pretty you know writing for her and and especially her main theme which is played on the alto flute which is a slightly larger flute than a normal flu that everybody is too but it's you know, that's very close to my heart and I I'm so I'm so pleased that it came out well because that one that's another one you could eat all your first theme that you write could really better be decent or might be in trouble. Yeah, I think her things really incredible and I actually think my favorite musical moment and all of Star Wars Rebels is when she confronts Vader on malachor and you get that amazing musical. Yeah, right you get that amazing musical call back to when she leaves the Jedi at the end of season 5. It's kind of like an interior echoey version of that and I thought that was brilliant. Yeah, thank you so much. I it's neat to be part of the cannon. You know, it's really really neat and to be able to have a moment like that where I know the fans and myself are going to go. Yeah, there's a Socastee Darth Vader what? Could be better. I mean that's that's pretty fun. That's that's that's a pinch me moment. For sure. I don't know if I can stay for Madison or not. But Ahsoka leaves itself is also something that can always give me a good cry every now and then when the emotional hours kick in when I'm watching Clone Wars. It's such a such a great moment in that serious. And it's I think it's truly what it is because of the music. Speaking of some other characters as well that are fan favorites big big addition. The Star Wars Rebels was was Admiral thrawn and I think this is one of the strengths of rebels is that you mentioned you went from those sort of A New Hope themes and the beginning and then as the series progressed you kind of made your own new themes with it like a thrawn and something like into the star cluster which is just completely mind-blowing stuff like that. So that's all guys that one. Yeah. Yeah, thanks. Thanks. What was it like to now take a character who had only ever been in books translate that onto Screen through music and give fans who have wanted him for so long something to really rally behind. Well, first of all, I have to give credit where credit is due bronze theme was written by my son Sean kiner and he's contributing a lot in season seven and he contributed quite a bit in Star Wars Rebels as did my younger son. So, you know, I like I said, I've been doing this for 35 years and I think it's really easy to burn out, you know, after doing a hundred hours of Star Wars music and part of what keeps me fresher are my two sons working with me and it turns out they're pretty dang good. In fact we did and we did a movie not all but some cues for a film called Ghost in the Shell and There was a scene that I wanted to score and Shawn and Dean my son's they wanted to score it as well. So I'm like, okay. Well, we'll just both do it or all three of us and and we'll just see what happens. And so we submitted both versions mine and theirs and you know, I think it was Paramount or whoever the studio heads. They picked my son's version so they can and and and that's really gratifying it. And the other thing is, you know, thrawn's theme is a fan favorite. So, you know, it's not just me being a proud Dad saying yeah, you know and giving them a gig through nepotism or whatever. They're they're really talented cats and and the other part of Thrones theme was the idea for it to be on a pipe organ was Dave filoni. She's so pretty much all I did in that circumstance was not my head and said go for it guys. They had the idea for the Argan then my son wrote it and I'm sipping Mai Tais on the beach or something. I'd write but I did write this guy did write the star cluster one. So yeah, you like that one. That would that was me. Yeah, I think what really works with Ron's themes it really it really paints his calculus calculation and strategy just the way that it's so like that organ is just so perfect. Ed we're just so happy that we got that music or for those final seasons. And so thank you for that. And thank you dear Sons as well. The Apple doesn't fall far from the tree. So I'm sure they're going to have a very good career as well. Yeah, I think so. So some other work that that you've been on so in the interim between Rebels and the Clone Wars coming back you've worked on. A few things I myself am a huge narcos fan. So when I saw that you worked on season one of narcos Mexico that score is just so good. That shows great. So and you also worked on making a murderer which is obviously a huge phenomenon for quite a couple years with the two seasons. What is it like to do some of this other work outside of Star Wars and especially to be a part of something as big as making a murderer that we the whole country was just binging through and it's really put your stamp on that and pop Culture. Yeah, you know, it's I don't really think about it except when you guys like you to tell me that a part of Pop Culture, you know, I need I I I kind of I've been blessed with a lot of work. I write a lot of music almost every day and I've always just sort of put my head down and taken the assignments that are in front of me. I will tell you making a murderer. Are you know when I watch that before I did the music I you know, like all of America. I got really angry and I think that really helped inform the score because I really really wanted to do justice to that to that. It was great documentary. The cool thing about it is is you know, the concept with that was to be super minimalistic and really guitar-oriented and bunch of Stringed instruments in the same with narcos and that's just good for me to be able to not do one style all the time. That's one of the things I'm most proud of is that I think I have a really wide range. You know, I can do a lot of different styles pretty authentically and and it's just again it's a way of staying fresh because you know Brand new sound it's brand new project and it just is great for your creativity when you can really stretch and Branch out like that definitely. So after having kind of a break from Star Wars for a while to work on a bunch of other things. What was it? Like when you found out that the Clone Wars was coming back for a final season. How did you react, you know, I've been asked this quite a lot and I unfortunately don't remember. Over the exact moment. I think I was scoring Rebels at the time and they filoni sort of mentioned like oh, yeah, we're going to do Clone Wars. I I mean, maybe it was II notoriously have the worst memory on Earth. And so maybe it was like a big announcement and I fainted or something. I don't remember the moment exactly. I'm sorry to tell you. Oh, no, that's okay. It sounds like kind of for you it never left. You know, if you found out while you were still working on Rebels. Yes kind of like it was always there like you knew that next season was coming. Yeah. Yeah and but you know, we change things up a lot, you know, we're scoring Titans and Doom Patrol for Warner Brothers. And those are to live action DC Comics base shows and those are super electronica. Now I done electronic music before for CSI Miami for 10 years. So it wasn't foreign to me but you know, electronic music had progressed for quite a lot and you'll find elements of that because they Fulani was really into a to you'll find more electronic elements in season 7, especially as the episodes go onto our episode 5 6 7 8 there's more electronic there never overbearing but That's definitely one of the sounds that's new to the Star Wars palette. We're definitely Beyond excited to see what's left and the season and we can't ask you what's going to happen. If only we could but we know we know we know there's big events coming up and we're so excited to see what those scores sound like for these these Monumental events that we've only ever heard of. So again, we were just so happy that you're back. I noticed you change the the outro music actually a slightly you tweaked it a little bit for the Clone Wars is that Was there any decision behind that but it sounds a little bit different last week? Yeah, I think you'll find and I don't think there's really a spoiler but you'll find depending on what happens. I think you'll find some big surprises on both the intro and the outro music as the episode Ah, that's exciting. That's exciting and something happens where maybe we don't do a theme at the end for some reason. I don't know. Ah, Something Wicked This Way Comes. Well, that's why I think that is a great transition before before the mouse comes in. So we're going to wrap it up here with some rapid fire questions for you Kevin and this is something we like to do just to keep you on edge and and really get to know you and a quick format. So first thing I want to ask you about so Rebels we have season one. We have season two. I know many of us are desperate. We would we would eat it up as soon as we we had it for season 3 and for those soundtracks and so many people love those scores especially for things like the world Between Worlds and and twin Sons so many great events that happen in those seasons. Are there possibly any plans to to release those at some point because I know the fans are begging for it there. There are not any concrete plans at this moment, but I've heard Rumblings I did a signing of some There's a new release of a movie. I scored in 1992 called Freight and they released the vinyl for that and I was signing the vinyl copies and the guy from Mondo Records Was was talking saying that he just spoken with some of the lucasfilm people. So I believe you know, there's a chance that it might come out on vinyl and mondo I would Really, you know send in your cards and letters shit out to either Mondo or to Lucas fell more Disney. I don't know who who yeah gets the finally Greenlight these kind of things but I think that's a possibility. That's awesome. What will send them anywhere there's definitely a huge rally cry in the fandom right now. So stay tuned for that. Hopefully. Yeah, that's a great record company as well. Wanda is really a great record company. So our next rapid fire question is is there a certain character or thing you really loved writing music for whether it's in Rebels are the Clone Wars at that you were particularly excited to see on screen. Yeah, I would have to say you know, a SoCal Yves. Like everybody was you know, one of the greatest things I've ever been a part of in terms of music, you know, there were a lot of really cool scenes again, you know Ahsoka battling Darth Vader. Yeah, big moments like that 5c even back in the Clone Wars, you know. And when he was dying. The into the I forgot all about the end of the star cluster thing with Zeb that was those are some really funny moments. It's funny because the fans seemed to pick them out and I've kind of forgotten about him. I'm just like, oh my gosh. Yeah. Those are great. Yeah into the star cluster just real quick. I think that was one of the most unique for me it is probably in one of my top 10 or Top Five Star Wars theme. Like out of everything it is just so unique. It is so mind-blowing and like just melts your brain in a way that you don't expect and just seeing the lasats and that goes so good. So good and the effects to along with its great. So our next question here, if you could pick any other character in Star Wars that you could write a theme for that you already haven't who would you choose and why? Paul that I haven't written a team for and this can be across anything books animation live-action TV Yeah, I mean I would have loved to written. 'race thee but somebody already got that and he did a pretty good job. So yeah, you know, I'd love to get I think I'd love to have my own shot at Luke Skywalker a theme for him specifically, but you know again, that's kind of In the past in this been done, but no I yeah, I think for the most part I've gotten to write for a lot of really really great characters. One of my favorite things. I've written was a Love Theme between Obi-Wan and Satine. Oh and guys. Yes. It was one of my favorite Melodies. So now I've gotten to do some some pretty fun things. So speaking of some of the live-action characters is composing music for live-action Star Wars something you'd like to do in the future Yeah, of course. I mean, I don't think there's a film composer on Earth that would say no to that question. So yeah, certainly I would love to do that. You did compose music for narcos seat Mexico season 1 which star Diego Luna and there is a caste and and or series coming out soon. So who know Meg did the dog? That's my fan fan for you from your lips? Back in 2014. We took a tour of your studio and a video on starwars.com and you showed us this giant collection of instruments that you had over 60 and and you mentioned that you know, your wife thinks that you're collecting way too many and you joked about it. You showed off a couple of one a couple instruments that were pretty cool lookin. So what's like one of your favorite instruments that you've collected over the years or one that you can't leave the house without you know here I'll show you You know, I'll just pluck it a little bit for those on the podcast. I its Abode guitar. It's called the guitar V ol I'm using it a lot on the city on a hill with Kevin Bacon, but and it's supposed to be bowed. I'm sorry. I don't have my bow with me but it's it's got Frets like a guitar and but but you both. And Owens really hard actually, but it's really expressive. I really love this instrument and I have I mean the guy who invented them is, you know, pretty close to my house in Santa Clarita. And I think I have four of them now has had three. Yeah, I have four of these and I I don't I use them quite a lot. It's really cool to be able to go and have that expression. Yeah. That's awesome. It has a a really great sound so last question here. It's a deep one. What does Star Wars mean to you? To me personally, it's just I mean, I guess it's you know, it's cliche to say what an honor it is. It's something that I dreamed about, you know in the early 80s, it's the kind of composing. I always wanted to do and you know, like I told you I studied it really hard. So being able to compose Star Wars. Music is just the you know, it's it's my dream come true and it's in it's something that I've I've always been a goal of mine. So, you know, it's a goal that I've I've met and that I continue to meet and I still love doing it every day. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah. What I can say to you is I hope we hope we continue to hear your music and your themes throughout the Star Wars universe. And this season our Clone Wars am beyond because it's definitely left an impression on many people and there's just such a huge following for animation and it all means a lot to us. So again, just thank you for your work speaking of all your work to Kevin kiner.com is your website, but besides that for our listeners to go check out and see what else you've worked on and also hear other themes of what you worked on. What else do you have coming up that our listeners should know about well, we're starting season 2 of do. In control right now, we finish season 2 of Titans and we'll be starting season 3 of Titans and a little while just starting on season three narcos, Mexico. And yes that you're back. Yeah, that's really awesome. And also I really love City on a Hill that was an audition as well that I was really Lee stump that I got and I think the music's really unique and City on a Hill it's you know, it's takes place in Boston and it's about a lot of the corruption that that was in Boston a certain period of time and I think I really kind of go against the grain sometimes and don't play the expected kind of cues, and you know, I use this acoustic instrument. A lot and it's just I'm really proud of that score as well. Fantastic. Well, I'm sure many of us will go check out your other work. Especially narcos got a plug that show because it's my favorite got two more episodes Kevin. So I'm catching up slowly. You know, I was a fan of narcos for the you know, the first whenever I would finish with my wife we'd be binge-watching at I be speaking to my dog in Spanish all the time. His his name. And also I looked down I go senior Darcy que pasa. Can I just say that's a perfect name? I love it. That's so good. He's a pug. Yeah, he's extremely ugly. So that's a joke is that he's the you know, because he's a handsome love interest in Pride and Prejudice. Oh, that's fantastic. Well, Kevin, thank you again so much for joining us on the last missions. We are so appreciative and honored to have you on the show and Again, we are so looking forward to the rest of your work. And the season of Star Wars the Clone Wars. Yes. Thank you so much. Thank you both very much and May the force be with you always. Hey everybody. Thank you for listening to our interview with composer Kevin kiner. It was such an honor to have him on the show today and we were just so excited to share this interview with all of you loyal last mission listeners again, you can find his work at Kevin kiner.com and he'll also be releasing new soundtracks for the Clone Wars season 7 on Spotify similar to what was done with the mandalorians. So make sure you check that out. You can listen to the bad batch theme which is up on Spotify right now. It's a great theme so I would highly highly recommend Now Madison where can our listeners find you in the doing talking podcast, you can find me at doing talking.com and you can also listen on speaker iTunes and YouTube. My channel is Maddie's solo and you can follow doing talking on social media on Facebook Instagram and Twitter at doing talking pod. I also have a patreon. So if you go to patreon.com slash doing talking you can find all kinds of cool audio commentaries for the Clone Wars and patreon exclusive episodes there. I just did one on the project luminance news. So check that out fantastic and ask for the friends of the forest podcast. You can find us on Twitter at friends of force and you can also find us on Instagram. We have a YouTube channel as well. And we also have a patreon at patreon.com slash Friends of the force. We just released our Darkness on umbara commentary. That was a lot of fun to record. Thank you to our current patrons all draining Rose Neal Lowery real farm boy. Michael cons and T Rachel and Cheryl and See, we already part of the Star Wars escape pods Network, which aims at promoting positivity and these Star Wars fandom. So again, everybody this was a lot of fun. Hopefully, this is not our last interview here on the last missions. We have a few dream gusts in mind. So who knows the sky is the limit we had Kevin kiner on the show. This is exciting. So we are so excited. We hope you are all excited and Madison. Yes, take us out. begun the Clone War has