Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner.Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here. I would love to know I actually like I've been crushing it refers to take. Wait, who are you? Um, I am a young christian single woman. Hmm, and I feel like I've been a healthy spot now and I'll tell you why Laura. Yeah love to know for the third time. I traditionally have put my identity and success. mhm, and in dating and Growing up. It was more success. It was very much an achiever. That is in fact my number on the Enneagram 3. I love it. I agree. I'm so much and so I was blessed. Our than a Christian household that were just so supportive and so affirming as well, but I think often I like Equivocated success to like fulfillment and obviously Christ can fulfill you so then I had to high school boyfriend's let's call him Bob and Tom both great guys. Not the ones. Yeah the one that's the one that I get to college and I'm still like kind of success driven, but that I really come into my own and dating and this is so your girl was dating. Yeah, man roster. She would not endorse. I'm not saying that's a good thing. I'm not trying to glorify it. I'm just saying cat was young and dumb and so on this man roster. It was like it was just the starters. It's like maybe about six and you were only like kissing your star players and I wanted to and then maybe you're like texting the rest of them right now not exclusively anything. Yeah some and then sometimes I throw out the roster and like date a little more seriously. So yeah, it's definitely been putting my identity not only in success as like very studious as well. But also boys and so that was magical but there'd always always, you know, a Christian and continue to grow and mature and Started growing and putting my identity in Christ instead of in these two things so fast forward. I moved out to LA and start pursuing acting and that was great start already my heart getting checked on not putting my identity in size because just try pursuing an arts career and specifically one that can take 10 to 20 years to be a working actor and you're quickly like this cannot be my sense of self. I cannot try to feel fulfilled in this or feel like Makes me enough just like in casting it's just saying that pick you on every little thing like it could be, you know, the way you smile isn't right and it's like how do I fix my smile? It's just ridiculous. And so gauging off of that. It's impossible to ever find like success. Yeah and our security and that totally and should I think only God can provide that sense. So ya gots hard work on me early since we moved to LA on that and then I kind of It for a hot minute back to like dating a lot because I've lived in the no Arts District and this little bubble really is also was this when you first moved here? Yeah. So like everybody starts out know how I swear. Yeah. It's like where you start? Yeah, that's where you start and people are just I don't know if they're just thirsty or just a young artist. But like then we just asked you out of the street and I'm sure and 10 times out of 10. They didn't end up being able to share Faith. Yeah, not a reflection on them at all. Just know that something I want I'm going to share that with so I was like I can probably only start dating people if I know right you can have that so then I didn't take a lot. I did a couple people in the church setting but one thing that God really grew me and during that time was when I like slow the roll on dating and was dating or intentionally. was getting over a fear of vulnerability which is essentially a fear of rejection and let me tell you our Hood. I like I'm an open book and I am yeah, but when it comes to dating a little private and I can be like An ice queen. I'm like no one penetrate Ste. I can get hurt if you're vulnerable and I can also be very pragmatic where like I had a roster and I'll be like they look great on paper. Let me compute know. I don't know how strongly I feel but I shall give to try their check all the boxes. Yeah, so growing in that I'm like so much you have to throw out the checklist. Yep, as long as you the most important things. Hmm and Growing and not being an ice queen. Yeah, let it go. Let it go. I'm sorry. I'm so not all bad. So I had always had this thing where my greatest fear, I think on some level as cliche as it was was having someone that I really like not like me back right has that happened. Here's the thing. I think yes. Yeah. And so I was like, no, it's good. That was me reverting back there for a second. Yes. It has and it was amazing because up until that point. I had I think people that had crushes on that maybe didn't feel back but it was never in like a dating situation where was like explicit and before that. I usually been the one to end things or it was just like very mutual. And so I have this person I was dating and they were the ones that ended it and it was so good for me as far as like growing and realizing the sphere being met and God being like you're fine. Like I don't piece I was like, oh I'm fine and it was like this is Amazing moment where I think up until that point because this had been my greatest fear little ply which is terrible. I had been not fully myself and dating situation, right? So I've been trying to be the best version of myself version of like virgin but whatever that too and I was such a friend thing. Where now I'm like, yeah, this is me. Yeah, you know and so long story short God's really grown me as far as Resting my identity in him because I truly believe he's the only one that will ever make me feel enough. Yeah, and also in a very good place to feeling convicted. I also had a relationship out here. My timeline is getting all jumbled out here now, but I did have a relationship out here with this amazing person will call him ID Ed and Ed was just this wonderful, man, but For different reasons it wasn't going to work out I think so. I broke it off but looking back. I think that it wasn't something where like Faith would have a line where we could have shot and just knowing that something I want. Yeah moving forward like being very sure of that throughout my experiences out here and just a quick shout out to our church. I've dated like two or three people in our church and all of them have been amazing about regardless of what happened, right it just being this like, very easy thing of still being friends, and I'm so thankful for that huge because like that could that's a very like dicey thing to navigate and like knowing that the people of our church are mature enough to be able to be like, I understand like we're all there's a bunch of single people in our church there is and for them to understand that other people are like looking to date and and for the right reasons and then if one like Endeavor with some Buddy doesn't work out but you can still be friends and maintain that Community is so important and the fact that that's been reciprocated by like by you and the other people involved. It's I mean that's huge. That's just a testament to the love and understanding and forgiveness in this and not every Community is like that so the fact that we are lucky enough to be in a church that we have. That is awesome. I we are hashtag blessed. We are hashtags. I'll just say I love how learn I were talking about. What we hope other people can get it from our perspective is where we're coming from backgrounds is not to beat a dead horse. But I'm hoping to other people who maybe have had similar experiences of putting their identity at least partially and dating in the past relationship can identify and grow with me as I'm like, you know, that's always yeah. Yeah trap, especially in our culture but Just resting in the present Place. God has you either single or in a relationship that ultimately he's the only source of fulfillment and thing that can make you feel enough and worthy and oh, yeah things yep a great So, that's its completely awesome. Cat those beautiful. I love talking with you. Awesome. Yay. All right. Thank you guys for listening and we'll see you next time.