A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects work, right, which is why when you see him you refuse to believe it a dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. You don't want to believe in him even as he Tears you down the Moonlight glinting off his fangs. You don't believe in the Michigan Dogman. But as he charges you realize it doesn't matter. These have always been his Woods. You are merely an interloper here. He doesn't believe in you. Welcome to haunted places a podcast original. I'm Greg Paulson every Thursday. We take you to the scariest eeriest most haunted real places on Earth and share their stories. This episode is part of our urban legends Halloween special every day for the month of October. We're presenting our spooky spin not an urban legend then diving into the History of the horror like it or not. Each terrifying tale contains a grain of Truth. You can find episodes of haunted places and all other Park Castor Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts just stream haunted places for free on Spotify just open the app and type haunted places in the search bar at par cast. We're grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. And if you enjoy today's episode the best way to Help is to leave a five star review. Wherever you're listening today. We investigate the legend of one of the United States. Most talked-about Cryptids prowling The Forest of Wexford County in the northern part of Michigan's lower Peninsula. This bipedal canine creature has been cited every 10 years since the late 19th century known for instilling Terror in both Lumberjacks and hikers. The Sinister dog, man is a staple of the community and though it's hunting grounds are well known its origin remains a mystery. The Cryptid is a creature whose existence has been suggested but has never been proven famous creatures such as Bigfoot the chupacabra jackalopes the Jersey Devil, but there are hundreds of small local legends that haunt The Backwoods of the United States the dog man began as a local Legend in northern Michigan, but the creatures influence has grown to include the entire State. He's got fanclub's a rap song. And enough sightings to make his own playlist on YouTube. It's obvious why a man with the head of a dog would make an impression but the dog man hasn't even more distinctive feature. He appears once every 10 years ever since his first sighting in 1887. The forest was dark, but the men knew exactly what they saw. It's terrifying appearance was too outlandish for them to have simply made up. Julian loved his work. It made him feel like a giant slayer strolling around the woods with a sax shaping the forest itself as they chose which tree to bring down. Well many former Soldiers made their way out to California or the Great Plains following the Civil War Michigan was as far as Julia needed to go to find a home. He and his partner Sam didn't even mind being alone all the time. It made the work easier. They could laugh and joke as much as they liked. There was no one around to complain. Most nights Sam did the cooking pushing beans about on top of a fire some salt. Me too. If they were lucky then they'd clean the pot with water from the nearby stream and curl up to sleep in their small canvas tent it was standard issue from Julien's time. The Union Army just tall enough to fit a small cots on either side of the entrance true luxury. Sam choked the noises began late one night. The king then a clacking as if something massive was moving through the woods Julian did his best to remain unflappable. They were far from help but the larger animals generally let them be a black bear or to wander through the camp every now and then but they were more frightened of The Lumberjacks than Julian and Sam were of them. Then the cries started it was infrequently at first soft yet sudden enough to bleed into Julian's ears as if from a dream, but he could tell Sam heard it to a wailing screaming bark somehow both child and monster. It happened again. And again the two men searched for each other in the darkness. Wondering what to do. Were they supposed to help such a creature? Could they their Lantern was no longer lit, but had been burning only a few hours ago. If it knew they were there. Why did it not attack? It was getting closer. Julian could feel Sam's questioning Gaze on him, but he didn't move a muscle watching the walls of their 10th Ripple in the night air. Closer, it came out of the corner of his eye. Julian could see Sam's hands were shaking Sam hiss to his friend begging him to think of something they could do before the monster was upon them. It was right outside the tent now waiting Sam opened his mouth to speak catching the movement Julian finally tore his gaze away from the tent flap his hand darted out to cover Sam's mouth. He glared At His companion praying. His message was clear. Stay quiet Sam knotted nervously rocking back and forth a little in his cot. They waited listening for the sounds of breathing or crying. As the night grew colder and exhausting took them they began to wonder if it had just been the wind. But when they emerged from the little tent the next morning the pre-dawn light revealed Devastation, their campsite was torn to shreds pots were thrown aside supplies crushed Sam suggested. It might be best to go back to town find logging rights for a different patch of forest. But Julian was resolved to stay. He had been awake all night thinking about what they should do. He told Sam is plant the next day as they worked. They would wait for the creature. They would trap it or kill it and then they would be rich and famous. Men. Sam was taken aback. He remarked the Julian had never seemed to be interested in status or riches. He seemed content with Sam's admittedly poorly made meals and their meager existence Julian knew his partner was And he told him he would be all right, it would be just like hunting any other Beast. That night Julian insisted on leaving the Lantern on the light would attract the creature he explained while he and Sam waited in the bushes beside the tent Sam squirmed uncomfortably on the wet ground muttering something about wasting oil. So they waited. and waited And waited in spite of himself. Julian was nearly falling asleep. When he heard a snarl a cry from Sam cause Julian's eyelids to fly open. He sprung up his Winchester aimed squarely at the dark shape that was circling their empty tent he got a shot off and the creature started running Julian followed leaping over logs and rough. Terrain. Sam could only call. Him terrified the dark shape stopped short digging long yellow claws into the wet ground. It reared up on its hind legs and under the Moonlight. Julian. Finally saw the thing. He been chasing a massive man covered in pitch black fur slick and oily with some substance. Julian did not recognize the body moved like a person but ahead was all Monster High pointed ears long canines snout saliva, glistening curved fangs. It was only then that Julian remembered he had a weapon. He got off a wild shot but the dog man barely seemed to notice Julian stumbled backwards falling to the ground sure. This was the end. He tried to say his prayers one last time. Something grabbed him around the middle dragging him back and away from the advancing shape Sam yank Julian to his feet and they ran and ran and ran past the tent past their horses and carts all the way to the main road. They could hear the Beast behind them every step only when they reach town did the heavy breaths leave their ears. Sam suggested it was time to find another line of business Julian agreed but they held onto the logging rights. Perhaps they could keep the creature in the wilderness away from people but cities grow people explore and so do monsters Coming up. We see a werewolf adapted for the modern world walking through the streets of Detroit in the rain and he's hungry now back to the story according to locals the Michigan Dogman made his first appearance in 1887 attacking to Lumberjacks as they went about their work in the forest surrounding Wexford County the two men barely escaped with our lives and told anyone who would listen That those woods weren't hospitable to any right-thinking man. But five years went by then five more then there were a few reports of an ominous dog, man waiting at the borders of towns or beside fishing boats on Lake, Michigan 10 more years past followed by similar sightings another decade another sighting a wolf standing on his hind legs was seen outside a bar. Our or by a river. He seemed to be getting closer bit by bit. Cassie had left Wexford County as soon as she could she'd never been a country girl despite where she'd grown up all she wanted was to live in the big city surrounded by buildings and people rather than dark trees and wild animals her Lumberjack ancestors would not approve, but she did not care Detroit wasn't exactly New York City in 1987, but it's certainly wasn't the kind of place the so Called dog, man her childhood friends like to talk about would hang out small victories for a small town girl. Cassie took a waitressing job and worked nights. She liked the patrons mostly Auto Factory workers, but some musicians and reporters to she began a nocturnal existence closing the diner out at 3 a.m. Most nights. This also meant unfortunately that 3:00 a.m. Was when she needed to do her grocery shopping. There was a mini-mart around a block from the diner. That was always good in a pinch. So she planned to stop there on her way home. She'd always felt far more safe in the city than she had at home. It was comforting to be surrounded by so many people but tonight was different. The rain was falling hard and the streets were empty Cassie couldn't help but be reminded of the forest walk she'd been dragged on by her friends and family members as if the Solitude of the woods meant anything anymore. It was all disappearing anyway. There was something behind her someone she told herself. She wasn't in the back woods anymore. There are no bears no wolves. There was no such thing as monsters just garden-variety creeps. She quickened her pace. Something was definitely following her keeping Pace as she began to practically run for the welcoming fluorescent light of the mini-mart. She stepped quickly into the store clutching her chest as she moved further and further down the aisles away from the darkness outside. She took too long deciding between little things like chips and Salsas any excuse to stay inside. Only when she'd heavily weighed every cookie choice and place them in her basket. Did she approach the register? She tried to take solace in the comforting ding of the till as the clerk rang her up. He made small talk, but she couldn't focus. She was only watching the large glass windows searching for shapes in the dark. There was no sign of her pursuer under the streetlights or Beyond them. She steals her nerves and stepped back outside. The rain still pattered down Cassie made for the other side of the street letting out a sigh of relief telling herself. She was being silly and strange then the shape stepped out in front of her her groceries fell to the wet sidewalk with a clatter and a crash his dark frame blocked out the street lab his teeth poked out a long as snarling mouth. But his eyes The most frightening of all the intelligence of a human but the Unspeakable cruelty to Cassie could practically feel the rage steaming off of him. The cold rain there was nowhere for her to run. He was clearly faster craftier. The city was supposed to be her environment. Why did he still have power here trembling? She asked the dog man what he wanted. As if in answer, he stepped closer Cassie's breath hitched in her throat a thought flashed through her mind. She saw herself running away getting pounced on by this monstrous creature would have in her throat torn out from behind be better or worse. And then it's mild and her legs made the decision for her. She turned and ran as fast as she could. Her mind went blank from Fear her knees ached. Her world has dissolved into a dizzying series of Sensations panting screaming crying. She was running without direction or sense. She only wanted to flee and then the haze of fear lifted her gate slowed. She was alone on A Street in Detroit. The dog man was nowhere to be seen. Gone at least for the next 10 years. A powerful Aura of fear seems to surround the Michigan Dogman every time it makes an appearance during the first 1887 sighting of the Dogman canine tracks were found adjacent to a group of horses who had mysteriously died in the night allegedly of fright over the next Century a pattern began to emerge a cluster of sightings every ten years. The Cryptids range seemed to expand as Home while he did initially only been seen in Wexford County Witnesses were appearing from all over the state. W ctm a radio station in neighboring Traverse City Michigan recorded a retelling of the various Dogman sightings as an April Fool's Day joke, but this only cause more witnesses to come forward. Their accounts were surprisingly similar a massive black canine with the ability to walk on two legs while there have been no fatalities or major physical injuries attributed to the creature many witnesses report a significant wave of fear. When in his presence often before they even realize he's there some suggest that the dog man is not flesh and blood at all. They believe he's a spirit tied to a band of the Cheyenne tribe. known as the dog soldiers or dog men the dog soldiers were a powerful military group that were directly targeted for extermination by the US Army in the 1860s despite that many white Settlers of Michigan still feared potential conflicts with the displaced Native Americans the rumors of these fearsome Warriors likely informed the Dogman story, especially for the original to Lumberjacks these Two men would likely have had a generational memory of clashes between the US Army and the native tribes the sutlers trying to displace in his book this thing of Darkness Michael Chambers explains that the word werewolf first appeared and 11th century legal document from Denmark, which warns Bishops that their spiritual flocks must be defended from the wood frico or madly audacious werewolf. This appears to be an expansion. The language in the sermon of the mount in which Jesus warns his followers that they must beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves the danger chamber suggests comes from the transformation the sudden betrayal of a predator that had appeared to be one of the flock. This was clearly more than theological metaphor in various European cultures and people were hunted tried and executed as werewolves as early as 14 28, and as late as 1765 this created a cultural memory for the European settlers of Michigan this fact cannot be ignored when talking about their fears of the Cheyenne and the other original occupiers of their land it is no coincidence. Snap, the dog man is almost always seen in remote wooded areas. The last wild places in a world that is swiftly becoming less and less green. He's been known to attack cars or approach Lee houses literally confronting the new occupiers of the Michigan Wilderness many of the sightings of the Dogman focus on his wolf-like qualities along with his massive size, but one incident reported by 17 year. Old Robert Fortney in 1938 deserves special mention Fortney reported that he was standing beside Michigan's Muskegon River. What a massive black dog approached him raising itself to its hind legs. This would have been disturbing enough. If not for the beasts piercing blue eyes human and animal all at once. Fortney panicked and fired his gun the creature backed off it took 40 years to understand and accept what he saw but of one fact he was sure I swear he told a local radio station that dog was smiling at me. Thanks again for tuning into haunted places will be back tomorrow with a new urban legend and on Thursday with a new haunted place. You can find more episodes of haunted places and all other park has to Regionals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all your favorite Park Castor Originals like haunted. Places for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream haunted places on Spotify just open the app and type haunted places in the search bar and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network until tomorrow don't believe some of the things you hear believe all of them. Haunted places was created by Max Cutler is a production of Cutler media and is part of the park has Network. It is produced by Max and Ron Cutler will sound design by Kenny Hobbs production assistants by Ron Shapiro and Paul Moller additional production assistants by Maggie admire and Freddy Beckley this episode of haunted places was written by Lil D Ritter and Jennifer rachet. I'm Greg Paulson.