Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this Couple things I'm going to share here. I was not able to confirm. So like if it's if I'm writing this up on the website, which I will be I'll be sharing it as like a what I heard this week because I was not able to get confirmation from a second source, and I like to make sure that I hear things from more than one place before I feel really confident about it so that out of the way earlier this week the timing of this was pretty cool earlier this week a report surfaced that some other some big names would be Be be working on Mandalorian season two we heard like Robert Rodriguez James Mangold in a couple other names and I saw Mangold. I don't know Charles if he saw us not mangled actually came out and said that sounds great. But no, I'm not working on Mando season 2 which was which was interesting in the timing of that was pretty good for us because as I've been teasing for a couple of weeks now on our patreon and on Charles is known I heard And I've been trying to get confirmation of and Have Not That Peyton Reed from the director of Marvel Studios director Ant-Man and Ant-Man the WASP will be directing two episodes of Mandalorian season 2. Whoa shit. So I know that the Payton is is not working on anything Marvel Studios related till next winter when he turns up for for Ant-Man on the WASP, whatever they call that one so it seems like in between And so he's going to spend part of 2020 if he hasn't already done so working on not one but two episodes of Mando season 2 and the other little tidbit that I was I was told and hope to try to confirm as well but was unable to and I think this one is exciting because I think it'll make everybody pretty happy is that taika? Waititi is trying to trying to squeeze another episode of Mando season 2 and I think that's really cool because that episode that he directed was one of the funniest And most complete episodes the other the other thing that I'll add to that for a while. It was unclear whether or not Tycho was going to be directing an episode or whether he was going to be returning to voice like another IG unit or something, but it seems like we're what it was the headed to what is leaning towards is that he's going to be working on another episode. So I hope that I hope that both those things are true. But like I said, we're not able to get the kind of confirmation we like so we wouldn't, you know run. It as an exclusive and say like Hey, we're a hundred percent sure about these things but they're two really cool pieces of information and I've been kind of hoping to share sharing with you for a while. I just was trying to get them nailed down unfortunately wasn't able to do so, but I still felt like sharing it with you guys and in getting that out there would be the thing to do you have for me that the idea that Peyton Reed an MCU alumni, it's gone as he is making his move to Star Wars just makes me kind of wish that shit. I want to steer. So Brothers Star Wars kind of joint whether it be a little be long on episode or something else or in that cast and director. So I kind of because these directors have proven like the they're worth and married through what we've seen in the MCU. I think it's it's like a no-brainer because you got Kevin feige sort of working on I guess the guy was a Star Wars project and you got taika waititi dabbling in Star Wars as well. I mean, it's like it's the perfect combination in Disney's so lucky to have Directors under them who could you know things don't start worrying? Yeah, and I think I think the other link there, you know is that Jon Favreau is one of the is the showrunner right? He's in charge and he's also an executive producer on a lot of the Marvel Studios things and it's a nice a nice thing that he has available to him that he can see these guys on a regular basis that he can collaborate with them on a regular basis and it's you know, he knows their value. He knows their worth and he knows if he can Along with them and I think that's a huge, you know, the relationship piece is a huge thing to you. If you're if you're having different directors work on different episodes you need to make sure that things are clean and you have a good relationship with people so it's not surprising I guess to see Favreau go through and work with people that he's probably had a working relationship with before which was the Mandalorian episode that I could did. Was it the Bill Burr one. I thought it was the last one where the Stormtroopers were out and On the on the speeder bikes and the desert couldn't hit and we're talking and having that conversation. I think that was take as episode. So the the penultimate episode. Yep. Did he do the finale as well? I guess we could we'd have to look that up. I think he only did one episode. So I'm not sure which episode it was. Let me see. Yeah because the boom from was pretty fucking hilarious because you know, it's Bill Burr it's it was a lot of humor attached to that episode. So I wouldn't be surprised if that was tagged as Hold on the prisoner Osho take it did the very last episode the finale. So when when when that big Showdown happens with a marked Gideon Giancarlo Esposito the darksaber stuff. Yeah, obviously the episode where I he dies. Yeah, it's pretty fucking sick of moving forward, especially that now that we know what the future of Star Wars is, at least I guess in books and then in novels the higher the public they're going to need a lot of new fresh steaks on what what the stock Growers could be moving forward. Like obviously we're going back hundreds of years before The Phantom Menace and we're going to see things we've never seen before in this universe and I'm sure a lot of directors are going to want to do their standpoint. But man these MCU directors getting their hands on Star Wars has been so fantastic so far. Yeah, and I hope I think one of the One of the things when we share stuff like this, I always get nervous obviously and especially like in the wake of this report and then Mangold coming out on Twitter and say like no I'm not so, you know, like I'm waiting I'll be all week like waiting for Peyton Reed to tweet out like yeah cool. No, I'm not doing it either but you know, hopefully hopefully that's not the case, but I think it's it is exciting Mandalorian is you know is already in the works, but you talked about the high Republic stuff. It's exciting to see See them be willing to step away from at least at least it kind of feels like to step away from this really kind of stale Skywalker stuff that they've been doing and to end the really like they're going to create like an entirely new set of characters. Right like Rogue one was is one of the better Star Wars movies recently, but it is still, you know set directly right in that same Skywalker Saga timeline solo wasn't a bad movie still right in that timeline. Mandalorian as much as I liked it still right in that timeline, like they're going way back and using characters that have nothing to do with any established characters in this High Republic stuff. And it's also like a massive multimedia launch to right leg just going to be is going to be books. The Marvel Comics are supposed to start like in August or September I think and get you like into this High Republic stuff way before we ever see a movie because what was was the first movie like wasn't it? Like a 2022 film that was going to be The first High Republic movie. Yeah, that's what I read from Star Wars do that man. Yeah, so we've got we've got a couple years before we're seeing any of these movies. And so this is this is cool. I think it's like a bold step and it's interesting to see them kind of try to come up with some new characters in a new time and see like they've done a fine job coming up with new characters Rogue one had some cool new characters. I don't have you ever read any of the dr. Aphra stuff that in the Marvel Comics. I haven't read any of the stuff for But I've heard that Jason Aaron's Darth Vader stuff from couple years back was fucking amazing. It's what I heard. Yeah, and I really enjoyed his Vader stuff and after is a great character, but again set in this really familiar era. So I'm excited for this. I republic stuff and just to its I think it's kind of a it's a bold step for them to just say like listen we enough is enough. We're gonna we've got this really great universe and for some reason we've tried to confine it to this really small era. Yeah, and really small region. So let's get nuts here. And I think it's cool. I'm really excited for them to take that step. My only sort of like thing with this higher public stuff is that I think it's simply two hundred years before Phantom Menace. I was sort of expecting something in the thousands range like maybe 1,000 years before everything else just to keep it really far from each other, but I'm sure there's a reason why they picked 200 as opposed to you know, like the Old Republic thousands of Before the the Galaxy as we know it, but I am very curious what we're going to do with this. We know we heard of like the past the past week that Bob Iger resigned but despite him resigning is the CEO. Is he still going to sort of be on board for a lot of the creative strategies? I wonder if this Hydra Public Announcement has to do with the religion the resignation maybe Bob just want to do creative stuff burn from now on as opposed to doing the boring business stuff, but When we went then ultimately he was resigning came out like what were your initial thoughts on it? I'm just kind of taken off guard by it. I didn't have any inkling that was coming. I don't know if anybody did but it kind of is it kind of reminds me of the the saying like for in at least in sports that people kind of hold on too long, right? Like no one at your time to go in the guy's just completed one of the probably best five-year runs. Or so in the history of media, right? Like he is he has successfully launched his knee place, even though I know their numbers are stumbling a little bit because there's no original content out there. He brought Lucas film over they got Marvel going like they have all these things going in and running fairly smoothly. Right? I mean, so it's it's probably a time for him to say like, all right. Well, what else what other goals do I have? What else can I do with my career in I wouldn't know what to the hell else he could do at Disney in that in the in the position. He's in to top what he's done. So I think it might just be a lot of that like he's like, hey, I've met all these career goals. I've done this stuff. I've I've made this company, you know, I bet you in his eyes. He thinks like the company's better than when he took it over. So maybe it is just an idea of him shifting shifting his sights to doing a little bit of different kind of work. The weird thing about the resignation announcement is that it takes effect immediately. That's it. That sort of threw me off that get soon. As I saw that headline. I immediately thought that he had new foods that were going to leak. He wanted to fucking quit before that should be became fucking crazy. That's what might initially thought but then I saw the the violin that he was still sticking on and that he was being replaced by another guy named Bob. Yeah. It is very interesting this to see this kind of change happen so fast, I wonder if in the future say like 10 years from now Kevin feige's just does the same where you just sort of resigned effective immediately out of nowhere and maybe pass on the torch to someone like Nate more. I wonder I wonder when we're going to get that inevitable news that feige is stepping down but probably ways of him now. Yeah, you would think feige will be around at least for a little bit longer because they're just launching the Disney plus series and you know that he's excited about the X-Men and you would think since he Really get his chance to put his stamp on them with the fox movies that he'd want to he might want to get that done before he makes a move. What are they moving on to our regular programming? Is that a lot of Disney Quest stuff first? Stop Loki. We got a big crazy room where from I think I think three different sources bleeding cool rpk and someone else saying that the Squadron Supreme was in the is indeed going to I guess have a presence. In the Loki series. What do you think of this? You know, we've talked about this before and I've been I've probably been on a two or three year run of just hoping that they show up somewhere and I have no idea I've asked around and haven't been able to get any like separate word on my own about this one way or the other but I sure hope so and if it's true, I'm so excited and and I guess it to me at least it makes a lot of sense because I feel like you're going to get if you're with the time variance Authority. You have all these different time branches, right and that's kind of how we figured out that that time travel would affect the MCU is that would open up branches going off the prime timeline? And so those are going to just be like alternate Earth's right? That's essentially what I think the the Multiverse is going to be here. Like you've got these other Earth's and these other timelines and all these weird events have happened. And so absolutely this is a great way for the Squadron Supreme to make their way into to the MCU and I have wanted it for so long. I can even thinking back to when we are MCU exchange. I would talk about how I would love to see that command and and in some sense, like I know people are worried that it would it's going to be look like marvelous taking a shot at Warner Brothers because they didn't get the Justice League right? But I don't I don't see this at the as that at all. I think this Loki is the perfect property to introduce these guys in once introduced God only knows like what kind of crazy stuff they can get up to but I think it you know, it's it's not something I can say yes or no. It's going to happen. But it's something that I can say man. I sure hope it happens and it makes sense to me. I do Wonder though how big of a role they could possibly get with with the show because it's not about them. It's about Loki and his hijinks. It's hard for me to imagine that they get involved here in any major capacity. Like I have the most honestly think I'm imagining sort of like a watcher Cameo similar to the one in Guardians to where they just popped over like an Easter egg kind of funny moment. But yeah, it is interesting the idea that we're going to explore like another plane of existence. Where are the Avengers don't exist word is so this this superhero team exists in place of the Avengers. If anything it also makes me hopeful that you know, we get Hyperion in the Mane Six, I guess main six one six MCU quote unquote timeline because Hyperion is a pretty Kick-Ass. Doctor I can't speak for the rest because I haven't actually read any much of the Squadron Supreme stuff. But I know you and my dad are fucking crazy about it. I post it in Facebook as soon as it came out and he was like all over it. So, I'm sure only a lot of good stuff can come from this. Yeah, and even if it is just a small Cameo like maybe because I we talked about this last week, but I get the idea that Owen Wilson's little putt knocker character and Loki just kind of like pop in and out of different time. Branches and take a look and like they're looking through a window into these different realities. So even if it's you know, like you said if Owens character and Loki are looking in on an alternate universe where there's no Avengers and it's the Squadron supreme or the Squadron Sinister and at least see these like just crazy powered Heroes running running rampant, or maybe they're crazy powered heroes or actually out doing good. Even if it's just that at least then those characters exist and they can come back to them again. Want to sew and that's going to be one of those things like there are so many characters in the Marvel Comics table that you know, you're not going to see all of them the way that you'd want to so for me. I guess I could say like well school at least they exist and maybe one day they can come back to it. But yeah, I don't I don't know how big of a role they will play like as you said, there's already so much going on and you know, I don't know how big of a fight Loki could give the Squadron Supreme on his own. So I don't I don't Envision them as like his primary antagonists in the course of the film. I just hope they don't end up being as insignificant as the sort of the original quote unquote Guardians team with the popped up in volume to where they just they just show up for the ending and that's it. And that's probably the most will get out of them. I hope at least that they've got more, you know, stock them C rather than the than the original Guardians team anyway moving on. Other Disney plus stuff She-Hulk. We got a pretty Cristi report this week saying that the the production is eyeing and Alison Brie type actress. I know I think we recorded it in our one of the patron episodes. My pick for shield was Alison Brie. So hearing this hearing that they kind of want to get an actress over her type makes me super excited, but you as someone who sort of vouching for Aubrey Plaza this this bum me out. No, it does. It doesn't bum me out because I think I'm at the point where you know, I have my I have the people that I want like I'd love to see Aubrey Plaza and that would love to see Shia is as Marc Spector, but I I'm I also know that my money is like not well not well bet if I would say like I'm betting on shy of versus everybody else really gets it when I when you have your heart set on someone it's much more likely that it's going to be anybody else other than the someone that you want. And so and so Like it becomes an idea of is the person that they're that they're talking about going to be able to do the job in Alison. Brie would totally do the job. She's brilliant. She's going to be funny. She's going to do all the things that you want Jennifer Walters to be and I also know like when they say they want this type. That doesn't mean that that's who they get. That means that that's like their prototype, right? So so when they say like they want an Alison Brie type they want someone who is quirky and cute and funny. And that's that's what they're chasing. And so it may not necessarily be her but it gives the it gives the agencies and idea of what type of actress they want. And so for all of those people out there who are on that Gina Carano bandwagon that ain't it? She's not going to be in there because she's not an Alison Brie type. I mean, I'm honestly just weirded out that the just didn't get her because the you see the interview she did with James Corden know where she went. She was asked point back with James Corden about the about this lecture room. Our end she played very Coy about it like she played at the way as if he already went in and had good talks with Marvel. So I know it's a it's a very interesting interview when you look at it the way she responsive it is very very very awkward and you know, she's kind of like tiptoeing over it. But yeah, I'm sure regardless of who they get they know what they want. They had an idea of what they wanted whatever whoever they get going to be fucking perfect. Yeah, and they and it just gives the idea and we've known this for a while like they're going they're going to go with the fourth wall breaking funny She-Hulk, not the Savage She-Hulk there. They're going to make this a comedy show and that's fine. And that's that's the direction. They're going to go that fits with who She Hulk has been many many times in the comics. So and I think I guess we can probably talk. Out this now around the topic of She-Hulk. I wrote up a piece earlier today because it's a day being Sunday when we record and share it and I know that she Hulk's production date has been the has been kind of buzzing around lately. We've heard July we've heard August and as of yesterday, it looks like she Hulk is now set to begin filming in in Atlanta in mid-november. So they have they've kind of like slotted that a little bit later than what they'd been looking and they had been like I said to you it was like a July why or August start and now they've kind of moved it and I think what's happened here is like, you know, they started Juan division on November 4th, and they realize that they have plenty of time to get one division done edited put in the can and streaming for next December. So I think that they said like hey, we don't need to be in a huge rush and have all these balls in the air at one time because at one point it looked like it was going to be low-key Miss Marvel. She Hulk and Spider-Man all filming at the same time and in Atlanta and I think that they've kind of realized that they have a little bit more time than what they originally thought and so She-Hulk is now as of as of yesterday slated for a November start, which should mean that they have no problem getting it out in time for what would I be then 2021, right December 20 21, I guess this kind of lines up with our other topic for for this episode The Moon Knight stuff. And now that you're mentioning She-Hulk possibly shooting in November. Does it coincide with the moon? I'd stuff we heard. Yeah, there was a report this week that Moon night would be in Atlanta in November and I was able to corroborate that information, but what's interesting is that it Moon night is still active in the UK. They still are there still evidence out there that they're going to go use the UK whether that means they'll be in studio or on locations or like I think we've talked about on here. For so if Moon nights still looking to be based at least in the UK that gives them the opportunity to get themselves to locations around Europe including some maybe like some deserts are some things that be a little bit more associated with moon nights origin. We know that he's got some ties to to Egypt and I don't think they do a lot of filming in Egypt and I certainly don't think they'll let you film around any sort of old historical sites, but there are all sorts of places. Over in in Europe and in our that are more accessible from Europe that that they could be used to film desert where to Star Wars film in the all their deserts F Tunisia. Is that right? I feel like that's right. Yeah, you could easily see Moon Knight jumping over there. But yeah for sure they're going to be in Atlanta in November, which is cool because it's a lot easier for that for the show's to get covered in the movies. They get covered when they're on on location in America because there are much many more Paparazzi out there. And photos here. Then there are overseas as we've seen like barely anything come out for eternals until the end yet. We've seen all kinds of stuff on Falcon Winter Soldier One Division Loki. It's just it's a lot more likely that we'll see that set photos will leak out if when when Moon Knight takes place in Atlanta. Can you clarify for the viewers? What the fuck is up with the hot guy stuff? Yeah that that's 1/2 that that as of yesterday and I Posted this eye on my end my piece today. I actually posted the documentation the evidence that that I that I had that I usually don't share that Hawkeye is as of yesterday slated for a late September starts was like September 28 of this year. They're going to get going and if we again think about what we know as far as timelines been working here with Falcon in the Winter Soldier Falcon the Winter Soldier started in October. I think it was like late October when they kicked off. So they're going to have an August start to or August streaming debut. So having Hawkeye start in the in the fall like that keeps it totally on track for the fall 2021 release date. So I think I just think that Marvel Studios had a lot of learning to do with these shows because they've never done it before and I think the lesson that they learned is they have more time to get things done then what they thought and so I think we're just getting we're seeing things. Doubt a little bit more and put on a different pace instead of everything being so frantic and I think that's a good thing because that's going to that's going to mean that Kevin can be more places because he can only be so many places at once and if these things are spread out when he decides he needs to check in he can check in when they're creative team and their producers and everybody wants to check in. They don't have to worry about trying to do five things at once. So I think it's I think it looks pretty good and I think you get an idea that like we're going to see Miss Marvel. Are before Hawkeye we know that She-Hulk was supposed to start before Hawkeye and now it looks like it's going to start a month and a half after so that means that we should see Miss Marvel Hawkeye and She-Hulk already for TV in 2021. Right? I think that's and maybe Moon night. We're not sure we're not exactly sure when Moon night starts, but it's possible that we even get moon night in there as well while we do know is Moon nights in Atlanta in November, but we don't have a kickoff date for it overall. The goodness of these by the time we record the next episode we'll find out probably will have a good inkling or when these dates are actually happening the Premier Division One not because of the March 5 Disney plus you've been in Europe, but speaking of sort of feel like stuff. I just saw this online while covid ruffalo's and c2e2 look a big convention. He was asked about Bruce Banner showing up in this she Hawk series and he said that talks have begun with his camp and Kevin feige's Camp. So he's saying that it's a it's a there's a chance you're so you're saying there's a chance. Yeah, we see Omen. I don't think that surprised as anybody. Yeah and the words if Lloyd Christmas. Yeah, there's a big chance talks are preliminary but there is dogs. I'd give it a 70% chance that it actually happened because how else are going. Fucking show Jennifer Walters get that Banner blood and there's no reason that that Ruffalo doesn't continue on in the MCU and there's no reason that the Hulk story doesn't continue on in the MCU there. I mean, there's there's so much more they can do you had just mentioned the other day that you were reading follow the Hulk's and so I told you I was going to start reading it. So I started reading it this morning. We they've got like I put a beat it out the other day like that in hindsight that that if it were to happen if Tim Blake Nelson were to come back as the leader given all the stuff that he's done since we last saw him and the Incredible Hulk it would wrecked retroactively become the best casting the Marvel Cinematic Universe has ever had so so kind of thinking about like all the different stuff they can still do yeah bring him back and like we've said several times bring it back and Ant-Man and let him be the you know, the one of the instructors for the new group of Heroes like let's let's get more of Of the Hulk. Let's get all the Hogs. Are you liking for the hawk so far? I read all I read were one of the first to Alpha and Gamma are oh, yeah that that's what I got through this morning. I've been reading them when I'm on the treadmill Iran the stepper. So I read through the first two this morning getting my exercise in and I enjoyed I enjoyed it because I like that it's coming from the leaders point of view. Oh, yeah. That's a very interesting sort of opening to the father hook stuff, but it gets fucking terrible halfway because the the tie-in sort of it's so hard because I don't understand why you have these events stories without any sort of Main Event issues. Like it just like a combination of stories from different books and makes you fucking it drove me crazy when I read it last week if I can recommend I'd definitely suggest that you check out of the Jeff. Little bit sort of jeph Loeb and McGinnis intro to red-hot the soon as you when Red Rock starts showing up in forward to beating everyone's ass and no one no one knows who he is. I think that's part of the one of the best parts of that run. But yeah, it gets fucking crazy the fault of the whole world war Hulk stuff. I read World War Hulk and I read or Planet Hulk and World War Hulk and I love those two. Those are actually some of the things that after and when I had gotten away from reading for a while. And I got and I got ahold of those and started reading them. They kind of Drew me back into saying like wow, they're doing some pretty interesting shit here in the comics because for a there was a time where for me I guess was probably in the 90s. I wasn't really feeling a lot of what they were doing. And I know that I think we talked about this the other day or at maybe we didn't but I know Age of Apocalypse is one of everybody's favorites but I get distracted just by what I what I think is not awesome artwork when I'm reading it and I can't even concentrate on the story line one. Going through because their heads are out of proportion and they just look fucking weird. So, you know, I just kind of I worked my way back and it was kind of that some of those stories that brought me back in. So yeah, I I'll read through it and see what there is to do. Like, I mean I got nothing else to do when I'm on the treadmill so, you know other than work out. But yeah, so I think we're down to the last part of the episode. We got some cool Falcon of the Winter Soldier stuff from you from some set photos. We saw and from like some BTS stuff with with the crew first off your story about the show possibly getting reshoots and rewrites due to the massive rather the impending coronavirus pandemic. Can you chime in on this? Yeah. I think it's been it's been kind of really bumpy road for Falcon on the Winter Soldier not as far as what's been going on on. Set but just with all the different stuff going on. They've had horrible weather and Atlanta like almost historically terrible cold and rain and all kinds of stuff that they just you wouldn't expect. We one of the reasons Atlanta is such a desirable shooting location is because you have fairly consistent and reliable weather but that hasn't been the case then they were set to go to Puerto Rico on the earthquakes just ravaged that place in like four at once it was delayed and then it looks like it's just been totally abandoned because there's no way they can get over there and get Anything done and now you get this the idea that this the coronavirus by the time this show comes out in August. The coronavirus will have made made its way pretty much across the United States like it's in California now and they say there's like over 8,000 cases that they're monitoring and I don't know how many of them have tested positive but you know, it's coming and it's going to be it's going to be big and people are going to die as they have been in China and all over the world. And there was some part of the storyline that seemed to revolve around terrorists releasing some sort of Bio weapon. And and I know it's not it wasn't the Mad bomb as far as I could tell it was like a legit bio weapon that was going to be released and kill some people and this is again something no one's going to confirm this to me. No one's going to say like hey at Charles you nailed it. But what I what I heard was that they were doing some rewrites and some reshoots to take some of that stuff away as not to look like super insensitive when that show comes out and it lands at the same time that there's an actual pandemic going around the world. And so I guess over the past 10 days or so. They've been doing extended shooting as in they've been shooting in Atlanta past when they were supposed to to do some some rewrites and reshoots on that and also trying to finish up before they head off to wherever they're going next for a few days to kind of finish. The and I guess the idea there is that that's they're going to go someplace else to make up for not going to Puerto Rico. Yeah, totally get it because people are fucking dying and by the time the show comes out like as you mentioned thousands of more people will have died. So it's a matter then being sensitive to the ship that's you know, taking a lot of lives right now. It makes sense. I do wonder what they had originally planned for it. I wonder what kind of by the way when it was a wonder if it has anything to do with the one crossbones stole in Black Goes few years ago Civil War. I wonder if it has like a tie in with that. But yeah, it makes sense also from the set of fog on the Winter Soldier. We saw a pretty cool propaganda poster of John Walker. It's basically like a like a poster announcing him as the new cap and the couple I think yesterday I sort of put it next to like the old propaganda poster first. Yeah Jersey. People to you know, buy war bonds and I think it's a very fucking interesting parallel and how things never change for these government Fox. Yeah. That was that was a really cool poster and it confirms what I we've thought and talked about before that. His introduction is going to come as Captain America and then if there's going to be a u.s. Agent, it seems like it's going to be down the road like this is this is the government's Captain America. That's who John. Soccer is so they're they're just you're right. It's just like a complete bunch of assholes at the government who would decide like hey caps dead Long Live cap, right? Like that's the that's the deer. They're just going to jump right in and replace them with some other guy and I think like some of this Isaiah Bradley news that also kind of came out this week it all fits with with the theory that I think you had that Sam is at some point going to be faced with some sort of decision. That he has to make that results in him giving up the shield and this guy taking it and running with it. And that's that's going to be one of the the key plot threads. I think that his weave throughout all six episodes. Yeah. Also, we saw saw the photo of Mackey Sebastian Stan white Russell and a mystery guy who happened to have a suit with a star on it, which do I think now know to be Battlestar, which is the Are you sort of broke a couple of months ago your reported that you know, just as fucking cab has his Bucky John Walker cap is going to have his own scientific. Kick as well with Battlestar. Yeah, I was I was excited when I first saw that and seeing like how casually that Sebastian Stan decided to break the addition of another actor to the to the production as like you're so they hide that stuff. So well write they don't ever want anybody to know anything. And then Sebastian Stan just like dupe on my Instagram. Here we go. Here's the guy and it's pretty it is pretty cool though. I get a good look at the costume or is good to look as I can and I think yeah, it looks like a star and and the guess is and a lot of people have run around and reported that that is going to be Lamar Hoskins who was John Walker's War buddy. So I think I think that's awesome. If that's if that is who that is. It's cool kind of Click connect back to that story that I ran way back. In November where we saw Hoskins flowers on set and we know that John Walker was visiting them and there was a really dark alley kind of dark light Ali picture of a guy of a black actor wet it with his back turned but like I said, it was in the alley or the lighting was so dark that he couldn't see who it was. I don't even know if it's the same guy or if it's a different guy if it's a stunt double or stand in but yeah, that's a that's a cool picture and then that gives you the idea that all four of those dudes were on set together. Together one day which means that there was probably some ass-kicking going on. I think even if you look at Sebastian stands face, it looked like he might have had a little make-up on to look like he got beat up a little bit Yeah, and they're like small glance of Mackey's boot shiny red boots. It's fucking but I was that that image honestly excited me just to see a glance at you know, his he Mackey's Captain America suit, and also I think what I think at least They're standing in front of where maybe some space heaters and they're all wearing giant coats not just to cover up their uniforms but also because it's freezing as cold and Atlanta. Yeah. I mean, I've never been anywhere else Cole is that but I imagine it's fucking cold. I don't know. I haven't paid much attention to it. But I know it's been colder there in the winter than it has been in quite some time. If so, I don't know if it's like record lows, but it's been exceptionally cold for them. Alright guys that does it for episode 39. We were really excited to share the Peyton. News and taika waititi news with you guys as far as them coming onboard Mandalorian season 2 will hope that over the next week or so that that somehow some that gets addressed and we find out that it's true and it's it just seems seems to be such a cool opportunity for these guys to get a get a board some Star Wars projects and do some stuff outside of the MCU. So we thank you guys for listening. I don't know how big of a reveals we're going to get this Thursday on March. F at this event over in the UK, but I bet you if it's something major Charles and I might be able to find 20 minutes to sneak in a little a mini episode to talk about what kind of stuff we get. I don't know if for my part Charles I'm just looking for like some release dates and if any announcements at all, maybe like new series, but I don't think we're getting anything big. I'm hoping we get this me being super optimistic, but I want some actors attached. To these projects maybe Marc Spector, maybe Alison Brie did bring an ounce of your Shield. Maybe they finally nailed hailee Steinfeld has escaped Bishop. Maybe we get Shia LaBeouf. I just want to know who's playing them. Yeah, I would I would be thrilled if that's the kind of thing we get although I'm I'm setting my sights really really low as to not let Mike get let down by what happened. So again if there is anything major that happens Charles and I will do our best to get together and get a quick recap of that. That if not, we'll be back with you next week for episode 40 and we as always we thank you guys for listening and have a good week.