A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One of the biggest VC firms in Silicon Valley. I'm Elizabeth Yen. Elizabeth is a managing partner at hustle font. And so far. She's invested 30 million in over 250 startups one example a company called nerd wallet. I'm David Goldberg. David is a general partner at corage in Ventures where they've invested. Eight million in over 50 companies so far. I'm Shea almond. Ah, she'll has sold three startups for over 50 million dollars now. He's an angel invested in several companies worth billions today. I'm Charles Hudson Charles started precursor Ventures where he's invested 45 million in over a hundred startups to date. Coming up. What's it like in the pitch room when all you've got is a napkin pitch? Hi. Hi. Hello, Maya. Nice to meet you walking into the room Tiffany's nervous, but she's smiling and seems excited to finally meet the investors. All right. My name is Tiffany. I'm one of the three founders of megapixel along with my husband John and my sister Jennifer family business. Yeah, nice John and I have actually been working together for 20 years as commercial photographers everything. We shoot goes online. And what we realized basically is that the internet really is the world's largest copy machine and the work is subject to theft and misappropriation leading to loss of Revenue and authorship. in fact, 2.5 billion images or stolen daily on a global level and I am literally freezing up here. So what do you do? And how do you do it? Yeah, then I'm getting there. I'm getting there. Okay, do you mind I'm sorry. Take your time. Okay, they're being stolen on a global level and I have fear of public speaking. It's okay. It's okay. Tiffany is standing there in front of all five investors. She's looking down. It's here in this moment. Tiffany's pitch could have cratered but then the investor step in to help we can make it more conversational. Oh, okay. I'm ready. It's right. Thank you. In fact 2.5 billion images are still in Daily on a global level. And of course is what we experienced firsthand. That's how megapixel was born and it was born out of a need to track protect and promote digital media. And we do so by applying a proactive survivable meta Mark as we're calling it into media and you can think of the metalmark is like an invisible fingerprint. Protecting it with permanent metadata and it survives everything from screenshots cropping and compression then take our mega pixel platform onto the blockchain and we leverage it with a smart contract and we are here today currently seeking 850 thousand dollars to help finalize our MVP and pay for our legal and IP costs. I also have a little demo here. That might be okay. Tiffany opens our laptop pulls up a website with a gallery of her photographs on the home page. And if you click on one of those photos, there's a pop-up with megapixels licensing information. You click on the image. It has all the Creator's information and it shows you who the licensure is. It's registered on the blockchain that way you always know where it is who's owning it and it keeps track of your attribution and what if I just took a screenshot of that and put it on my website. That's the beautiful thing about Our core technology is that it actually embeds into any media and so it becomes part of the work to just keep going on that. How does it actually do that? So if you were to sprinkle glitter, let's say on an image. It's in every single part of that image. So you're saying if we took a screenshot of that we would see a picture that has like, so if you took a screenshot of their Furniture, no now it's invisible. So if you took a screenshot, And then you try to pass it off as your own and put it back on line because it already has that Mark in there that unique fingerprint. It would recognize whose image it is that helps to track that image always know where it is online know who the Creator is always have it but it's not answering the question. So if I if I take a screenshot of that image and put it on my blog, how will you get notified that I've done that? Yeah, so through the technology it is Always attributed to that image, but let me see if this is the question so we get that your technology tracks. It is their proactive notification or would someone have to say where is this image being used know it lets you know, it tells you there's proactive notification. You know it all don't understand how that's you know, how does it phone home? Yeah, it's gonna be visible fingerprint. Basically. The investors are actively trying to figure out how is the technology? G supposed to actually work. That's when Elizabeth takes a step back to ask. Do you have anything built today? Where are you in terms of your development? Okay, so we are currently developing the MVP and when you say that you mean like there isn't any form of a product built today, correct? Yes other than the fact that it's been proven. The technology is ready to go. We've spoken to everyone to be able to build this out and ultimately once we get our funding. It'll be about four months until it's finished. How do you make money in this model? Well, we are looking at it as a SAS and Licensing structure. So if I were a photographer, I would pay some monthly subscription to use this just like anybody that's Now using Dropbox or that sort of thing becomes part of your daily routine. So, what would they pay? Well, we haven't set up that yet because we're still trying to figure out how much it's going to cost to. Ultimately finalize this product. So right now are you guys actively selling this product? Not currently right now, we're just developing it but we're getting everybody, you know, obviously trying to get people on board so that it when it's ready. We'll have the beta customers which the EU they have an urgent need for this type of Technology. They're digital single Market legislation was just passed. Okay, I'll bite digital single Market legislation in a couple of years. The EU is planning to hold. Platforms like Facebook accountable when people post stolen images and Stephanie thinks the Facebook's and Instagrams and Twitter's of the world are going to want to use meta pixel to stay ahead of this new law. It's going to be put towards the platforms to take responsibility for maintaining the rights of the content creators. Well, so is that what it is because like when I first heard this and I was actually pretty intrigued it seemed like it was every every brand company photographer who just can like sign up for their $20 a month and get like their life lock for their own images, but then it sounds like well, but then you start talking about governments and legislation that I've never heard of it's a big offer right of course, but you know, we've spoken to a ton of different photographers who would be completely on board. We've spoken to celebrities and I'm not going to name who but we've already got Also on our advisory panel another photographer gel Greenberg and she is going to be a beta customer as well. I think it's cool that so many people could be interested in this right and like that's what makes it a big problem and a big business, but I worry it's going to be impossibly hard for you guys to kind of get out of the gate without like a really crisp initial customer and like exactly who that Target demo is what their problem is how they solve it today. Day and why your solution is better? I think that's got to be really locked down. I agree. And thankfully, you know, I'm not the only one in this company trying to figure that out. If I were in your position, I would just run with individual photographers of has the initial customer cause you know them you speak their language probably part of the community could get a lot of feedback from them to wonder if I'm sad but I but we do see that locking the sin for the Enterprise platforms. It's a huge problem right now. I think everybody here invest in really early stage companies. We wouldn't be on this panel and I'm just struggling to figure out if you only could serve One customer for the next 18 to 24 months. Who would you pick because I really am struggling to figure out like my my concern to hearing your presentation is you're going to get 5% away with Enterprise 10% of the way with photographers and you're going to end up burning through a hundred fifty K and you're going to know a little bit about a lot of customers instead of a lot. Got about a small number of customers and to me that's like the recipe for start-up death. Okay, and so like if you could only pick one customer segments like who would you pick to the exclusion of everyone else with full knowledge that there are other big opportunities out there? Sure I would pick myself photographers. Yeah, of course and I didn't mean to suggest that we weren't understanding that I'm just, you know, obviously kind of caught between knowing that these platforms are imminently looking to solve this. Problem, but also knowing that people like me are going to really find Value in this so yeah, we would start with people like me. I'm going to be really direct with you course actually seen a lot of businesses trying to go after the same opportunity and I fully believe that there's a big big problem here. I think from observing these other companies that do have developed products. I think at the end of the day, the biggest struggle actually has been on the customer acquisition side getting people to pay for this. That's what I would actually test first you have a community of photographers who are in your network. Can you pre-sell some of this absolutely nothing from there? You can then later sell the Enterprises if that looks so serious. I mean, I mean, we're not being silly thinking that we're going to just go right out of the gate here and it's going to be perfect. And so I think rubbing on my thought like since you know for me, I understand this early days, but I'm very much a person of like go to market first do everything you can to do you risk go to market first. So I'm going to be up past. Thank you Elizabeth Yen who specializes in investing in super early stage startups just like this is out and we're not that far into the pitch. But the other investors believe that there could be a real opportunity here after all people are stealing a lot of photographs on the internet and if someone can crack this nut, they'd make a boatload of money when we come back the investment. Pastors try to figure out if Tiffany's team is the one to do it. And we're back. Tiffany's pitch from megapixel has been pretty Rocky so far when you're pitching this early and all you have is a sketch on a napkin. There's one more thing that's crucial in a pitch. He talked about your team are two developers Chet and Mike they work in cyber forensics and Cyber Technology are other team members. We have a CEO at the moment working with us to get this product done. Who's CEO Bob Mikaelson. He's Brought for companies to exits and MMA worked with Sterling Partners five billion dollar. Yeah, and so we just signed him on recently because he says I'm gonna ask you a really blunt question. Yeah, if you have to developers and you have a CEO who is managing product. What is it that the three of you as co-founders are working on my sisters out in San Francisco and she handles the sales and marketing side of the company John and I are wearing many hats John's a designer and an artist. So he's helping with all of The Branding and the the look and I was a producer in a past life. So I helped kind of bring everything together on a daily basis at the stage that we all invest precede seed the thing that I value the most is the team and your team structure is not set up for success in my opinion. So can I ask? Yeah sure, of course. This is a actually pretty heavy technical lift. Yeah, so you're doing like photograph fingerprinting. There's a blockchain component and you have three founders who are non-technical in this business. I think technology is core to the product. So I want somebody with a technical background. Yeah to be part of the founding team. Well, okay and just to put this out there are Developer once we get some funding he's going to come on as our full-time. GTO, I don't know if that changes your perspective here a little bit, but it doesn't because you have four other people that are more senior than this person. This person hasn't committed. You know, it's like so like he's committed to a job once you have money to give him but it's like if technology was core to the business, he would be one of the top four people in the company. Well, I we consider him to be one of the top four people in the company Founders and CEO external video. So the other thing I'd say is External CEO also is a red flag for me at this stage in the company appreciated company founder should probably be CEO and so for that reason I'm going to pass. Okay. Thank you. So I'm going to pass I'm just really concerned about your team composition. Honestly, typically when we invest in companies at this stage, it's two or three people and the question is always what more can this team do with more resources? You have a rather large team for a company of your stage and I think my fear is like you have a team of five or six that's already a little amorphous and like adding more money might actually make the problem worse not better. So I know it's really hard. It's a really hard thing to say. I know but I really I would encourage you to like ask yourselves the really hard question. Like do all three of us need to be involved full-time as co-founders in the business because I think it undermines your story right now and I feel like there's some good nuggets here, but I can't get past that and so for me, this is a past. Yeah, I invested a lot of precede companies and you know, they don't have all the pieces figure it out. Like I the products missing or the go-to-market is missing or different pieces, but I don't quite see a Enough here for me to make an investment. So I'm a past as well. So does the point so the first is I'm I am passing. I understand the problem that you're solving. I think as a pre Seed Company when there's no data when there's very little traction so much of this comes down to storytelling. Hmm. And so I think just as a team you guys need to Circle up internally about really refining that story and that will come with practice and with time maybe it's getting the actual CEO in the room who can bring some of that experience. Rinse, right. I don't know if speaking about building this company and raising. The capital is really the role that you should be playing here. I hear you. Thank you. Usually what happens right now is the founder leaves and the investors talk about the pitch. But after everyone said no, they all stick around to help Tiffany solve her problems and their tone here is super sincere. They're all being really generous with their time. And even though this may be hard to hear. They're giving her all this expertise for free. Here's what I would recommend that you do with your team. I would actually recommend that you guys just like step up and own something. Like for example, it sounds like your husband, you know the designer like maybe he owns the technology piece. Right? Like not every technologists is, you know in the weeds coding or whatever but like Ken he like is he managing the to developers? I don't know. Yeah. Can your sister start selling this? I mean, I think you guys have a lot of strong relationships with photographers. You want to go after that base from what I'm hearing here. Why don't you just start selling to them especially since you already have that relationship they You they know you so that way that you can just focus on the things that need to happen to make this run right now, even though the product is not available things like that. Yeah, of course. Our first customer is the photographer and I if I didn't represent that properly than I definitely want to make sure that I at least solid I think there's yeah like represent that a hundred times more not just liked white like a hundred X be like we know photographers we have signed letters of intent. With a thousand individual photographers, we have spent all this time at meetups and we have built out this solution with them in mind because we know how they were it right like it's like stronger statement like start charging today pre-product or get them on a weightless and we have a hundred and thirty thousand photographers and then I would not mention the other pieces like the EU and all these other folks. Okay, and then also I don't understand how it works. I feel like I think you could do a better job of making that clear and I think probably I'm probably not the only one who died. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah, or if all the details aren't hammered out yet. Just say that be like we know that the final solution needs to do a b and c and we haven't quite built all the mechanisms for that, but we know that it will need to achieve these things. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you guys. I really appreciate it. Thank you all. Thanks. So much about this pitch just felt different from any of the other startups we've had on the show from the way Tiffany gave her pitch to the way the investors responded. It felt almost like everyone was unwrapping a present together, but nobody knew what was inside after the break the investors explain what a pitch at the super early napkin stage is supposed to sound like and why some investors think when your company's this new there's no such thing as a good pitch. Welcome back Tiffany Walling the Garrity gave her first ever pitch to the investors in our show. And it was Rocky When Tiffany stepped out of the pitch room her husband and co-founder was waiting to hear how it went. Here's producer Heather Rogers your husband John was waiting in the green room. So when you left the pitch room and um, In there. Can you tell me what you said to him? I just went. Oh, that was rough. Yeah. And was he what did he say? I'm sorry. If you were to characterize exactly what was rough about it, what was rough about it? I can compare it to when I was starting out as a photographer and meeting with clients and instead of them saying your work is great. Here's a the next job. They start critiquing your work at that point, you know, they're not looking to give you a job. Tiffany hasn't pitched any other investors since them and it made me wonder what's To happen in someone's first pitch turns out Maya and Elizabeth are experts in this they read so many emails and see so many pitch decks. They could write the book on the topic. The very early stage pitches are actually kind of my bread and butter. So I listened to this stuff all day long. We get a lot of pictures at this stage. I have seen over 30,000 pitches and this year alone. I expect to see near And pitches what's the best pitch you've gotten from a company at this very early stage? It's a good question because most of the pitches are bad even in the companies that turn out to be phenomenal. I have to say that's a little surprising. Yeah. Can you tell me more about that? So when I hear a pitch, I'm usually one of the first people to get a pitch and so usually it's it's usually very very bad and then for even the best storytellers they Quite know where they are in the market and they don't quite know what is compelling to say yet. Tiffany's pitch really leaned on the product and the technology but Maya and Elizabeth said that when you're this early the pitch needs to be anchored on the problem. Here's Maya problem Americans floors are dirty because they walk in and they've got dirt on the bottom of their shoes from outside. And so they've got all this dirt on their floors. Is this an actual pitch you've heard this is not an actual pitch, but then what I the thing that I like to see the most my favorite thing to see is like, How much money are people paying to solve this problem today? And how much time or hassle? Is it costing them? So if I were pitching this I would photograph of Roomba sales. I would show you know that Swiffer mop I would be like Swiffer mop sales have hundred X in the last 20 years and then I would show how horrible the product is. Plus you got to buy those refills all the time. It's very expensive and they're disgusting. They're disgusting. You've got all this gross stuff and then I would do and here's the real. Impact I would show a bunch of pictures, you know, those like big piles of shoes that people have next to their front door. Yeah, and it always looks like gross and disgusting. I show all these pictures of the shoes and be like, this is the state of America's home today. So we have these piles of shoes by the front door because we're trying to avoid tracking dirt into our houses and it doesn't have to be this way. I must be a better way then our product is like a big piece of tape you put in your front door as you walk. Over the tape. It sucks all the dirt off your shoes. You don't track it into your house. You never need to switch them off your house. And then I like to get into the customer right? I want to jump in here real quick to point out that Maya just described her product in one simple line a big piece of tape you put on your front door. That's it. She's done talking about the product and now she's on the most important part of any napkin pitch and then I like to get into the customer, right? So it's like we are going to start art with like the best Target group to start with is usually whoever feels the pain the most and so like we're going to start with households who have young children because it's like such a pain to get kids shoes on and off and so if they just have to walk across the sticky mat happens automatically, you know, even though everybody with a floor could be a customer Maya and Elizabeth say that when you're a Founder at this very early stage, it's critical for you to zero in on a small subset of people who are your most Customers that's what Elizabeth wanted to hear in Tiffany's pitch. I wanted her to go and talk with all these other photographers and really be able to articulate like what specific kind of photographer would be good for this and what kind of guitar wouldn't because not every photographer will be in your target market. There are differences in workflow. Are you just getting started are you know, what is your level of experience? Like how ingrained are you and your current system? So really understanding I think even at a detail I'd level of who is the niche within those larger groups. Hmm. And that was something that Tiffany could not articulate or at least she didn't write I also got the sense that like she wanted to give you like a product pitch. This is the amazing product and like have that be self-explanatory. What made this a pitch where like you couldn't rely just on the product. I'm not actually convinced that this is a real neat. Hmm. I don't think it's enough to come up with a product in markets where there there's already an existing player and they're making a lot of money and their product is terrible. That is more compelling to me to have a product pitch. It's like, well actually there are already a lot of people paying for this with somebody else. So I'm just going to go and steal their customers. That's the time to do a product pitch. Her product doesn't go up against an incumbent. So to me, there's a big Market risk here that people will not pay for this. Right and she's like putting all these resources into developing the product. Yep, and the best Founders that I've met over the years. They can self correct in a pitch and say you're right. I haven't done this. I'm going to go after this pitch and and get that for you and then they'll come back to me a few days later and say this is what I've learned and that's impressive to me. So it's not like It's one and done. She could have come back with all this stuff to have proved me wrong. Like actually, you know, you're right. We did all this customer development and here's our response when we got all these sales that would have been impressive to me, but I didn't get the sense from her response that that was something she wanted to do. Hmm, and she didn't come back and do that. Earlier in her career Elizabeth made the mistake of not digging into what our customers might really want. I'm just gonna quote her here. We spent two years building out a product and as it turned out later nobody wanted to use that product that's not like there wasn't an opportunity for my startup. But rather we didn't have the right product because we didn't work with customers along the way and quote vc-backed companies are all about learning from Failure and Founders All the Time make the mistake of spending years building something. Nobody actually wants but you don't have to make this mistake. You're welcome. The pitch is hosted by me Josh music video produced by Heather Rogers and Kareem Maddox. We are edited by Sarah saracen theme music by the newsmaker original compositions from brake master cylinder Peter Leonard, Billy Libby. So Wily and the Muse maker. We're mixed by Enoch Kim Lisa mooji. Oh coordinated the recording of This pitch as a reminder. No offered to invest is being made to or solicited from the listening audience. Today's show thank you so much for listening. We'll be back with a brand new episode next Wednesday and follow the pitch on Spotify so you don't miss a thing.