Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the One Stop Shop for everything you need to make a podcast now to start telling your story go today to download your free app from anchor or you can go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Happy podcasting. Hello and welcome to another episode of Jilly talks. I am your host Jilly also known by my given name Adam. I am so excited to be back with you again with another podcast today. I'm extremely excited because I am I guess based off of the person. I'm interviewing we have it. We've seen each other once over the last Years. We had one year of school together knew each other before and we'll get into that in just a few moments. But but has been a I would say you without him knowing over the last 20 years somebody that I've admired over these 20 years and I don't know why but just it's really impressive and and even as a as a communicator who travels and speaks Mandarin places, he's somebody I tell other people stories about and and So today I'm going to give him a chance to share some of those stories. So I wanna introduce you to my friend my guest John Chichi O'Neill John say hi to everybody. What up, bro. Hey, man, are you are you excited for this podcast? Of course? All right. Well, that's good. I'm excited to have you on as it shows me though for that. Well already your intro is one of the reasons we don't waste people's time for like an hour. Is that what we're going to do? Well, you know, And first started the podcast I thought hey, maybe I'm with people's time. But from what I'm told people actually enjoy listen to this podcast and I'm saying by interviewing me. Well, no, I think you're going to add to it. Hey Mel. I don't know if people don't care what he cares about me. Well, here's the funny thing. The majority of my of my audience are people who I have encountered in the church world. What? Which you know brings me back to a story of a long time ago. You said to me the last time you were in church, you got kicked out for laughing. Oh, yeah big time. So I think that this is a great segue to or a great listing for people from the church world to have somebody who you know, I one point said, yeah, I don't go to church because I was kicked out for laughing, you know something. Yeah, I'll definitely comment on that. Okay. First of all, I think I just Just become just me and my family in general. I don't know where we've developed that but we're all we always laugh at kind of the wrong times. Do you know what I'm saying? So it's like let's say we're obviously not supposed to laugh in church and it's nothing so much that they're doing is just so much that we're clearly in our own little world where a lot like bro. I laugh at funerals and there's no reason at a funeral. There's no reason to laugh. I don't know we just do it has nothing to do with we're laughing at the events that are happening. We're more laughing at we're basically in our own little world and we're laughing at you know, if anybody knew that we were talking about this right now, you know type of situation 100% you know, when I brought you to church one time with me, it was epic though. It was that You know the guy who spoke that night which was funny because you even said and actually, you know, you obviously don't know this but that guy who spoke that night has since passed away his name. His name was Roosevelt Hunter and and I remember one joke, he said talking about dating dating somebody and they're sucking you like they're the Dirt Devil basically, you know, and you know the whole idea of that Evelyn church, I'll stop but I'll never forget the service started and quickly you look to me and you and the guys singing a song your like is that guy Jesus and I was like, okay that's enough people already know. So anyways, those are good memories that we'll get into some memories as a second, but I want to let the world know kind of how we know each other. So I grew up going originally to high school at Richelieu Valley high school and I went to one of our Arch Rivals McDonald carts a high school. And in my opinion one of the reasons why you were an archrival as of was most people except for CPR. Was because McDonald Cartier would beat us all the time at least in my grade level would beat us all the time. And so we knew each other basically only through Sports and I was a great ahead of you originally and then good old brain get me back here. And so I got to stay back in grade 8 and which led to my last year of high school changing schools going to me dog cart see a pretty much only for basketball reasons. Yeah. I want to have at least one year of Inning and so I went and got to play basketball with you put against you previous to that but you were a card see a boy for Life. Correct? Hang on. Sorry about that. Yeah, I was there from SEC one sec five. Yeah my old my brother was went there. My family a whole family went there. Awesome. Well, that's good. And you know, I got a little time. What was the question? What was the question? Well, I just wanted to confirm that you were a boy for Life. Absolutely. Absolutely what I will say the year that you came. Honestly, it was by far the most epic year. You Greg. Oh man. It was it was an epic year. Yeah. It was it was incredible year for those of you who are listening that that was in 2000. We graduated. So while looking back 20 years now and yes, yeah. That's that's very true. You know, some of us act a little older, you know, I was talking somebody yesterday after walking up a flight of stairs and we're trying to catch my breath. You know, that wasn't my basketball shape now. I'm more of a shape, you know, so it's it's different these days also, Draining Steph Curry threes from like God knows where well, you know, I appreciate that. It was you know, if Greg ever passed the ball, I had a chance to shoot it. So that was it Greg ever hears this I'm just joking Greg you were you were the man. All right, but what we played basketball and here's a funny story John played for part of the year. I won't forget this. Mr. Black our coach. I really I really I really liked him and I remember being upstairs one time in the little Lounge area. And there was you grant McFarland and somebody else and you were guys are kind of complain about basketball you like man. I'm done. You know, I'm done all kinds up. And you passed on this what mr. Black said, he called you a loose cannon. He said because I jump I can't shove you got that. Remember forgot them John. I can't trust you on the court because you are a loose cannon. I was the rebel cop the I was the Mel Gibson of Lethal Weapon of that basketball team true. This is very dry. Now. Here's the thing. I told mr. Black this about a year or two ago. I said no man. Yeah I said if here's my reason as to why we didn't win Regional finals and I said if we had kept John on the team or if he was able to mend fences and that in that area. I think we actually would have won that year because you brought some into other than being a loose cannon you brought something, you know. Oh to the court when you were on that I think our team needed and although that final game that we did lose you were there in attendance and you were the loudest person on the sidelines cheering us on and too bad too bad. We couldn't win it, but it was for part of the Year. Yes. He's Cannon and obviously in hindsight like I get it, but I remember that I was remembering especially the game. I quit that that last game. I actually put the game that we played. I think it was LCC. Uh-huh. It was their tournament is when I broke my wrist. Hey, exactly. Yeah, exactly. So I remember yes. I remember this is why I quit so I Remember I went on in the second half with like a minute 20, right and I guess I was just so pumped up in that minute 20. I went off right so I have like one of those like Reggie Miller, you know, like number one Reggie Miller hit like the cupcakes the mix. Yeah. Yeah against the Knicks like back. I'm not comparing myself. You were the Reggie Miller of high school. That's what it is. Both timer, obviously, I'm not comparing myself to Reggie Miller but I felt I was just that day. I really felt like I was in the zone and I was really upset that I wasn't playing and he puts me on with a minute 20 and in that minute 20, I think I score like I don't remember what how much I scored and then had a steel had a block at an assist, you know, and then I actually hit a buzzer beater at the Hat. I remember that. And I remember Henry I was close to pass it to Greg. He was posting up and I was supposed to and then I was just you know screw this. I'm taking a shot at hit the buzzer beater three and then when we came back from the half I felt on you know, and and even the guys knew. Oh, wow, you know John's hot today, whatever and he didn't put me on until the fourth quarter. And then I was just with like a minute left again. I was like, you know screw this I'm out. Which was upsetting thing. I remember being in that like I said upstairs in that Lounge talking and trying to convince you to not quit and so I was disappointed because I enjoyed playing with with you. I it was it was fun for me, you know, but but that that was you know for me going to that school that was one of the reasons why was because of basketball, but I look back after 20 years and it was one of the most impacting years on a relational stem standpoint because I made some Pretty incredible friendships with people that I've held onto all these years like Greg and I were friends since great three. We went to school before that. We were even born in the same Hospital the same day, but we yeah, he switched schools the year before I did and so it was an easy switch for me after but the friends that I made like yourself and the names I use when I talk to people puff and Scalzo, you know, people think I have some weird friends. I used to teach all the time. They're like Manuel Friends that you have a mic well puff wasn't his given name that was a recreational name, you know, so it's a you know for me I look even miss small who I'm sure we'll talk about some point like those friendships and relationships that I've built. I'm super thankful that I switch that last year and sometimes even say I wish I would have switched earlier. Yeah. I've been in around those relationships a lot longer but you know, I'm thankful for but but I won't take too long on that because I want to give you a chance to talk this afternoon. What was that about? Not a doubt. No question best five years of my life. Best relationships I've ever made I've made outside of their honestly good relationships a handful be while when we were in there is just like everybody was just epic right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, so since then it's been 20 years let everybody know kind of where you're at. What do you do for a living and I definitely have follow-up questions after you answer that. All right. Um, does anybody really care? All right. So for 10 years after Cartier After High School, I started, you know II had done stand-up when I was like 16 started that then when I went to so I went to see Shep after did creative arts made a bunch of stupid projects and then I really just tried to get into like entertainment. And did so so well, it wasn't very stable until I ended up posting radio and television. So I hosted this eventually hosted this like TV show and at the same time I was doing these like, you know, you know random random jobs on the side, right and just like having this like working as a busboy in a restaurant, but then I was also hosting TV and blah blah all the stuff right and then I just found it a little too unstable, you know, I grinded really hard for like 10 years and I really wasn't where I wanted to be after 10 years, you know, even after hosting TV and radio was It like yeah, man, it's like your I was working so hard and I was getting poorer. It's like I'm working. I'm working just as hard as my friends who had done the natural things in life of you know, you go to school. A lot of my friends have had one job their entire careers, you know what I mean? It's like yeah I get out. I do a professional career and then I get out of school and now I work for this company and they still work there and so now at my a job Say it 36 they're kind of killing it. All right, and so I found that I was putting in all this effort and the return was just not there. So then after 10 years. I was just like, you know, I got to do something, you know, and then me and my brother would literally having a legit conversation. Okay. So what are you good at? You know and then I I said a random idea and I'm like, well, what about you know, what about hairdressing? What about being a barber / hairdresser? And my brother was like well, that's a stupid idea. That's a horrible. and then he thought about it and he was just like Yeah, no, wait a minute. That's probably a really good idea don't want to work in an office. You're definitely not made for an office and then he yes, and then I just I looked into that and I immediately just blindly jumped into hairdressing and then did that for now 10 years 26 to 36, which is crazy and now yeah, man just Open my own shop. And now I'm actually all that to go all the way back 20 years before I'm actually a teacher teacher. Yeah the school, you know bigger than the Class Clown the school idiot is now A teacher and I honestly love it. Yeah, so so how did you find like so I comedian, you know a lot of stuff that involves humor? Yeah, go to hairdressing which you know, you said it was just more of a conversation you had with your brother and it turned into that. So so from there, how does that turn into teaching like the someone come to you or did you just apply for something? How did that happen? Yeah. So what I used to host events, like over ten years ago, right? Well now to yeah. Years ago I had met one of these women who was doing the hair on on those shows that I was hosting across Montreal, you know, a little events here and there and yeah, I was doing so many things at that time man. I was like, I was a mascot for Concordia. No ways. Yeah. Yeah. I did. I did everything. I'll do you remember you remember Brian borbon a I don't think I do soccer player. R44 cartoons that that helps that helps. Well, I remember he off know maybe he graduated the year before. Yeah when you came in we were inside finds true. Anyway, he was my one buddy who knew he was I actually had carte say he's my one buddy that knew that I was the mascot and everyone was telling them. Hey, you know, they got a new black girl to do Buzz because I was like doing all the like single ladies that like dancing. They thought you were a black. Yeah, they're like a new bus and he's like yeah, he's actually Harry white Italian guy from long game. Oh man, that's great. But uh, but yeah, so then so I was doing all these events at the time and the woman that I saw let's say she was the hairdresser on those events. And this was even before or I wouldn't hairdressing and then like fine made good connections with her and and then yeah years later. She saw that I was a hairdresser. I said, yeah, I'm going into your field and all these years later. She saw you know where I was coming from. Let's say from that like entertainment background and then she saw that my work in hairdressing. She saw that I took it very seriously. And and then a position opened up and she was like, yeah, I really think that you would be a perfect fit for this. You know, like you're your current in the salon like you're in salons right now type of thing and you're good with people. I think you would have good communication skills to teach the students of all ages, right? That's cool. So now with your own salon and yet when you said you said okay, I got to find one of my life that actually has a return on investment. How does that done for you? Like you see it as like man. That was the right decision for me. Absolutely. I mean II wanted freedom of oh-ho-ho from wanted Freedom now, it's like I've no freedom, but now it's like I'm getting Appointment people are asking for appointments are like one in the morning. I'm just like oh god. Oh man, did I do but no. No, honestly, it's just yeah man, it's it's it was necessary. I didn't want to like I was tired of working in salons man. I was tired of being I want to make my own schedule. I want to make my eye, you know, Yeah, no, it needed to be done. That's really cool. So here's a question that I actually asked you recently. I didn't know this when I guess said I only really got to know you for one school year. Okay, and I went to your house. I think once ring by Edouard multi. Yeah, and I met you met your mom but didn't meet your dad and Yes, actually recently after years of knowing you I asked you hey like I've never asked you about your dad yeah me and your response was pretty interesting well tell me a bit about family life growing up and what that was like specifically, you know, like the relationship with your dad how that yeah the direction that went in okay, so if we were to say can I start this? Okay straight Up, you know, it's like when they say people, you know, we don't believe in stereotypes and stuff. But like I'm almost like I'd like to say for some things. I'm not a walking stereotype and for the things, you know, I guess I really am grew up living with my Italian family. You know, my grandparents are in the house. My mom's in the mall my brother's live there, you know, you live there till her like 30 years old so it's like and yes. Unfortunately, my dad was I hate to say it but I don't really care was a gangster. I know right? So so my so I didn't grow up with my dad and mom left him very early on and so I was like, I don't know. What was that like four years old? Oh, sorry one second. This is not a turn my phone off. Sorry. Did you hear that? I heard that so everybody will know that people are still trying to book you to do your hair right now. That's what happens to guys with with these hair salon people. They're always in conversation here. Oh, man, I feel bad. I know I'm sorry. I'm closing. Oh, it's all good. It's all good. People already think that you're you know, very monotone and no excitement level anyways, so we're good. Oh my God, the phone rings during the interview. You definitely are a celebrity right now. I brought my dad into the country my dad from Italy that's what immigration goes wrong the wrong person. You know, so my mom brings this guy into into Canada she meets him in Italy and it turns out to be the worst decision. You could have possibly made. You know, I'm starting to question. My mom's like like you clear, please don't read people very well, but anybody, you know all turned out for the better, right? Like she has her kids and everything. But so she gets these she brings this guy in from Italy and You know, he obviously doesn't have really good intentions. He comes here. He starts doing really bad things. And so then my mom, you know, obviously having four kids, you know, it was obviously tough for her she needed a way out. And so finally she you know, she divorced him he would he actually went to jail for like over a decade and yeah, so she divorced him and you know, he left her in debt then like, you know, everything you can imagine that someone does bad to other people and including your family. My dad did all of those things right? Wow. And so I think it's so, you know, like I said, I didn't really grow up with him. I bet him a handful of times one of those times was in prison, right? So, you know and yeah, so never really had a relationship with them. I think my earliest memory. What can I say things like this? Sure? Yeah. Okay. I think my earliest memory was like he crashed like one of my brother my brother's birthday and obviously every time he was there was just like commotion. It was like off and I was 4 years old, but I still remember this and If he crashes the birthday and I remember he took like the cake knife and he like swung it at my mom. Like it was really bad. Like it was his bad and I remember just watching this as a child and I remember the police came the crowd plus them. It's like everything you watch in TV shows. I can't believe it's like this happened when I was a kid, you know, and I honestly think that you know, because we experienced so much trauma As kids growing up. I really think that that's where You know we talked about that thing like laugh at funerals and stuff. Yeah, you know clearly not funny events that happen, but we just made fun of them and it's like so, you know, you have this guy who's horrible treats his family bad, but I guess it was just making fun of these situations that kept us going right. Hmm. So I think that's kind of where Laughing at everything comes from my baby. I don't know so I know when we first like when I first asked this question you answered with that's where you get a lot of your humor from yeah, you know dealing with that whole thing. So my question was going to be you know, what what do you think are the you know positives that came out of a situation like that and then on the flip side, is there ever been a moment in your life where you saw the negative effects of not having a dad present in Less absolutely. I can answer the both of those. It's all again dealing with pain, right? So again, and I think I've always dealt with pain in a very funny way always seeing like You know not trying to make the situation funny but it's just like even if you're in like full your heart broken or you're in full rage, like there's funny that comes out of that right like just being in that moment. So I will say this the thing that I wished okay for everything I didn't have let's say as a with a dad growing up we definitely like let's say my mom was phenomenal right? So my mom Let's say you know, my mom was epic really like, you know, you raise four kids on your four boys on your own, you know, she's definitely given a lot of love maybe too much at times. You know what I mean like Barry like but but I can't knock her. It's like that's she did her role very well. Like when you think like evolutionarily speaking the mother is there to provide love and support and my mother did that to the max even to the point where it's like annoying. It's like bomb. Okay. Let me do my laundry. Let me cook my own meals, you know what I'm saying? But it's like she did that but I think the thing you not obviously I'm not saying mothers can't provide guidance they can but I think there's a level of guidance that Dad can provide that I definitely did not have and I think if I would have had it I'm not saying all Not enough, no guidance of not succeeding in life. I just wish that if I did I think I could have saved a couple of years right with just a bit of guidance, you know someone to be there. Okay, what's the game plan? Yeah, you know lets you know someone to tell you okay, here's how you deal with your emotions. Here's here's okay. So next year, you're graduating School. What's the plan and then when you do that, okay, what's the plan for next year? What's the plan for the year? Laughter, I think there's something that a dad good dad. Can I don't know. I don't know. I feel like that's almost like a I hate to say it. I don't want to give you know, we're 2020 here Ken. We did I can't get I got to be careful what I say, but you know, I just find that, you know a mother in general, you know mothers are just going to IHOP says start a sentence with in general stupid is way too, you know, my mother's dead. The offer the love and the dad can be there for the guidance, even if you know you fight with the dad or whatever. The dad is very can be disciplined but keeps you on path. I never had that. I wish I had that yeah, so so not having that wishing you had that at some point. They're like I know for example to myself and I never forget this conversation you and I had told you in our last year of high school that my dad was actually traveling to live somewhere else for work and And you know, I was like, oh that's interesting. And I remember you saying to me man. That sucks and you were like you trying to tell me that you shouldn't want that to happen and I didn't understand that then I think I kind of get it. Now. You know what you're what you're talking about. Like, you know having your dad drive away. You have a much better memory than me. So you remember conversations that we had 20 years ago, and I I really I really do that actually, but what we had we had this Conversation and you know and that never until this moment right now having this conversation with you, you know, I understand a little bit where that that sentiment came from now having said that for me one of the things that has been important in my life, it's my dad's not a part of my life anymore. And you know, I don't even I don't know where where he is if he's even alive. I know at one point. He had a few things where I think it was a stroke or something that so I don't know where my dad's at now having said that That in my life. There's been so many moments that I found men that I saw as Role Models now I can we talked about mr. Black already, but but him for me after I graduated I spent time going back to the school and coaching and there was an investment that he made in my life just conversations. I remember we drove one time to a basketball tournament when I was coaching with him and and the conversations we had were something that I needed, you know. You know as a man growing up trying to learn things but not having that voice in my life. But I remember a pastor of mine the first time I ever did like a you know a time where I spoke at a church. He had me come in the day before and had me speak to him and he helped walk me through. What does it sound like to be a preacher? How do I do that? And really walked me through that so I hadn't been at the right moment my father-in-law now step into my life and and give me the wisdom that where I was stage of life. I would say That I needed for you. Was there ever you know, that kind of person that you relied on maybe siblings? I don't know but who were who was that person that you went to for that? You know? Hey, my dad's not here, but I still need someone to speak into my life. Did you have that? Who was that? I'm sorry to hear about all that stuff brother. I didn't know yeah and congratulations again on being a pastor and halakhah like I mean, we knew it 20 years ago bro, and I mean That's one thing man. You you really did it. You did it did it. It's incredible. You said you were going to do it and you did it. It's epic Okay, so Are you saying specifically male? Figure doesn't have to be but who was that? Like you say guidance? Who was that person that you were able to rely on for that specific guidance at whatever stage you were at you needed. I will say definitely strong family, right so very tight family. So obviously I'm the young I'm the youngest of four brothers. So let's say my brothers always looking to my brothers always deep conversations with my brother's they're definitely there to tell you. I think it's important to the worst thing that you you can ever get is people just Things like when something goes wrong, let's say a girl leaves you or whatever that is and then people say, oh don't worry that person will regret it that or it's something on the out but if they're never looking at you is like well, what could you have done? You know when I find that dealing with my brother's was they were real and they still are real conversations about, you know, taking that responsibility of you know, you can't just accept all the good as well. Yeah. I Did that and all the bad is well that happened to me. That's not fair. You know what I mean? So definitely my brothers were definitely there to give me the real real talk so I can definitely say Obviously let's say no dad but in terms of like Father figures I have my you know, my grandfather pretty funny. But yeah, my grandfather my brother's I will say in obviously my mother is obviously He always there to listen outside people that I could always go talk to I will say Obviously in high school and even a little bit outside of Highschool. Obviously Natalie small, right, you know, like, you know looking back now, it's like I didn't even realize but looking back now. I know she's probably going to listen to this right your fears for sure. She is well, I think Looking Back Now things Like I would spend like every the last let's say 15 minutes. First of all, I had her as a teacher for five years straight. I had her for drama English and then I would spend we would actually spend the last 15 minutes minimum of every lunch hour together, right so she would say, oh come meet me over here. We would meet like outside. Should we go take a breath of fresh air fresh air. And we would go just talked and laughed for like the last 15-20 minutes of lunch break and she was always there just to talk listen laughing. You know, it's funny. I only realized like that's crazy like this woman didn't owe me Jack S. I told you I'd keep it PG, you know, and she was always there to talk and I only like saw when I when I grew up. Older like I started to really like become conscious of like how amazing that was. It was like you you didn't need she didn't need to do that. Yeah, and and she would offer things like guidance and she's the one who actually let's say give me toward entertainment all the wouldn't work out. But she was still there, too. You know talk some sense into Me Guide Me Like, although we just had these conversations and it was always absolutely hilarious. We just talked and laughed but there was a molding and shaping and guiding that was just that was done there and I only realized that years later and like obviously and I'm obviously super appreciative of that. Right like she didn't seem have to do that. Yeah total. Look. I'm not a kid. Absolutely. Absolutely, and this is you know, it's funny like just to stay on the the Natalie small conversation. You know, I got when I described her because I also talked about her when I go places to talk to like church groups or whoever and I tell people you know, she was that teacher who probably would have showed up at parties, you know, and and just because she was so highly relational with students and I you know, it's funny the nickname I had in one year of high school. I had one nickname. High school and I got it my last year of high school and it was churchy and and most kids get nicknames from other students by was given to me by a teacher and and and she actually reminded me of how came up. She asked in one of our drama classes. We're in the same class you and I and she asked the question. Yes. She says she says in the classrooms goes who really goes to church anymore anyways And apparently like I put my hand up and like I do and you know, even between us like, you know coming from different I guess belief backgrounds and Faith backgrounds her and I have built a pretty good relationship over the years and you and I we both know she's gone through some things over the last couple months with her with her dad and dad passing away. And so miss small. We know that if you're listening to this we have been thinking about you and I know I've been praying for you and and Family during this time. We do love you, and and I honestly say like when I talk about Miss small just the the impact she's had on people because like you said she cared even though she didn't have to and yeah, and and it was just something for her that she knew like look I see someone like John and I want to invest life into him because there's potential there's Talent there's giftings that I want to see come out of him and he's going to need this voice in his life. And so I know for me Me I know for yourself and I'm sure there's many others that what Miss small did with Nellie small did for many of us. I know it's so appreciated and even to this day I talked about her with you know, I always laugh because you know, I tell my wife I'm like listen to what Miss small wrote on on Facebook because she she shoots from the hip. She just shared what's going on. Yeah. She doesn't care who you are what you think and that's what I love about her because you When she's giving you a compliment it's honest, it's genuine. She's not saying that just to make you feel good because if you're doing something dumb she's going to tell you you're being dumb and and here's the thing. It's it's the whatever it is. It's It's the truth. It is doesn't matter if it's harsh doesn't matter if it's you know, it feels good or whatever it is. What she's going to tell you is the truth. It's always been the truth and and but he it's almost like I feel like that set me up in life for disaster. Why why because here's the thing. You meet all these I'm I feel like I met all these unbelievably good people at such an early age. People that are going to give you the truth and then you go out in the real world and I hate to say it but there's a lot of phonies. Yeah, absolutely, you know people that are gonna do things in your face and do other things behind your back and so it's almost like I felt you know, it's almost like you establish this trust me you I would do anything like when we were in high, I would do anything for you. I would do anything for all of those guys and girls and for Natalie. Lie back in the day because you knew everybody was just giving you the real deal. You meet all these great people and then it's almost like you go through life and you work in these businesses or whatever and it's like people aren't that it's usually it's weird right totally 100% Why you remember all these that's why I remember all these people from back in the day cuz I'm like, what are the greatest people I've ever met. I That back in the day stuff. For those of you who don't know. That was one of John's fancy time on social media, which I pretty much enjoyed but you know, it's funny. I tell people all the time that and there's different reasons, but if I can go back to a part of my life, it would be too high school specifically great 11, even though there's some friends that I built relationships with and you know from elementary school. Lon that when I left rvr I left out some of them graduated because I stayed back a year, you know, I think it'll people often times and you know, I have great memories but I often say I wish I can go back to high school and part of the reason is because of who I am now. I feel like I missed out on what I could have done them and the impact I feel like I could have had on people when I was in high school the the things that I've learned along the way how it's not about me that it's about other people, you know if I could have it. Demented that back then and still been the same type of person, you know humor, you know Sports all I miss Sports I could get a scholarship today. But you know, I just I just thought you I miss I miss that point of my life. Well, you know, it's crazy to think that it was 20 years ago, you know insane. Yeah, absolutely. So insane insane. Yeah, it's it's crazy how fast it goes out. You know, I have four kids now, you know. There's actually a nickname I got when I was working at the store. So you won't talk about you know doing other jobs to do what I do. Now. I want point. I worked for the source for just a tiny bit and they called me for kids because all of them are pretty much still kids. And so they interesting. Yeah, I don't know how you do it ever since I started adult life. I don't have time for anything. Yeah. How do you do with kids? Well now the only thing I have Time for is mental help because you know, I just you know for kids is a lot Jim Gaffigan if you know that is he said my favorite comedians when he said you want to know is like to have four kids pretend you're drowning and someone throws you a baby. You know, that's that's really accurate. You know, I have three three daughters first and then I had my son, you know, so it was it's been an interesting ride, but you know, I'm learning a lot. As a dad and you know the day that happens for you it honestly is the craziest thing and and you know, I don't think I've matured, you know a whole lot on high school, but you know, yeah, I know like I still feel like I can go to high school and like hang up people and be cool. Do you know well, that's a nice cool that good. Well, I tell people all the time John John when I describe John Chichi on I'm like the most popular guy in our high school, you know. I said I kid you not, you know, I even tell them you won't remember. This is my memory again one time. You pulled me aside. It was after school and you're like, hey, man, I want to show you something and you showed me breakdance moves you have been working on and like I haven't really shown anybody this but I've been trying to learn how to break break dance. Maybe it was it was for one of our MTV - Carter. Oh, no, it was good. He's could do the windmill over and over again. It was it was fantastic. Wow that but here's how I'd love to you know, as we wind down this interview, which I would love love for it to continue longer, but I do have some stories that I want to bring up that glass questions W I said, hey if anybody has any stories that John can either explain or elaborate on or something. So one of the came to me and you recognize where it comes from right away from one individual and they told me to ask you about in great a How you stole a play without any lines you had no lines, but you just came out as a fat man and you stole the show without having any actual lines in the show. Do you remember this moment? I think I think I would. Oh, yeah. Well, that's obviously from Natalie when you probably left the post out. She was the only one that really wrote back. She had whole list though. Yeah. I'm sure she's got a list, right? Yeah, and no thinking that play I was two characters and one of the characters. I think what like later it like it was a long play one of them. I was like a security guard at one point and for I think a large majority of that play I was just like yeah an old fat guy. I was just supposed to be in the background, you know, but now thinking back I probably it's probably not what you want to do, but I Probably upstage the person that now here's the thing. I wasn't doing it on purpose, but I think you know, you're supposed to be in the background and I guess we're I think I was coming in. I'm not sure if I had an old lady with me and we were just like old people in an art gallery in a museum or something and I don't I got to be honest. I don't remember what I was doing, but I remember That I think I think I think it went. Well, that's why I'm sure but I think it's a bad thing to write because I think I people weren't watching the play and then they started watching the background. So I guess this was a bad thing. But so let me ask you this question if you remember this is about me, but you were in the class and I remember you being the one who probably cheered the loudest so great 11 drama class are finalized. It was it was really fun. We had one final project where you're with a partner and a small gave us lines that we have to practice now for anybody. Listen to the story and your part of the church world. I don't actually even you're not a part of the church. Well, I don't swear. I don't use bad language and and everybody knew that I didn't swear, but my line had two very bad words in it and and I said to myself, you know what I'm not going to Students whenever I practice with Christopher Scalzo, who is my partner at that time, I would always say I remember the part of the line. I said good nigger opposites. I said I said in my line I said, I worked down the hall from the bleep and president the bleeping president, but I'd always just say freaking president because I didn't swear. So we practiced and rehearsed with me saying the censored version and I remember it was the day that we actually had to perform for. our grade and and I chose to use the words that were, you know, given in the script and I'll never forget because it felt like the entire room stopped breathing and crisp houses scowls eyes went super wide and just stared at me and the moment Miss small said and seeing the whole place specifically you erupted with oh my gosh, maybe not as centered as I just put it right there, but Church a swearing I'm going crazy and remember small saying to me she was Adam. Let me just say this good on you for doing it, but it doesn't sound good coming out of your mouth. Like you probably know. She said you probably shouldn't swear ever again, you know, but that was that was it was interesting. But so you steal the show now, here's one story from me that I want to ask you just to tell people to her life. You will remember this. It's because I actually remember it happening on two occasions one was the big performance in one was I think when we had talent shows like at lunchtime when I think this small was like away from school for a little bit. And yeah, we had that guy chased was their teacher and he left pretty quickly after so yes, so Daniel for Gionee hosted like a lunchtime talent show, which was like My crew has that many talents and you showed up and it ended up being like the opening to our to bomb event, which was Livin la Vida. Broca where you were a homeless person and you took the words from Livin La Vida Loca at turned into living la Vida. Broca. Could you explain where your inspiration from this case? Where did that creativity come from? Well, I grew up in the ghetto Adam. What do you want? Yeah, I grew up in and so yeah. No, I remember I used to host all the shows and had to come up with bits between Every Act. And then yeah, man did the the parody I guess I at the time look I didn't invent parodies weird alligator. 80s here or whatever and so yeah, I thought that that would be you know, everybody would get in on that joke, right, you know, so I thought it would be an epic way to start the show living la Vida bro living la vida loca don't even know the real words. You know, I remember like some of the lyrics of your song actually, you know, I might not be able to sing them on this podcast. I actually don't know the words you don't well I'm into prostitution with women even me. So anybody hearing that this were not my Lyrics these were this person's lyrics and in high school remember he was in character as wasn't really what he was into. This was his character. Okay. Now having happy having said that I got to be his backup singer. Now if you if anybody listening to this you have to Picture This was the opening to a huge like talent show event that we would have every single year or school is still have it and It had backup dancers. I was one of the backup singers with Nick veccio and I had my shirt had a cutout in the in the in the stomach part and it said feed me on my stomach. Oh my God, actually, you know, what's so funny? And now I remember that I was looking actually through the yearbook for not. Well, I found randomly the yearbook not long ago. There's a picture of that there is yeah. There's a picture of that honestly. I wish I had it on me, right? Man, there's a picture of that performance of Upp. That was I think one of my few appearances in the answers. Yes, it was incredible. It was incredible. All right, here's one that that same person asked me to ask you this and it didn't give your quickest. I guess story version of this this story. This week is version of this story. And that was you went on a silence Retreat. Oh Oh God, so tell me why and what was that like for you silence right out? Okay. I'll try to make this fast. Okay, so long story hopefully sure. Sure. So one time addicted this was yeah. Okay, so I went on a 10-day Meditation Retreat. Wow. But here's the thing. I actually went it was Honestly by accident. So yeah, you're like my how do you do that by accident? Right. So after high school, I was probably like 22 at the time and me and my brother on Sundays. We were taking a yoga class. Okay, so our friend from McDonald's partake was the yoga teacher. So we're like, oh, let's just go do yoga with Don, you know, why not? It'll be fun, you know, so then shoes I started explaining these things like oh, I went to Thailand. I went to India these you know, I did these 10-day silent Meditation Retreat. She's since done like I think it's like 21 days in the dark Meditation Retreat. And so I saw my brother was super into it and I had no idea how serious this thing was to my boobs are kill Matt who do this thing called meditation clean. I'm gonna clear my mind. So then I was just like, you know, what put my name on the paper. Why not not doing how serious this thing. Actually it is so I go out there. It's in the middle of now. I think it's in Montebello. So it's called The Meditation Retreat and and regarding what one thing I liked about it was it didn't have anything to do with any sort of let's say religion that you are they go we accept any and all Religion the whole point is to just come here. And you know, you're just focus on your thoughts and Sensations pretending anyway, so So I get there. I'm in the middle of nowhere. And so then my brothers like yeah, well. I'm not going what do you mean? You're not going. So then I'm I'm telling you that I am in the middle of nowhere now. And I don't know what I'm doing. Then I find out that it's 10 days of no contact whatsoever. There's no physical contact. There's no verbal contact goes no no eye contact. There is no contact then they take all of your possessions and belongings away from you. So now I think okay. I mean, I'm in some kind of cult now. This is going to be like Jonestown. I don't know what's going on. So I'm very leery of this whole situation. So then I you know, whatever. I give it a shot and basically what it is. It's called the passion or 50 sign out whatever it's basically, okay. So here's what kind of 21 he went what it is sure. Okay very quickly. So basically it's the only thing that the Buddha ever came up with so there's like a 5000 year old very of the simplest of the simple simple meditation types of meditation. Basically you just sit down and observe your Sensations, right? I'm obviously simplifying it. But so so I'm at this Meditation Retreat and again, no contact no nothing. So you're basically meditating from for you get up at 4:00 in the morning. I had never seen four in the morning until and then you're doing it until about 9:00 at night. And so then they tell you that, you know, you're going to be okay, so there's going to be two meals per day. So there's going to be a meal at there's going to be breakfast at 6 a.m. Then there's going to be lunch at 11:00 a.m. And then nothing so you just you fast, so I remember one day. I want to go like I'm like, okay, so I'm going to go to breakfast but first before I go to breakfast, I'm going to go shower up fix my room, you know, whatever. So I go do that and then I show up to breakfast. I don't know maybe 20 minutes 30 minutes late. So by the time I get there all the food has now been eaten. So I'm like looking at these like pots of like oatmeal everything's done. It was like barley and everything's done. I'm looking at the fruits are all eaten and then it's like How you supposed to ask for food? Well, there's no verbal contact. There's no nothing and no one's even in the place. I start banging on pots and pans. But anyway, so from that day forward, you better believe when I heard the lunch Bell. I was literally Usain Bolt all you heard was and then just do the first one in line taking double Porsche differences, but I remember, you know, I remember there was one, you know, one of the things is that you take this like vow of silence, right? So, Break the silence and so I remember there was this one guy and we're so crammed in this meditation room. And I remember out of nowhere man. I just shoot out this huge yawn. I was just like, yeah, but I'm like right beside him right in his ear. And so that like the guy who literally like this kind of pissed off and turns around and lets me like, you know, what the I just looked at it I was like, oh sorry, bro, and I was like, oh, I broke the I broke the I broke the silence. So I will say this it was definitely 10 days of Silence. It was the worst experience. That I've ever had in my entire life. That's cool. Did your brother set you up to go by yourself? I don't know but then it turns out like I don't know 14 years later. He finally goes this way. He just he just went out. Wow. That is that is that is what I don't know what I'ma Do it to no one and everyone. That's awesome. It is absolutely brutal. That's fine. You know when I when this question came to me asked about the the silence Retreat, I'm like how in the world did John stay quiet for that long and not make anybody else talk, you know. Oh man. Yeah. It was I'm telling you imagine me the guy who doesn't shut the heck up silent for 10 days. I will say this though on the last day of the last Afternoon of the last day they tell you. Okay, the silence is broken. You can now talk to people honestly, you don't even know these people and you're literally hugging everybody like yours like oh my God you feel so you'd like suffered together. You know what I mean? And you feel so like it's insane. It's insane. Here's a here's a quick question. It wasn't going to be a part of it. But I just thought of it you're talking, you know, you said before, you know, when you when I said, I was a pastor you're like man you did it like you Said you were going to do it you did so. You know, I'm sure you met people who went to church. Yeah, what was your opinion of somebody who who actually cared about the fact that he went to church like what? No, I mean High School had the nickname churchy a few people likes causal was the first person to actually ask me to come to church remember what he said to me right outside of mr. Gentiles glass. He's like, he's like a churchy what times you that I'm like for what like I was so confused as to why he want to know and I picked him up and he's like, yeah because you Perhaps the church and my yeah, he had his hair slicked back and probably just finished smoking but hair slicked back and he's like, I'm so happy. I'm so nervous. I'm like, yeah, you should be you know, like it was it was, you know, fun for me to bring friends with me to church, but I never forget this one moment. I was run extra laps at basketball. And you said you said this is your getting your Powerade unwrapping the power Ray that you bought from the machine and you like hey shirt see where's your God now? And as you said that you dropped all of your money. Into the garbage can and you said to me while writing those suicides you like? I will never make fun of your God again. Anyways this for me the best part sticks in my mind, but having said that what thinking of me this church Christian guy, what was your what was your feeling towards? Someone like me back in high school? I mean doing that in mind. I am Catholic right? I did my you know, I did baptism 100% but you had a different view of faith and and if we build a temple confirmation Did by you know, like my grandparents or in church every week and still are you know, I mean, yeah, just yeah. So what was my view of you? Yeah, like being someone who was that like because not everybody appreciates people who come from the faith background, right? Especially in today's culture. It's a lot different, you know, you know, there's different stereotypes. We have both people in the church and people outside of the church, you know, so what your mind were there any stereotypes back then of someone like myself who went to church definitely not for me. That's for sure. My view has always been this honor. It's not so much what the person does to get there and be that person. Yeah, as long as they become that person so whether it's meditation whether it's religion, whether it's you know, let's say you have a heavy Science Background, whatever it is for you. being more let's say compassionate empathetic understanding you know being able to control your emotions you know being kind to others whatever it takes for anyone to get there yeah I am I am supportive of that cool like so I definitely us we never like obviously we made gog's right you know whatever and I never took it personally either was we were friends I said I took jokes because we made jokes about everything right actly absolutely and and I think the difference here's the difference I think that we all kind of like especially back in the day and this is one thing I think that separates you know this obviously the outrage culture now but I feel like back in the day when we were in school I would say for the most part didn't carry your no one cared about race religion are our group Is called the nation of immigration. You know what I mean? It's like we were we were everything of of every religion you were ever and and even if we all made fun of each other it was in a way that we were all kind of in on the joke. Yeah. Do you know what I think there's a very big difference of especially now what it's like out there but and just like the Divide I feel like everyone would just laugh at everything and it brought us. So close. Those together. I think that's the point. Yeah, but definitely I know myself I don't care. What a person does as long as it as long as they're on the pain. They don't even need to be that person today as long as they're working toward being that a better version of themselves to again help others, right like like you said now now you're in a position to even if let's say not having the guidance like you said from your dad, but now you're in a position where you can offer that guidance you're going to have and you don't even just offer to your kids you offer to other peoples that again it's like in that Natalie small like thing where it's like you don't even owe it to that. You're doing it you're yeah, that's your calling. You know what I mean? Yeah. Absolutely. No, that's good John. I appreciate that. You know what? I know. This is especially high school kids who might listen to this because I speak lots of high school students, you know, I think coming from a church background some of them today do say it's difficult to be a Christian kid in schools and for whatever reason right and so it's good to hear what the opinion of you Someone who you know was you know, not necessarily would say that they went to church right and what their opinion of somebody, you know who did go to church was that it wasn't like they go to church. They're weird. It was hey, I respect you because you're you and your your person and all that kind of stuff. So I do appreciate this. So I definitely see the benefits man. I see the benefits one of the benefits I will say. Community right so you can think we're all trying to build some kind of community right and in high school the problem is kids can get caught up in the wrong. Let's say group but you're still have a sense of community except it's a destructive group. You may as well be part of a group that brings you some that brings you something, you know what I mean? So the community thing is is a big thing and just definitely just trying to better being more aware a more aware of whatever it is whatever anybody calls it your bad habits your you know like I said and and I definitely see the positives of having faith and having like I said it's not so much what it takes to get there it's what you're doing with it totally so make sense yeah no totally I really do appreciate that thought process and that feedback on that so here's my last question for you and hopefully it's on our last interview I'm hoping that a little project we've been talking about on the side works out but yeah so if we can pull that off with a few people that would be incredible and to have Miss small there to would be fantastic so so so here's the last question that I asked everybody on the show and that's this if Could go back to high school you and and tell High School you about life. Oh, oh my God, just in just a few. If you don't have to be, you know forever answer just like as easy of an answer as you can give what was the hell would you tell High School John about life? It is absolutely brutal. I would tell him that this High School significantly that high school is not real life. You know what I mean? Like I said again just because we were so I feel like no one cared about where you were from what you're really what your religion was what you're thinking like everybody was there was such. Strong sense of community there, you know, what would I tell? Young I would honestly I guess I meant what a question I would definitely stumped you on this one. Yeah. Well what I tell this guy hey hair isn't that bad? I definitely just try to kick some guidance into him right like it is going to be brutal out there I hate to say it I hate to say it but it really is brutal people you know I like to you know I would like to wish the best out of people right but you're going to do a life where it just so happens that a large majority of people I guess are obviously thinking about number one right so would be Oh, man, I don't regret the things that I did, right? Yeah. I don't I definitely don't regret the things that I did. So even if I made mistakes mistakes, right and quotations, I feel they were always well-intentioned mistakes. Like my heart was always in the right place so I couldn't go back and tell the kid to like follow your heart because I think I've always done that right? I definitely like I said I made mistakes mistakes with but I feel that the intentions behind the mistakes were always well intention really so I think I would just offer that kid more guidance I really think that that's the one thing that I really definitely lactams the one thing I could go back like I said I don't regret the mistakes because I learned a hell of a lot I hate to use the word balance that's fine you know so I can't take that back it's like and here's the thing it's like how do you learn without the pain true you know what I mean how do you learn without the pain yeah so safe safe safe to say guidance would be the biggest thing I can see that's it just give more but tell them when you start this you finish it look like in basketball things didn't go right suck it up and you finish it right yeah absolutely here's the thing everything in life there's an element to suck of everything right yeah the thing that we naturally do is we roam fantasize things right but there's an element that suck to everything that you're going to embark on and to kind of embrace that and and just stick it out just deal with the hard the things that you don't like because with all the things that you do like things don't like are inevitably going to be in there and just stick with it you know and I kind of learned that later on I stopped with hairdressing right I just stuck with it totally what would I tell I just guidance To offer more guy looks cool. Well, I appreciate that and you know John, I really appreciate you taking the time to talk with me for me. This has been one of my most entertaining podcast and and no offense to anybody else. Yeah that that is that one happens and I believe it will it's going to be an incredible podcast. But yeah, it does and you know, I'm just you know that I have you here, you know, we have a chance to talk to you and people to listen that even after 20 years and only knowing you for one school year is truly. I truly appreciate you as a person respected you the moment I met you at that school. I remember before I got to the school. We are at a San Bruno basketball term. I think it was we were playing in the back gym and telling you that I was probably coming to your guys school and I remember just, you know, being excited to get to know people like you and Henry was there and and I and I'm so thankful for that one year. I had a chance to get to know you and plenty of other people but specifically you right now that I'm with you here just that the conversations we got to have even when you know life was funny to us. We had some serious conversations and always been super appreciative of who you are and like you said like caring about people and following your heart. It's one thing I would say that I've noticed about you is that in the end. I've always seen you care for other people even in the middle of your jokes, even the middle of you know, you trying to steal a show as a fact that I you know, you know, like the you've you've always found those moments where you were able to flip a switch to show care and compassion to other people and so when I share stories about you I share stories of from a heart that was impacted by the life of junk and and so I'm super thankful for you and that you'd be willing to sit down and have this conversation with me and I look forward to more conversations. So Bro, it's absolutely my pleasure. I mean feeling is mutual. You're one of the most epic guys I've ever met man the real deal from being one appreciate that I appreciate that ever since then still one of my best buds. I appreciate that. Now if you're listening to this podcast any time wherever you might find yourself whatever situation you're Or in whatever, you know life you're living just want you to know that you know, things are difficult as John said this life can be brutal. But surround yourself with the right people surround yourself with people who aren't just going to make you feel good. But also going to tell you like it is and and I think having those people in your life are incredibly important to you as a person, you know maturing and developing into who you were supposed to be and And so if anything you get from this conversation today, I would love for you to hear that that who you surround yourself with is incredibly incredibly important. So thank you for listening to another episode of Jillian socks. Thank you to Our Guest John Chichi Oni. It has been a pleasure to have him on the on the podcast with us. And if you want to be on this podcast reach out to me, I'm just here to share stories and I love to hear your story. Every person's story is Valued it's important and even more than that. It's needed because every person's story has the ability opportunity to impact somebody else's life. Even if you don't realize it. It has the opportunity to do that. And so I'd love for you to share your story. So reach out to me on any one of our social media platforms, and let's get you on Juliet socks. Thank you so much and have a great day.