Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, bitch.That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a full-on as adult as a little is hard in and of itself. I mean, every existence is hard doesn't matter if you're 5 25 or 35. Mmm. There are challenges. Every step of the way. Yeah, but yeah, I think going from from this this world despite the how unhealthy and sort of toxic it toxic it had become it's it's hard to break Break Free of all of those like learned behaviors and and and they didn't start there. That's not that's not at all what I'm saying, but you got too comfortable there. Yeah, exactly and Yeah, I'm definitely on this this kind of crazy. Awakening Journey like my husband sleep for a minute. Yeah, it's not get up. Yeah. Yeah, you kind of like things about yourself that you kind of like. And that well, that's the beauty about kind of doing things and kind of like, you know being on your own and having time to think that being tied to someone is that you do have a lot of ability to try things and then trial and error you don't learn things as they are not necessarily have to filter them through another person's opinion and I want to touch on that just for a second. So I think I think that that is 100% accurate. I think what happens though is we we become afraid we become a Read that that Bond and that partnership isn't going to be there on the other side of trying to find yourself and figure your life out and I think that we're I think if you're not growing then you were on the other side. Yeah, like if you're here you you don't ever really have it figured out like you don't really know. It's something different at different times for the entire time that we're here. Yeah is what I think I don't know because But I am not at the end yet, but I think what's really scary about going from having the comfort of a partner even a partner that you you know, the two of you don't really work together. Like, you know, it's over it's time to go but you become afraid like you're afraid you're not going to find it again. You're afraid you're you're never going to have that so you're afraid to try these things and to experiment In to do all these different things to get to know what you do want because I think we are all very quick to understand what we don't want. Yeah. So learning what you do want is scary. Yeah. I mean, I think it's gonna come like jumping into a new relationship for me essentially because I'm such a product of being a millennial. It's kind of microwave Society where things kind of like you say microwave Society in America. Oh, sorry. Oh, yeah things you get distracted your costly I did with instructions. Yeah God so you really don't know what you want because you really it takes time to really understand things fully. We never really understand things fully. We really read the cliff notes views based on someone else's opinion because the world has gotten smaller were more were exposed to because varying different differences differences. And in other people's opinions so much more readily now, Then we were before we had time to kind of think about things and really understand how you thought about though that particular thing now, you can't be anywhere without seeing someone else's opinion. No, you can look at anything passing. Someone else's opinion about that thing that you did. So it's very hard for me to really understand like what I want a relationship because I'm a love that thing, you know for the first three months right now sure it becomes that graduation phase. Right now it's now. It's like oh this is just being with someone in right silence. So yeah and so is anyone so funny that you said that like so the first three months and then after you know, four months or whatever thanks kind of start to shift and change, right? Yeah, so I was recently having brunch with my best friend who I grew up with like soulmate best friend best best just best but my friend Heather she was talking to me about another one of our friends we grew up with who has divorced and is kind of seeing someone else and and she's done a lot of work in the in between of being divorced and seeing this new person and done a lot of research on how to have healthy and successful relationships. But one thing that Heather told me was that the the beginning the infatuation Raishin passion like lust period is four months. Yes. And so, you know, my friend to her Testaments super intelligent super smart. She is really apprehensive about giving in and things like that until they get past that point. Yeah to see if they truly connect it and like each other and like I think it's interesting because like you naturally sort of have discovered that yeah and like learned that like that after four months it everything. Kind of starts to chant. Yeah, it settles. Yes, everything settles like all the fireworks the yes the oh my gosh. We're such a true connection all that kind of sense of Discovery Discovery. So graduate yes averages of Discovery and kind of like start discovering like new president person. You're always like discovering is like right because I constantly changing right and you should always be discovering. Yes, but that initial. Yeah, I mean kind of like comparatively to You the discovery of the new world or when you know people really didn't have Maps design and they really didn't explore Western Hemisphere the world. It was such a new thing to report that there was new land found. You may understand you may discover a certain parts of the world that are you know, some discovered you go deeper we go the ocean like there's Parts as world that are very very much intact, but they're not as easily accessible. Right? I like we're going to sew like you have to go deeper and that takes a little more. Or you know resources in the more time. Yeah, so like yeah, all the surface things are that they've been discovered right? Like okay cool. Yeah. Now what now what and everything Saddles and you have to take your time and really get those deeper parts. And that's where you really think you have to have that connection you do you have to have it like you have to be in it each other. Yeah, and you have to be in the same place. Yes to be on the same level and in the same place. Willing to to work because at the old man, like honestly at the end of the day, every relationship is work. Yes. I mean it just is you have your good years you have your bad years and and I'm not saying that you should work through something that is unhealthy or anything like that. That's not at all what I mean, but you do have to be in a place with another person where you both want the same things and to work towards that there needs to be space to grow individually and A couple but I mean, I don't know this stuff is also hard because it's their Concepts and in one's brain, but until you you truly experience that with somebody. It still feels abstract. Yeah, it will make sense. Anyway, I mean like I mean, of course last time with Maya Angelou is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path when you walk it like, you know it you you experience it. That's an experience walk it like a taco. This dance is brought to you by it's just like kind of Talk about the facts about a relationship in the theories and the Avengers then they're all theories until they're tested and some of them that most of them are going to go out the fucking window here at different place of a new ones hundred percent which are going to experience is like mmm either I didn't go about this way with the full with the right intentions. Hmm. And you know, I have to convert this with a new approach or at least be completely honest and have no mask in this relationship. I have to really just kind of be vulnerable and naked. Yeah. Sometimes you can try and disprove a theory with the wrong approach. Hmm, and I'd be like well, I didn't work was like yeah. No, it didn't work did it you didn't used to do work? Yeah. I just sent this this funny meme is a baby Yoda meme to to a buddy on Instagram and then it's you know, it's baby Yoda, and the the caption is when you're 20 minutes into a conversation or an argument, you're 20 minutes into an argument and you realize you missed. Understood something. Yeah, and it's like we don't even know how to backtrack at that point. Like there's no like you you can't really ha step it out because you're already in it everything. You can't backpedal as my mom always says too late to backpedal now girl. Just gotta go ahead and take that. He's a crow. Yeah, you know, like what do you you're mad emotions like it's just that was vulnerability has to become a thing you have to do and I think you have Even if it feels uncomfortable at first, it's always you have to trust that person to be able to accept you as you are and the person has to have you know be able to understand the other guy fucked up my bad. Yeah. I mean like I totally thought you said this one thing. Yeah, just being that such a we're all trying to manipulate and trying to cheat the way or manipulate the system to put could be in our favor. Oh absolutely were like, I understand that. We're just working in the same team right like that's yet. That's that's such a huge component of Like trying to make a relationship work is like we're on the same team like we both want this to work right? Like if this is a non-negotiable for you, like I have to accept that like got it. Yeah. Okay like that sucks for me. Alright probably sucks for you time to make that decision. I think it just sucks all the way around right, but if you live you really want that thing to work and you what you'll do is you'll you try your best to stretch yourself. Mmm. I think again not for anything unhealthy, right? Right, right. I think if it's something that's just is diametrically opposed to what what you represent your core values. Yes, then yeah, you should should not do that thing. But if it's something that you feel like all right, I've just not really taking the time to build as part of my character or my my wheelhouse is not my wheelhouse right? I mean, this is a certain things that are just like my Love Like Love Languages being able to communicate on their level of language being like that's not our wheelhouse, but I need to stretch my Because I want to make this work with you. So I think that that's so somebody asked me what my love language was and I was like hmm all of them. Like I was like both both a president. Can I get some time with you? Can you please touch me right words of affirmation? Please reassure me you can you can have two three like all those things are nice that's different to be like I like all those things but more so just like there are certain things that are just that just weren't valuable that really communicate. I feel loved and I communicate this way to you because I want to show you that I love you, right? So this is really just an addict is how the just priori in which you actually display and receive love. Yes. So you're going to have dominate that they things that you really just mean something you wrote because your childhood and your relationship your parents or if your friendships that you can develop and you really like have a Soft spot for that matter unless you have like yeah, you know people being able to write notes and put them in your locker that's worth some information just like I do love a handwritten personal gifts, like certain things like that or acts of service like me like that like accessories like last what shape I was in she really loved as a service and then words of affirmation affirmation. So communication was really strong for her. She needs to know where you're at and Trust And you're gonna be there. Hmm, and also that's a service actions. Hmm. So picking her up from school. Yeah was a big thing, you know not feeling me asking her and be like, hey, you know you a long day and so it sucked out the driver like ride your bike even though it's only 10 minutes away in the middle of winter. Hmm. Just pick you up here and I'll just be here if that I didn't just like get away for a little bit. Yeah, he'd if I have to go back and just like just we I'm there. For 15 minutes after she goes and have to go back to work, right? Yeah. There's actually service is real. Okay, cool. You went out of your way to help me out. So I didn't have to be like me. It's not that means a lot to me. I think yeah, and I think that being able to like is you kind of touched on it briefly but being able to receive love like how do you receive love because receiving love is hard receiving love is harder than giving love and you mean I think like for me Receiving love is very hard and it's very scary. I think. I think most people are extremely sensitive when it comes to these topics giving and and showing love and feeling like that person's important and valued. Yeah. Yeah so like that certified Gary I got actually got there. It's a screen important for the other person to be validating their feelings. So It may trigger you you may be understanding but like it does is important for the person to show patience as your time trying to work through those things. But at the same time you have to really not expect that to always be thing right now. There is a time where there is a a you do have so many, you know, yeah for sure Free Hug coupons like, you know, I mean like Yeah, Joffrey cars and you can't you can't use that. Yes, I guess recklessly. So I think that's the biggest thing is just understanding that. Yes. It is important to have a person have patience for you. But at the same time you have to patients is not you know waiting it's working while waiting. So I was if they see something that you're actually giving an effort to try and actually do things and work on yourself and actually show Improvement in trying to do those things and obviously people are going to go ahead. And you know so good now it's to the paste the day they want or not that that's be their decision and that's usually vulnerable enough trusting enough to allow them to make that choice. Yeah Parts I think to go back to your other point. I think you kind of touched on it and it was really really important to feel like how do I actually work on myself if I only feel triggered in relationships and I'm sitting I'm happy single. I think if you feel that way to the point where You feel like they're good find your own, you know, it's close to a hundred percent. You're going to be while single then you really don't understand the true nature or the actual underlying cause of your issues to really understand. It deeply means to you understand what's causing it like say like, yeah for sure the issue. I'll make both the example the relationship an example kind of like you physical analogy are the issues that you can try Two miles without having to stop right right, the there can be a lot of other things that are contributing towards those securing factors one could be cardio. When we are you actually do you have the actual capacity the work capacity to Run 2 miles, right? And then the other one is is do you have anything that are causing any nagging or unlike just chronic injuries races Ravenna you like there's paint and you be like, yeah my back hurts. Right, but you know, I don't it only hurts when I run right like okay. Yeah true, but maybe there's a weakness there right? Like maybe we need just addressing. Why is the weakness? They're like true. Yeah, it only hurts when you run right? You're correct. You're walking. You're sitting when your standing leg no pain you run. Why is that? This is more pressure. Yeah put on that weakness. Mmm. So like yeah, you're in a very Situation because someone's reaching out to you to be validating their feelings like you're triggered because their feelings to evaluate when your friends like with me and Sarah. Yeah, I think so many of you got it right exactly like it is a longer period where I'm like, okay, but p is 3 months, right? Let's let's have a talk. I'm not like you don't pay attention to me. I we talked about this all the time. It's like come on like what let's talk about this. Yeah, it kinda is not a there. Not a priority of this needs to be addressed. Now. I was the last straw it because the expectations of different zactly and the bond is different. Correct. The bond is it's just a different Bond and you're one of many verses right? Even though your priority my life. You're one of the many and versus you're the only one right? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And I think I think it's really So so I've done a lot of that in like trying to trace back and figure out why I react a certain way like to certain triggers and and like what it is that that I'm truly feeling and then follow that feeling like where is that good? Yeah. Where is that coming from? And sometimes I think it's it takes a longer time to figure out exactly where it started and where you sort of built that initial beliefs and unlearning things is so much. Rather than learning things. Yeah, like it. You can't unlearn how to ride a bike. No, once you know, you know, you know and and I feel like this. Yeah, like it's conditioning and so like we've all been conditioned in the ways that we've been conditioned and it's easier for me to understand why I'm being triggered in the situation like, okay. I don't trust you. I don't trust you because you've lied to me. I'm reacting as if you're lying to me now, which isn't necessarily fair, but it's not necessarily unfair just is what it is and shit is happening. Correct? Like like shit is just happening. Right and I think I don't know. I think that's just like a tightrope like it's just a it's a hard balance to find and it's a hard decision to make if somebody is right for you or not right for you because we Want to be our higher selves like we want to be the best versions of ourselves. But but in reality, we just aren't all the time. No, no, like you can't can expect to be a hundred percent over James. I like it. Just don't it doesn't happen. I think giving your best effort you want to function around, you know, seventy five to eighty seven percent. I think there's a good brand of sports. Analogy is a good is a good thing that says like nobody operates a hundred percent. Right? No one. Just our minds aren't capable of operating. You know, unless you take the limit as drug. Our minds aren't capable of operating at that person or spears time. You may have those one, you know situations where like the mom saves their children with the truck with the car. Like it's that one moment. She's not a real lift up several cars after that but he right is not there's a price. It's not like she's in traffic. Yeah, so you're not you're not gonna be able to let you know that takes intense training. Or you know, I mean it's conditioning how you condition yourself to be an Aviary. You just need to go ahead and build up the capacity to do that. So I think you know. It is hard. It is hard to truly really figure out. I think what you need what I feel like I've struggled with is. being able to discern whether that person is ultimately for themselves or if they're for us hundred percent that has been a I get the feeling that like your for yourself. This is there's no way this can work right now. I'm not saying you're a bad person. I'm saying that right? You're just in a different spot than yeah. I'm not saying you're really bad know you just you just your about you right now, right? Like that's that's where you are. Like, this is where I'm at. Yeah, like I agree with that and I'm actually really glad you said that like for me on a personal level. But but yeah knowing knowing that about yourself that you were in a place where you do want to be considered you do want your time to be considered right? But that's where I'm at. That's where I'm at in my life. Like that's that's the kind of consideration and thoughtfulness that I want correct to, you know, no make sense. Yeah. I don't know. I just think that it's it kind of comes down to where people are at on their Journey seven percent you to be able to discern that and standing in your truth. It's a big one for you. It is a big one once you once you know what it is standing in it and actually following through with a choice that is better for Who you're trying to become rather than the ways you want to feel good in the moment? Yeah row and I think that's really easier when we I realize this part is missing from your life is that when you feel like your actions matter, it's a lot easier to really believe in yourself or believing that things. Would you feel like yours are your truth? Because you you feel them in like a minute li like those are things that you just can't really deny from any approaches. You try to argue against or debate against that point. That's truth. Yeah that's resonating within you like there's no way they're just kind of like, it's just just is it Just how is no way to make that be like well, maybe I'm feeling this because of this is right now just exist right to think that that truth is bigger than you who you are or what you feel that this is bigger than you. It's a lot easier to represent that right when you feel like this has nothing to do with how I feel in this present moment is nothing to do with what I've been through in my past, right? This is a resident is the truth is a universal truth. and There is no going against it. I don't get this consequence that I'm gonna suffer when it's going to be from like I'm just over. Hmm. So I don't want to do that. I want to be again diligent curious. Mmm. I want to do my due diligence and be able to kind of say like, okay cool high did the best I could and invest at the moment that I had how actually in the office before she left for Our version of that hmm Marybeth we had a conversation with because I mean like it's Hazard and her and Jesus thing like so she doesn't judge other people's so sternly hmm. She says we're all doing the best with what we have in the time that we have. Yep, huh. So someone's being you know, asshole or jerk you you trying to take that position being like, okay. I don't agree with that but right the other day, we're all doing the best. Beginners what we have in the time that we have. Yeah, I yeah, so I green we are doing the best we can like no one not not many people wake up and think let me fuck. So I just doesn't it doesn't really happen. Like I don't like, you know, we don't wake up and we think I'm gonna start a fight today. I'm gonna I'm gonna get an argument with my significant other right Rock her world Morocco World make her feel like she like I'm like, yeah, like nobody like that's not it just happens. Like yeah, it just it's weird, you know, you're different people existing on different planes and going through different Journeys. And you know, you walk each other as far as you can. Yeah, if you will that are that are very kind of They are. We have a guest. This was the opposite of a virgin the drawn to drama. Hmm. They not only drama that they cling onto it. That's right because this kind of like they're they have to be in a heightened sense of stress or crisis mode. Yeah, in order to feel like they're doing something today. Yeah. It's a lot of times they'll cause that creative and yeah and I think and I'm not gonna mean I'm not gonna lie. I think I'm definitely guilty of that. I think when when You grow up in chaos. Yes, you are more comfortable in chaos that feel safer. Yes, then something that is actually safe. Yes, because that's what you know, so you feel like you're a fuckup that piece too. Yeah, exactly like you're going to fail you feel like you're not going to be chosen. Yeah, and that's and I you know what? I think that's probably a fear across the board whether you grew up in chaos or or not, but I do think I that I do I'm resilient in that I can handle bad behavior. Yes. In the like I can handle more of it than anyone really should because I've learned how to do that to survive, correct. And and that's right and like that sucks for somebody trying to be in a relationship with me who is like bitch. I didn't have to learn right but that's where I'm at. It's just hard like you have to be able to stand where you are. And and and if someone can't me there then they can be either and same for you. Like if you can't meet someone where they are then you can't I realize that that was the like It's yeah, it's so hard because it's amazing. It's so hard to make that decision and to like really know it was a big thing for me. Like I was fucking their life up and it was like, yeah, like I'm no good to you right now. It's yeah like I mean, It's all hard and it's all so fucking connected like it's also connected. I understand. Yeah, I think I am but I'm proud of you for the work that you're doing and that appreciate that they really kind of the desires definitely strong. Where's last year? I think you kind of just wanted to get out of yeah. Well you're in yeah, you're just trying to get out ours is now you're very more. You're more delivery what you're trying to achieve. Yes. So I think you've definitely taken steps and whether they're as clean or if it's easier than you thought it would be that sometimes the savior is in the mess. Yeah. You just said that Opportunity than which I really try to work on is that there's an opportunity to get better for something that you're destined for? Yeah, I don't lie. There's my friend my friend Bob. He said this to me months ago like months and months ago, but he said call on God but row away from the rocks and and that is like I understood it. Then I'm like an intellectual level. Yeah, and it stayed in my mind, you know all this time because I for whatever reason need to be there. Right? Right, and and I finally I think like last night. Like I finally kind of understood that. all right, it's just hard like we really I mean, I I've designed a post and I'll probably go right over here. Mmm. I took a long time to kind of not I wrote something on the day of that. I kind of like. That's sweet about it. Like Kobe passed away. I was really really crazy for me because like I want to Jordan as a kid like play I was able to actually see him play live and I was able to watch him one TV of time. But I like I grew up with Kobe my soul all 20 years. Yeah playing and it was it was it was a it was tough to kind of see that and go away in such a sad Manner and I kind of like I opposed to something like it doesn't feel real because you people that we are just going to knit in a world especially in America where we worship celebrities and you know, make icons out of human beings who feel like they have a slightly larger than life kind of personality, but no he had that this will and Ironclad Wilderness is just drive to succeed. Over everything you feel like someone like that Superman. Pisanio personally looking at everybody. talk about how they remembered him and just like the beginning like Jason Williams the first day when they find out on Sunday his quote, you know saying like if you for all your loved ones hugging them any disputes you have with a friend or family member right just squash that shit man something it's not yes not important the other day. We don't know. How long were here? The risk of going to another tangent the courts in my conversation is I was looking at is this the video in her remind me of that ET de hip-hop preacher has this podcast where he has a lot of people that he interacts with that. He's really really special human beings that kind of had really humble beginnings made them their life into something bigger or they, you know, when it's real estate like literally worked overtime and then paid what they got from their original job salary to put in these houses and flip them and so Really triple the value. Yeah, and they do that so many times like for like this one. Do you have that sold over 20 houses has now millionaire damn, but he Was talking about like while he was doing this he didn't have all the money saved up but he's going on these trips. He says a nation's the experiences. He was investing in life. Yeah, and is the kind of issue of should I say or should I invest my life? I feel like it's a make sure above but this lady he was talking to this we work he's working. He's a police officer. Hmm. He's got the precinct and then he would go to work and you see every day and you come back from Jamaica and she be like, oh my God, where'd you go this time? You know just came out from the making the Bahamas, you know for giving it everything. She's like, oh well, let me see pictures. She's like, I like so much fun Ike, you know, I gotta go there and ten years when I retire gotta go, you know, he got emotional because like, you know five years or she's retired she passed away. So she never got to go ahead and dance it was like, yeah, you don't have the time. You don't know you don't realize what you assume that you have this like in game usually like you're like you said like I'm fine. When you're at the end of your rope. That we is not like a basketball game or sporting event. You look at the clock and be like I got to miss those two words for you. Don't know. Alright, you don't know there's there's don't you know, this ticker has started don't know when it's going to stop. Yeah. So again, I think it's kind of put all that everything in to kind of focus. It's like You can't you have to know? What will be the best investment in your life? So if you feel like it's a risky investment and all you've made is risky Investments your whole life. Then you should take a different approach because you don't know how much time you have to make it better later. And thank you again. You have to focus on doing the best. You can write the time you have the best time is almost always you yes, invest in you. Yes, that is that is just with future me think of his investment of making right now, right like what because at the end of the day you all you really have is you I mean, that's no it's actually true and I'm not sure I guess like we do have Community, but you can't invest in someone else. If you are in a place to and you're not going to be in place to if you've never truly invested in yourself, right in my opinion, right? I think you can be you can call you can be in a state of of harvest right and grow, you know, you're planting and you're carrying or your plate of harvesting and for the fruits of your labor. You can be in that place, but I feel like you should always be in place of abundance where your cup is overflowing can't really This and someone else if you are you have an empty Cup, right? So the first and foremost thing is to fill your cup to actually try and get in place of abundance. And if you're not in a place of abundance in Europe is a scarcity and you should try and hold from other people as much as you possibly can and you know, try and build something that you feel like you believe in that's bigger than yourself because that'll pull you in the direction where you feel most happiest. Yes. his Not allowing trying to will yourself to that spot but allowing the emotions that you feel every day to try that to focus those emotions to particular clear defined goal and allowing it to pull you to your destination something that really resonates with you. That's the tough part. Yeah, and that's again finding curiosity and diligence. Yeah. Absolutely. Have you diligence to try something every day that you feel curious about curiosity and courage and like all of it? Of it's all yeah, I transport those two things curiosity and diligence like doing something that I feel like I need to do every day. Yep, and trying something every day. Those are the Investments that I want to make this year to try and benefit. My benefit Futures are mountain. Yeah najma. Absolutely. I think I mean this was this is the first year that I went to a restaurant to eat by myself. That's fire. Yeah, we should we should get put the ham horn. All right. I wish I had affects put it in post but that was huge for me. That was that was such a big deal for me. I've got so proud of myself. I did it. It was my goal for 2019. I didn't get to it and so, you know, I felt like I needed to do something that would Empower me and and I went and did it and I got to say it was great. Um, yeah, it was really nice. I Yeah, I think would you pull from that experience I think. So, what's the what's the best you've ever felt right like most likely you're going to say so you're going to answer with something. Awesome. You've done for someone else right white service. Yes be of service. It was this kind of moment for me where I felt that. I was being a service to myself. Like does that make sense? Because a person because I do believe that we are We're most people are innately good and like we want to help we want to do do right by people and you know, like if you trip and fall while we're running a race and I stopped to help you up. I'm not going to regret that like, I'm just not like I would never regret that and sort of putting it through this lens of okay, like how am I serving me also and I think that's kind of what I took from it. Like I guess that's where my mind was. Well while I was actually yeah doing this and experiencing. This was I'm doing this for me. I'm doing this to grow me to expand me to to build my threshold for being uncomfortable to you know, build my threshold for what is possible. So yeah, it was it was scary but completely worth it and obviously nothing bad happened. I had a delicious meal. Yeah and I didn't really have to talk to anyone except for the waiter. That's good. So next time I'll try and talk to more people. Yeah, you have to yeah, just so comfortable in the space that you have to yourself. Yeah, I think yeah, that's it's I'm super proud of you super happy for you. Thank you. I think it's it's amazing. I think you should do more things like that. I thank you. I think you guys it kind of traveling your point. I think yeah you yeah, there are people that inherently want to be good. I think we have In our DNA, we we want to belong I feel like we belong to something. I feel like it matters to be our existence matters. Yeah, let's quantify whether or not I want. I think there are varying degrees of empathy. I think wanting to help someone else and not regret. Something is largely dependent on your conditioning. Yeah. I feel like you have an incredible Reservoir empathy. Bad for others that I just wish you would use for yourself sometimes and I think you should do more good things and I wish for you this year, too. Be a service to yourself and just being good to yourself. Yeah, do things that you would genuinely like to experience just being being good and feeling good to yourself. Yeah, I think that's I mean I could be wrong but I feel like you'll experience an incredible growth is just a different mindset that is automatically shift and you kind of adopt that mentality. Yeah. I want to be good to myself today. Yeah. Love that and yeah, that's yeah. Yeah, I'm speechless y'all. I'm speechless right? No words that was Yeah.