Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons. One-on-one time so we can check out what's going on with your channel as well as some cool other things including taking control of the stream for a day and being the director as you will we also have professional gamer status which grants you whitelisted access to all of our gaming servers. So check it out. That's patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios. Hello everybody and welcome back to a new episode of the tenets. My name is Kyle and I'm joined here by my co-host Stark realm ends. I knowed. How are you two doing tonight? Night. Hey, hey doing welcome aboard. We are here to talk about some very well. We're pushing this one out fast. This is being recorded on the very first of March. We're going to save this for a little bit but thinking about it. There's some timely call-outs. I'm skipping down a line on our show notes, but a reminder about the Crimson Torch bug for those that are on PC make sure you get that from the crown store. That's your reward for re-downloading the game getting the new updated version. So it's a little bit smaller on your disk and all that that Terms and torch bugs are reward, but it is only up there less. I think you said eight days this point so just know knows the number. Yeah, just know you're under a week by the time you hear this episode. So just just be very cautious about that grab that don't miss it. That also will be something we talk about here in a second for console. Let's just knock this out of the way to recap all this this upcoming news and say that Hera storm comes to the Xbox and PS4 on March 10 reminder. This update will save you approximately Only 30 gigs on your console, but you need to make sure you have extra hard drive space in advance. This is something that some PC players had issues with because the game needs extra space to download where then it will install and then it wipes itself after the whole reinstalls done. So you just need spare space. I think PC players needed. What was it like a was it a bonus hundred and twenty or something. That's all I need about a hundred thirty total install. So yeah, it's just say that would have been awesome. Yeah, so make sure you got that room. If you have anything you can clear out in advance of it. It'll just make the process easier for you something. I don't think I've seen anybody suggest one option might be just to uninstall and reinstall. I was really because the games already chewing out most of the space you're going to need. So if you've got enough spare space to install after you clear like that's an option. It's going to remove all the local content anyway, and I've been told this is actually jumping ahead of where we're at right now, but I've been told if you did actually delete and then reinstall that helped with the crash issues that are popping up, but I'm not even sure that's correct. So, I'd hate to be saying this just just just handing this out without any criticisms on PC thats on PC. Okay, so I don't know for certain but I think that might help interesting. Well, so before we actually get into actually get answers one more point about talking to this. This is too kind of Hopefully stem the flow of all the hatred and vitriol. I got a post up there like right away on Twitter the other day. If you're logging in you notice, there's only 21 days of login rewards for the month of March that matches February if you remember just one month ago people were raging because there wasn't really a explanation just didn't circle around. I don't know if they ever formally set it in advance. I think they said it retroactively that they had done a week less so that anyone that was, you know, having a hard time getting the game. Game downloaded and reinstall due to internet speeds or whatever that they would have the extra time in the month. They wouldn't miss out on anything. They're not losing out on money or you know a pet or anything from there. So they cut out a week and they've done the saying this one's for console players just as they did last month. So so to be clear I saw some like a tiny bit of tension between console players and PC players just as an FYI reminder to everyone last month neither party had that week and this month neither party has That week so no one's like benefiting over the other. So we're all out cumulatively that time just as soon as we cut that out. Yeah both on purpose because the way that the patch is landed would be in the end of February for PC and the beginning of March for a console one or the other is going to lose awkward times. It was in the middle of February and console got at the end of February. They only cut one month down because of the crossover. They've made both months exactly the same so neither side of them Loops. Yeah. Irony in all of this is that the castle players got away with a little bit better than PC because for PC it dropped during the middle of an event. That's a good boy. That's a good point. Which I guess is this perfect segue to start talking about it. So, who's the most passionate? Yeah, go ahead. Well, I was like she was saying with these shorter months. I'm actually kind of thrilled with that that that was the way you like it. Yeah. It does it was the way it worked originally like way back when the daily system was first introduced in other words and Actually do prefer this because it means if you miss a couple of days, it's not like oh I lost out on stuff and even with even with the final reward not being like the Apex reward or do you want to call it at not being the final day in the month? Like it was with our Scrolls Legends. It does reduce that feeling of oh shit. I missed stuff. I don't know. You know, I like whatever this random stuff. The end was. Yes. I saw it on that one. I think it's good to have daily rewards but also I do feel like some people will Panic too much. I feel like they've left left out of possible words, maybe if they've got one day that they can't actually do it for whatever reason maybe they are tired. Maybe they can't get to the computer maybe this sort of the other and they miss out a reward they feel the need that they must definitely sign on every single day. Yeah, there is a benefit to that but there's also the downside to it where you do obviously feel like you miss out and having a few Is off of that amount for gives you that freedom to go. Do you know what it's fine? I'm still gonna get my stuff I can miss a day and I agree and that's something we need to emphasize more. Well, that's the drum. I beat exactly I'd rather see just a theoretically, I'd rather see someone a player take every weekend off from the game each month then you know, go so hard grinding out rewards that like like you guys mentioned there's collectors out there that don't really like the items. They're collecting but they're compulsively collecting it because it It's their thing and so they're not getting Joy from the reward and they're not getting Joy from the input, you know, the exercise that they're doing and so they eventually go like well why am I doing this and they step away they burn out but that's the definition of a form of burnout, right? That's the event burnout so I could definitely see this moving and cutting week out. That'd be very nice. Yeah. That's what I think the way it is now due to if I go obviously they're giving us the week because it downloads. I think it's better. Favorite nice out on 22 Yeah, the irony in all of this is because I mentioned Elder Scrolls Legends earlier, but that was a large part of why I want to it was a cool being with those were part of why I walked away in the end like even after they realized oh wait the the best reward of the month being on the last day screws people frequently and they moved it back I think a week or so it was still where I was missing days because simply I'm not walking into that game every day to play that I was like, you know, what screw this I'm done. It was after I got to a point where it's just logging in for the rewards because of the next you have time to play and I was looking at missing out on stuff and it's just like yeah. No I'm done. So there is actually an element of if you're putting your rewards in for constantly and granted. This is data point of one for somebody to Simply go. You know, what now? I've burned enough. I'm going to walk away from this and I worry about that here if they if they move if they move to this system of cutting out that week. I will be very very very very happy like it will show All it will show that they've been listening to a lot of the feedback because again, I've always felt like there's two different forces driving. This one side just wants people to log in all the time and they only want those numbers, but then they fail to be seeing the long-term picture, which is it. Then you lose quality people who were actually willing to spend money on the game and, you know, do all kinds of extras. So please be gentle on our player base and IMAX, and now are we ready to segue to talk about the celebration? And it's celebrated question mark like okay this event perplexed me because and I was very sad to see it come into the game to be honest. The mark Meyer celebration is now over and wanted to go and get your guys thoughts because I'm that's my thoughts was good. So your two days. Unfortunately, it's got to be it's got two days left. Yeah. Sorry, that would have been the end. So Okay, I lied because I think you're right. The motifs are nice dead water. It tastes like if you've got an event and you can kill stuff and play certain content getting motifs. I like that. Okay. So what is this? This isn't the anniversary like we're not now it's not the end. It's not the team two months ago. Yeah, October. I think yeah a little bit. It's like October 18th, 2018 or something like that or 20 years. So this is a weird time to do an anniversary of brookmire and Because I have a proposal. I have a proposal honestly and I presented this to chat. This is so off the wall. I'm sorry. I'm shouting this out. But instead of doing these silly celebrations that aren't celebrating anything because like you said it doesn't align TimeWise Mark Meyer was a really I unfortunately will talk about the quality content because actually high but when this came out it was one of the worst times that I've played the game, like I saw one of the largest fall off of the player base, so it's Like to me celebrating a bad thing, but I have a solution right? Oh, come on. Yeah, hold on my solution will talk about this in a sec. We'll get back to you as I know but my solution is instead of doing these tied to event tickets the way they are and like this. I have no problem highlighting zones, but other games have done that in a more effective ways. I think World of Warcraft system is one where they have an in-game calendar and they just say, hey guys we are You know during this time that you always know is happening. It's just going at the highlights going to be on this content. So if you're in that zone, you just get extra goodies difference being they don't make it some sort of huge like shake your friends out of retirement. Like whoo, like no. No, it's just like hey, this is an average part of the monthly cycle. Our focus goes to this content. If you're there you harvest extra you get some things. I'm just saying this could be blended into the background way more than like dragging it and making it an And that is not an event as I know tell me your thoughts on WE overshadowed oversaturated with events. And there's only going to be so far. You can go before you start doing an anniversary for every single DLC we've ever had and that we've got no room to play the game on a normal day. So I think by the time if it's is in what another four years time so the game is 10 years old what time of the year we're going to have which Anniversary for which DLC and and all the rest of the by that time because we're going to have a lot more. It's already known family room. We don't have any room now. I think you should keep the events to what they are. I do agree with the timeline on the calendar side of things. Well this you don't want to force yourself into being another game too much but some games. Do you have some good ideas that you can still increment inside the MMO genre anyway and Merc my I think you're right. As far as the celebration is concerned. I don't think that many people celebrate and I don't think it's necessarily a bad deal. See the story was The Zone itself sure very interesting once you get into it but if you're Outsider looking in it's nearly Christmas Time new DLC a swamp. Yeah, that's how I felt coming off Somerset the DLCs bad cuz it's not it's no it's really good but it's good content Biden kind of have that massive impact like clockwork sit your ass in IAM dead. Well, it's just I don't know. I mean, it just didn't feel like the same kind of excitement from a player's perspective for most of what I've seen from other people looking back a clock. We're not collaborate looking back at our SUNY. Mm. Now, I think that might be a little unfair because that's that one's a lot more like what we expect from The Game's amazing chapter it is but it's more like we get from chapters. Yeah, like this very certain extent for sale tool can oh no, I know but from the way it's designed like no way it plays even from the element of oh, hey there's to Dungeons in there this Orsini mm looks a lot more like a template for what would become the chapter system. That's very true. But I'm not referring to it in times of in terms of its scale more of its when it fell on the your interests as a player base and when it fell yeah, it was a good time in for it seems clockwise because the same size as Merck my own it was very very different to anything we've seen before and I think the different stuff needs to land when it's quiet because that's when it kind of hoped people up again when you repeat. I don't want to see repeat because that's false. But when you replicate an area or extending area, sorry, that's the word I'm looking for because replicate a repeat is not it's not Shadow Fen but it is still a swampy area now granted they did grow that as you go deeper into the swamp. It does actually get very very cool. It's really good looking when you get further in but at first glance you thinking Hmm. I just landed in Florida. It's a my heart doesn't know what to do now. And now it's an anniversary about celebrate mud hut that's not truly how it is, but it's fur Is on that experience that's how it feels and yeah at the wrong time of the year as well. Like we had it October November. We now get the anniversary at the end of February beginning of March. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize something's wrong here. Actually, that's a funny thought and this is like we are it's going to loop back something we're going to discuss or elsewhere but I wonder if work Meyer would have been better suited if it had been a quarter one where it was like instead of putting it ahead of Christmas where it's like, oh, yeah. No, we're getting to you know, winter part of the year. If you're in the northern hemisphere things are getting colder and then here have a swamp as opposed to you know, it's been with her for a while. I think I have a swamp. Well, it's this very weird subjective thing. But I kind of wonder if that would befall I think they were just clearing out old inventory right though, because like oh, this was the end of the content that they had probably produce that wasn't tied to a year-long thing. And as you pointed out months ago in the podcast Arc that Mark Meyer was probably literally Sitting simmering on the stove since 2015 16 or something because it in 15 years Wilson that get some different Zone from the one from that quakecon video, but it was a zone that was in Works back then and even like I didn't I wasn't there. I didn't see the thing that I think ninja subsequently posted about after it was announced following this but go for it. I think I know what the problem is. You just nailed it with the q1 stuff. What does the q1 do at the moment as far as the content? 10th is concerned. Dungeons get overlooked not a story. Oh Merc my I felt like a start of a story and then it ended. Oh, that's actually true. But that's what Adam did on q1 much much better. You are right the idea of going reason and approaching Mark Meyer from the coast. And the way we did actually does. Yeah, you're right. I could agree that Mark Meyer feels more like a lead-up. I mean, yeah, we're in those like an introduction to something more and then I don't think we got the something more. She didn't should we just talk about the elephant in the room right now, which is that I think most of us are fairly unbel most the three of us are fairly unhappy at this point with the may be unhappy is the wrong word because Not losing our minds over it but we'd love to see a change to the release cycle because as going right now, it's not that it's bad. It really isn't I would say in many ways in my opinion better than other games but it is not maximizing its potential by any means and that's what we're calling out. I'm not saying this is a shitty release I'm saying you did fine, but holy crap. You also only sold out a small Club when you could have sold out a stadium like what? Yeah, I think they missed time that I think it was not. I don't know how to describe it. I'm just humming. I'm in agreement that it didn't have an impact that it should have done. Well, let's let's actually this is me looking back open one of the funny things about Mark Meyer. And this was what I was starting to go into and then I was like, well wait I need to figure out how to phrase this but for a feeling of resolution with Mark Meyer thematically and Visually the irony is that the shadow they hiss dungeons fit a lot better with Morocco. They were fantastic and they landed just right as well just towards the end or mid to kind of so I think Mario everything but even when they are particular take him out where they are and actually saying like Okay, you play Mark Meyer and then you do these two that would have landed very well. Yeah in any order and well perfect. Preferably. My first obviously says does feel like a stop that would have been great to go through kind of the black Marsh area you go straight through from the beach you go deeper into the swampy buggy crap and then all of a sudden there's some really dense. Areas, where there are some really horrible dungeons young that that would have been a perfect complementary release one after the other. Yeah, and then people would have received Merc Meyer as a really good DLC because in essence it is I mean that the story's good the zone is good. Once you get into it that would have been received a lot better and people would have deliberately pointed out that they enjoy that one more than just writing off as I was that again. Yeah, and of course as it was I think it dropped. All right after Gold Coast and my sequence, right? Yeah. So if you took into the LC side of things as far as areas are concerned, I think I think it made it made it after Gold Coast has like this is obviously now the point where I'm sitting women talking about this this is the original claw. It's a little unfair to talk about this this way because again when Working in Marc Mero originally that was gonna be the Zone directly south of Shadow fan and it was actually to connect to the southern edges of cereal. So it was a feat. He was a very different location even and the content that was developed. There was we assume very different. I don't think anybody outside the companies that were really seeing the original shape of Mark Meyer. So leave the mark Meyer. We got two years ago was actually a space that was designed specifically there. It was not like they had this stuff sitting in the microwave for two and a half years. And then okay, well will cough this up but there is certainly an element that this was something that they talked about and it had in design and we saw assets that were I think originally designed for Mark Meyer. They certainly were all over the place there and they first showed up in that quakecon video. We were seeing those as early as shadow of the hist and then housing brought them back also because like the The volcanic island getaway rise that seem architecture going on. Yes. It's so it's like this was something was floating around for a while obviously, but I don't it's not like oh, hey, they just warm this stuff over I do think as it was they probably would have been better putting that putting work my wrist as it is now much earlier in Dev. I mean that does beg the question of how gosh how they tackle subjects. I think I heard one of the two of you say this earlier May design I know really beating this drum that that it didn't feel seasonal to have a swamp right ahead of Christmas and I agree with that. But also, you know, I how do you how do they balance going to a yearly cycle keeping a storyline and throwing them seasonally because I'm an agreement. Like I agree. I would have rather had the swamp around summer or something like leading into like bought like the idea of warmer more humid, you know not snow Santa and the rest but how do you do that? You're Tony year long story. That's tricky. Well, they did well with with dragon hold in in the respect that it didn't necessarily have a full seasonal Phil to I'm Colonel what didn't know it'd fit it was fine. But if you are going to represent or or demonstrate a kind of feel for a location and you're trying to make people understand or this is humid as this and this is dark as this or dangerous as are you trying to get them to feel what it's like like to physically be there timing it while everything is freezing cold than work. Yeah. So degree of of these didn't have any of that they weren't tied into kind of imagine if you were here there was as far as the game was concerned, but there was no atmospheric feel that you're supposed to understand. This one was very aesthetic which is really really good. They did pass that off very well. But it was confusing because of the time mmm. I guess we should take a step back and talk why we are addressing the cycle of releases. And that is that Harris tour in my opinion some of the best dungeons. They honestly talk my talk to you we've been raving about this especially for listen last week, like we're gushing all over Finn with these ones, but it's feels like it was overlooked to me. Me like I didn't feel very much Hera storm hype I don't really know that I mean, I would say twitch numbers were very good. I'd say their people were interested but I think people are still I set on the future and there was a lot of confusion. Is this the content that's coming. No, this is the pre DLC. Oh, okay. I didn't see any people really looking to buy the game this time around either so I don't think this What they wanted it to do I would say that the dungeons are quite possibly some of the best Dungeon content we have ever seen if the best so far. I agree and although I don't want Finn to get his head any bigger did a very very good job with this. I'm extremely impressed with what they've done. However, there is more hype about a vampire and Skyrim and rightly so then there is about what to her. Arrow storm is I don't think there's a big. Oh my God. I can't wait to find out about the witches Coven in the her a storm in comparison to where the hell are the vampires The Witches coven is you stop is is much more anticipated, which is a good thing. It's good to have anticipation for new content. But I think it may be like I said initially, I think it may be slightly overshadowed because of that is very hard to push something this important. If people are looking too far into the future, I do think you're right in saying it was received quite well, I mean numbers did show but I think if you're trying to be the one telling the story, I think you might feel a little underwhelmed that you like. Hey, here's some hits and witches and stuff and they don't get was vampire looks the hard part 2 because the witches coven. Okay, there's two things but one is the witches coven is carryover from a base game dungeon, which is great. It's one of the ones that never got a second copy like there's no Scott's Terry so nostalgic you tired? Yeah, which is really cool. Yeah it it's still the same problem of trying to sell something even as a follow-up trying to sell something that came back from a long time ago. Yeah, and that's unfortunate because it is a really good dungeon, but I think that's part of the problem here, especially when they're the next thing they're teasing ironically even though it is I don't want to say recycled. It is another Nostalgia trip for Yeah much in the same way that more went was because we're going back to Skyrim is amazing that you guys have bad. What about it? I'm woman. Hey, my first my first exposure to hell is Satan any kind of melt down there the other night. I had a meltdown there can made me go and try and Quest through it and I was I just finally let loose and I was like, I hate this own so much and I just laugh. Laughs I ragequit just cause looking at the mushrooms. I was like, I can't stab it and I just bailed sorry that that I had to talk about by trauma. They look down on you first or second issue. You had a second one Stark. Well, just get the vampire change coming through like we've got a lot of stuff coming up where it's like look at this stuff. Look at this done. It's being announced to get a balance change for vampires. We've got the these zones that are really easy to Hype. Yeah. Because we're getting black reach we're getting well zones like bike we each were getting Solitude going to see Solitude excited as casual Ranger right now for Solitude and what are the odds that he explodes due to that excitement just all over the walls. Hi. He's already done it a couple times. I'm sure can we talk about even could we talk about a problem? I don't I think this ties. This ties equally into what's missing look. Can we talk about what's missing right. Now? How was your talk about? What's missing its talk about the biggest thing. I find to be missing about this. Is there an O Hara storms in Herre storm because hey storms come in in green and that's a weird when they were explaining it to me. It makes sense. Like when you hear it like you're like, oh, okay. So Harris storms are some sort of dolman replacement that comes with gray more. Yeah. The incursion but we don't have them here. But this is titled are storm because I think the witches are channeling the hairiest or something. I don't really know. I'm not sure either. Okay, it's it's just I think you're right in that respect. I don't know if they could ever do anything like that. I don't know. They don't have time to do it, especially with the fact that this particular update is massive on performance So that obviously took a lot of time and effort to get that in as well as a DLC itself, but these dungeon DLCs when Something this important comes up. It would be nice to have something very very small in terms of Overland that you go to haps after you've completed them to have the interaction with this new thing that has happened did the broadcast go live. It does a little bit but I mean x no. No, I mean it's on there now like I'm not sure I actually don't know I don't think so. Is it I don't think it is live yet don't think so. I think they want to say that but I'm not sure. I don't think the prologue is what really counts for stuff like that. Especially when you're purchasing perhaps a DLC or having it as part of your a surplus. It should be extended as part of the DLC to say look now that you've got these two here this small are mobile and there's a few questions. So and now you can interact with this thing. Well, this is the prologue does do some of that but I don't think that's enough same it does but it's not like you said because this is the irony like we went through this with Ranger and specifically we were doing this slowly. So that we could see the story because he wanted to get the lure and I can't remember any connection to the Harold Stein popping up. I was not on a character that he killed liris so I obviously didn't get any dialogue on that. But yeah, it was a weird situation because it's like there's there's obviously stories going on here, but I don't see how they connect to the season on see that connects dark artistic Skyrim. Aside from one of them being you know in Skyrim. Yeah, I don't forget stuff but I don't I don't necessarily think we have enough. Yeah, and it would've been nice. Yeah. It's like a hard thing to say, like what should this have been titled if it wasn't Paris storm, but it's very true. It's very strange. And I think you're causing. Yeah. Well, it could be a kind of network Secrets or something. Yeah, surely. That's what I can come up with a trillion. Yeah. Yeah. I know. But I think you're also a rides. I like these things really do need to get bundled in with narrative content in Overland. What are that's gated by having clink. The dungeons are not so thank you Cody away on that. But even if it's an instance area, like some of your questions are some of the most other haven't I never get to on the map unless you do the quests and I would like extension of the dungeons during the same DLC to say look, here's a special area if you've done all this and now you get to find out more, whoa Well, that's actually the something's been asked for for a while in various circles, but people asking for Content like single player versions of the dungeons, but that would be one thing you could do is reuse the dungeon map as separate separate single player content specifically narratively focused as a One-Shot thing you can go through here once it's not the story of the dungeon. It's not the dungeon experience. It's you know, something adjacent to the dungeon. But I do have the story in the dungeon, which I do like I've gone about the they're still capture that NPC going with you and kind of explain a long way you so you feel like you're with them. But yeah the whole here's a Harris Tom DLC and needy and Harris. Don't later. I think incursions are a very popular mechanic and player basis. I think that's something that's always done very well and I do not mean the way incursions are implemented in the game right now. I think our incursions are actually sorry sauce. You guys can go check the dragons right now. They're pretty sitting there as what I've been told by a bunch of people. They're not they don't do super well outside of any events or seasons and things like that. There are quick burn and then people stop doing dolmens and stuff the way they are. They don't feel like real incursions. And I wonder if they're kind of trying to mess with this because they did the whole thing with Dragons above the city's last year and that was really neat to see for about as cool as hell. I would have rather Been fighting the dragons above cities. I know that would have changed kind of changed attack. That wouldn't kill the gods. Yeah, like the saying if they were act but I know they couldn't well it's weird. They said they didn't want the dragons everywhere and then the dragons showed up everywhere small incursion, but then it's everywhere. So it's confusing in that way. But like I would like to see I always call back draft the Lich King a lot of people do there were some really good stuff implemented. Then we're like you were getting attacked by the boss of the next chapter before it even In launched like they're you know, sending troops to go attack the capital cities. Like whoa, that was a big deal and it really got you into the mood. I don't think the prologue I mean like you said the prologue snot really it in general at but it's definitely not for me. I don't really enjoy going through there and doing that little Quest and then going okay now I wait I'd rather than maybe Implement some systems that start building up to the new thing and this takes me to a larger idea that if they are set on doing these you Long pieces of content off of the idea sticking back with the idea we had about Shifting the cycle. It may be time to start thinking about these as not just individual DLCs that must check all of these boxes first is growing this to be something beyond that. We're like money-wise looking at this you want to be selling the entire year and that's why they're turning them into chapters. So it might be time to start implementing things outside of the norm still do a little a bit of a flashy release for it. But let's be fair hair storm Mark Meyer. These are all great examples of things that were released didn't get the appropriate social media support that it deserved and was forgotten about two minutes later and it just doesn't kind of Justice a good amount of attention by thinks into to be quite possibly for the reason that Graham was coming. I mean that is a positive thing as far as marketing is concerned because you get the hype here in the knee. Layer, which is great. But again, like I said, I think people are anticipating something rather than jumping on the hype wagon of what we have and that's a missed opportunity because this should be the one that they're already excited to jump on board. And like you said, it's be hyped for the next. This is the one that's getting them ready to hop onto the next one. And that means they're missing a train like they're missing a car like, you know, we need to get on this one now. Yeah, it's like you're gonna get in a really shiny. Limo now and Then you're going to get on a private jet like oh, that's but instead just get in the car. We're going to the jet layer, right? There's no I don't want to give it a bad name because I don't want in my opinion but I do think that it could have been received a little better and I think a lot of it is literally the new content overshadow and what we're now getting. Yeah. Well, can we start swinging this to talk a little bit about we're getting this point in time. Anyway, we've swing this is talk a little bit about pack. Because they just did this. I just got up on stage at Pax they just stage presentation. So the sauce crew was up there. They don't contradict myself Rich versus fin on the show. They had people from the audience come up and answer a bunch of questions. I actually personally really like this, but you know what I noticed there wasn't was a lot of Harrow storm talk like did you I didn't see any promotion that was there any and that would have been the perfect time to do it and this is exactly what I mean. We've got this issue obviously knowing that full well gray mores coming everyone's excited for it. That's perfect. Harris dumb not quite as excited, but obviously tip receiving it very well because it's new they could have plugged it a little bit there. I don't think it's like it one little bit of hype because they didn't any this is the bit. I like the quiz they did it was really fun. It was great to see the developers involved in with the community and doing that kind of stuff battle against each other realizing they're only human even though they make the game. They still can't go all the questions right stuff like that. It was funny and Then they could have been instead of a Trader at the beginning of the end because most people have watched the trailer beginning because they're waiting for it to start and most people didn't watch the trailer the end because it's finished. I think there should have been some stuff in between because it's like this is live now, by the way, this is now on the servers you should be excited and it didn't feel like there was any push for that. I felt like there was just hi were here which is great. It was really funny. But I I think they should have plugged something. I wanted some I wanted some juice. So to whomever is it then a Max taking notes on this episode is just this is this is all out of love like really again, I think Harris store but they're my favorite Dungeons and I sit there with a smile on my face no offense to Finn and crew but last year's dungeons didn't make me happy. I didn't really enjoy any of them. They were fine. They weren't bad. But like now I'm sitting here going like, holy shit. I love this. I'm like I need to do that one again again again, and that's why I'm like we come on push this button. Maybe this is a great start to a new year. And ultimately I think Harold storm installed and worked pretty well. We Starkey mentioned a little bit earlier. There were crashes going on in Syria. Don't they're very well aware of this. They there I think you're doing patches for probably shortly after this episode comes out. We're hoping you're already be a patch some of their quick like week after patches to try and fix it up can't guarantee that but like this was the easy Dome a week off didn't they? Yeah, she's something. Yeah, usually Because on PC the not to run through certification so when it hits easiest by Sony and Xbox, yes, if something goes wrong and when it hits PC it can get fixed pretty cleanly. That's a very good point. Actually that's also working. A lot of people don't understand. Yeah, and it's something that people do get legitimately frustrated about like some of the stuff they get frustrated. They're like, why didn't you do this, you know, and then they go into Hyperbole and general tax, but there is a legitimate elements some of this where you can't see this stuff until it hits live. It's not a problem on PTS for whatever reason and then when you turn around you put it on live and you've got millions of people on the server something breaks that just simply doesn't happen when it's on PTS, correct? So this stuff happens for PC like we deal with these issues once in a while where where it's like, okay. Now the game is crashing fairly frequently and it's in this case. I think mostly if you're seeing it in PVE, it's mostly add-on related. Like there's out of data add-ons that are actually causing asked. What are you And if it's irritable than that's actually cereals having issues right now and they're working on it. And by the way facetiously if you're having add-ons crash, then you're the one with the problem because my 900 add-ons that are all out of date are still running fine and I had no crashes since the thing so suck it my favorite crash. I'm gonna be that guy to people that complain as us about it's not working. The add-ons on made by Czar says a disclaimer for that when you upload them. Yeah, very very true when you turn them on. My favorite crash is the one where it's like you're quitting out and then it crashes like thank you got me there faster. Good job that thing there ya know. I was surprised I mean for for an update that had to reinstall the game and I think a lot of people were very afraid because this sounds like it I guess it could have been so much worse than it was. I mean, it could have been my worst all games it could have but I didn't hear anything up but I don't think it did. Yeah, we had some tea even problems zeratul has a lot of crashes as a few things here. And there some out they add ons and some other bits and pieces but it's nothing out of the ordinary as far as bugs are concerned because when every time a low patch was like stocks a little while ago when you're testing on PTS, you've got a limited amount of players and that dives dramatically within the first couple of days anyway, so it's not even a stress test for performance in terms of how many people are playing we put that on live and you got so many people at once. That's when they really get stress tested and there's like, oh, okay, we can see that actually it comes to mind. This is there's also there's also a weird irony here. This is a patch. We're up for most players. The thing they're going to see is performance Improvement. I don't know about anybody else Mark Meyer has a bitch Ali killed my framerate. Yes, basically system work out. Yes, look it absolutely decimate some peace to crank it up a little bit crank your settings up a little bit and go into Mark Meyer. It will eat your settings alive and that's happened to me like ever since it launched. It's one of the reasons why it took me a while to go back because I logged in I got my the pet that you get for first entering there. And then I looked at it as like the frame rate was 12 12 - just no interest. No just Mark Meyer just all the foliage and stuff like that. I think it's the Shadows. I actually think it's Show casting but I'm not a hundred percent sure any rate. So there's this thing where they're like, okay dramatic performance increase and I go in there and yeah actually eight frames I'm a On the 20s reliably outside of combat, which from Rick Myers is freaking amazing. But in a right after a patch where it's like okay performance has increased and it's the same time. There's an event that soon as something that kills your frame rate. I'm going to say something outside of Merck my performance Rising outside of cereal. I'm pretty impressed with it so far. I'm very impressed with it. It's been very smooth combats been pretty good. There's a couple bugs, but there always will Me and I went to a doorman the other day a very popular extremely busy over Farm Dome. I get to max level really quick dormant. Hmm now here when you get there. That's the one when you get there. You can't see the people you can't see the enemies when you do finally see the people they're all blacked out. We're doing textures and it crashes or lags or has really low frame rate and it's those other stuff going on. You don't know what's happening. I ran to an extreme. Busy dog, when the other day too must have been around 50 players plus I can see the textures on the every single person. I could see every single ability. It was flawless. That in comparison before is a dramatic Improvement. Oh, yeah line up the edges and the the creases out of whatever's wrong with the other areas like Mark Meyer or any of the block issues because there's a couple there and Standish you and then obviously Sarah Doyle as well. They can figure those out quite quickly enough drying them out before they even land on Console. They've been a beacon they're going to have some really happy people because some instructions. That's the funny thing about. This is like we were going to the new dungeons. Was seen frame rates above my refresh, right? Yeah. Yeah, so it's like this is and even just overlay and content in base game areas. Like it's hitting in the 40s 50s and 60s during combat. It's like, okay. I'm happy with this. It's just ironic that in the moment when they're talking about performance increase. It's also the gotten event going for a zone. That is not kind performance. Yeah. I mean if he On one side of it. They're kind of kids take that as a stress test and say look, there's zone is full now we can see the problem but on another side of I don't think it was necessarily a completely smart move to run a big event on a right area. Yeah. Well if Rollins is running that's actually this is great with Mark Meyer where it's just like that's that's that zone. Yeah. I don't know. It's yet say that's own but again I've seen massive. Performance increases and people might also notice lower pings. Fun fact that Rick shared with us that if you see Lonnie lower actually, yeah, it's because it's not actually that you're paying is lower per se it has to do with how the game refresh as the graphics of the Ping. Oh, yeah you so yeah tied to frame rate. It's weird. My frame rates have increased a lot. So yeah, let me go faster with the certain extent but I do stream off of the same system on a pound PC live stream. Now obviously if you're playing off the same system as your streaming off of you are hurting your computer and it wants to know why you keep kicking it so hard now that means I tie my Graphics down a bit and I don't have too much of an issue. But I do notice that there's a drop in comparison when I'm playing it without any streaming going on is a dramatic increase now, I noticed recently while streaming based on the sounds I had before the frame rate almost doubled. Wow. Yeah, it was big while streaming while playing the game My framerate was a much much higher rate than it was before. So that was a stress test because instead of just playing the game like normal. I was doing all the upload is stringy stuff at the same time and it was he was smooth as hell was really nice. I could probably put the graphics up now you do it. Yeah, I was laughing because I keep kicking mind. I'm like, hey, look, let's crank everything and just make its log under this huge load. So I'm two separate systems. I would just cranked up to maximum and see what happened. But get again the stream of the same time that with you would just explode but it's been Really ready? Well, I'm very impressed that cats. Are we spent over a year going after the events of this point? There's something more that's been going on. Well, there's something going on with Mark Meyer celebration. Actually the I think the previous two also that is really nice. Oh, what's that? The ticket payout is significantly higher than the amount to keep up. Oh, okay with Merck Mayer. There's think it's 30 tickets available total like there's enough to get three of the it's actually probably higher than that. But there's enough to get Three Feathers are berries in addition to having a few tickets left over beyond that which is really nice change from where they were last year and that's actually been a pattern for the last couple of events. So it hasn't been as brutal in the if you did not participate in every day of this event. You are locked out from getting his due to the same reason they did the day Rewards or is that done on purpose? No that's been that was predates the daily reward change. Actually, yeah that was going on with the I think it's started with the Christmas event last year with new life because they missed an event some new life had its ticket payouts ramped up the undaunted Festival just dumped out. So then after that undaunted Festival without a berry at all was increased to was most covid still running at a higher rate again with and then since then all the subsequent events have been aimed at least 30 tickets because it's been three per day when they would have usually been Two per day. There is one problem though with Mark Meyer. And this was an issue with the thing was the dragon event. It out on drops. So you see people missing the ticket pick up. Oh, yeah. Yeah, Justin Willman. Oh did I just drop out completely? No, we still have you here Stark. You're good. We lost you for a sec Bentley. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. We had to reconnect start go ahead. Sure the problem with this with both this and the mark Meyer event. The previous one the tickets are picked up as loot items. So if you miss looting your chance to get tickets during the During that day you miss out on that day entirely. It's also caused problems in this case where if you're in a group and you miss that pick up because you're an adult you're going through the delve and one of your party members just rushes ahead and kills the boss and triggers the ticket drop. If you don't get there in time to get that ticket drop without. Yeah. Yeah, so that's really unfortunate. I do think that with with the structure of the Marc Mero event. It really should have been tied to Quest payouts. Because that with Quest payoffs, there's no point of failure aside from having a full ticket inventory with this potentially a party member could wax a mosquito. You don't see it like the whatever is the Cava or whatever and then you just keep going and that was your tickets for the day. That's not a good situation. No that shouldn't be that way. So how is unfortunate because I on the other hand like this actually did some really nice things to clean up the problems in the past of missing out on tickets entirely because you just didn't have enough tickets to get the stuff you're wanting and then missing out on the mount that's not as much of an issue this season, but overall, I think this last little bit for them this last like week two weeks, whatever has been really good. I think there have been some small unfortunate missteps that just it's not that anything was really bad. Just that they may not have capitalized on the hair restorer marketing again. The mark Meyer celebration comes a lot of questions question will timing questionable all of it. But again, I just think those events need overlooked but I think it's kind of a pretty good place to call it here because packs again wonderful like Zayn own I said some more hair storm announcements would have been cooled into that little bit of shit plugged it a lot now. Hey, I did want to say something to you guys because I don't if you've seen in this is more for the people that are going to do B III but the game developer cam can was it Con conference whatever the thing is got postponed because of the concerns of the coronavirus stuff. So yeah again to any of our friends that are like looking at flying to be III just keep that in mind that you know, if you're getting tickets or anything there's we really don't know right now and I don't think it's like time to overreact but also just keep that in mind if you're planning for the summer. Winning for any of those viewing quakecon any of that stuff just maybe don't buy your tickets to too early. I don't know that good advice. Yeah. It's insane. Like this is be safe. Yeah. Be safe. Be careful. Try to make sure you keep your hands clean. Keep track of what you're touching. Don't touch your face when you're in public like the the normal hygiene stuff because this is nasty, but honestly, like the coronavirus thing is just going to be it's a lot larger than just this. And yeah, yeah, I think it's gonna get you will because you Washington have their case right that was that the first time we good we've had yet first death in the US was yeah within about 20 miles of so, that's a fun fun Godly Stark be safe. Yeah. I know. Yeah, it's worrying because I think Washington State actually declared state of emergency today because of this, you know, I don't say this I say this for our listeners, not for sorries enemy. If this ends up making you have less of a turnout, but I got to say just for the safety of everyone, you know, if you don't need to go to an event this year you really might want to consider doing it next like I don't mean to screw over any game or anything like that. Like I'm really glad I got to go to Vegas before this happened, but I'm plant I was planning on going to be III but honestly GDC getting postponed and stuff is put that to a big solid question mark like it was an almost. Check mark, and now it's like who do I invest money and then find out that you know, I lose it all like that to me is a little rough when it comes to flights and hotels and all that stuff. Just so just be safe. Don't go anywhere. You don't need to if you can so there's your health warning from non health professionals. How about that? And on that note you guys? Why don't we go through on that van now? Yes State stay healthy and alive for us everyone. We love we love talking to you and then doing All this on that fun note. Let's give our locations. Everyone can find us for the week because I know do you want to take it away first zhanna game.com your website and YouTube as you just put forward for services on a gaming you'll find me there. Everything else is pretty much linked on the website, but there's also twitch and Twitter and Facebook, which I think is just for such sign it you go to his website. This is exactly you go to his website and you actually stare Are you stare right at all? The icons that say what has different links are and I want you to hover over every one of them and open them all in a different County. Yeah, you open you just keep what control left clicking on all of his buttons and then follow follow subscribe follow subscribe follow you have a guide Page open. You have a patreon page open another YouTube page open, then you have Twitter Facebook and Instagram and then you just Google my name for the hell of it as well. You're going to need you're going to need that performance updates and all the tabs. His Venom and Stark where can they find you? You can find me on how to fight right.com and also how to fight right at Tumblr and you can find me there Monday Wednesday Friday. Yeah, and then I'm over at twitch.tv /contents our Studios. I'm doing Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday now all starting at 3 p.m. Eastern time. I finally found my sweet spot and I got to thank everyone out there for coming by they really supported me super super. Well do During a Sabbath on so now I have to dye my hair blue. Yeah, but you get to sleep again. It's not gonna be another eight days in a row of never sleep 12 hours streams. Yeah. That was they gave me about late days of 12 hours streams. We did like 12 12 was the cat and then they rested roll over so they like bought themselves a hell of a lot up front and then at the end they're like, oh no, there's only two hours left and then like koplow and I was like, well, I was there. I was not getting my hair dyed and now I will definitely be read from the Covenant. So look at what you just did. Somebody just dumped 200 Subs on you didn't ya long long lost ESO friend that hadn't been around for probably. I don't know. I don't know if they were here past elsewhere. They may have done elsewhere and then bailed before the Q3 stuff. I don't know but they came back around you right? So that was very kind of them and thank you to everyone that's ever on the YouTube checking that out youtube.com forward slash kaido's our Studios at the behest of Zion. Note and all the knowledge. He's given me I've been doing that and I've been redoing the patreon and that's been taking off. So they want to check that out kind of just bear patreon.com forward slash content Rich videos and all the links are below so you don't need to like listen and actually copy these you can just literally again click on all the links that if you're on YouTube there there and if you're on the podcast player just go to your show notes the email if you want to send us questions or anything for the show is the tenants podcast at gmail.com. We'd love to see those. I was getting we just gotten a lot of Nice compliments all around on all the stuff. I've seen people promoting the show to new players. I've seen that over on Reddit and I've seen an in-game people promoting the tenants to new players. So thank you very much for that. We appreciate it. It really really really helps get the word out there and thank you, by the way to all of our amazing podcast friends out there in the community. Like seriously. They're all amazing. So go please check out. I mean we got so many but Laura Seekers guys were on here robots radios out there. There's so many cool people. So please Please please please please dive in and take a listen or friends are great. And we will see you guys next. - when next when let me look after oh wait, this is if we're running this early then maybe three weeks out. You know what we'll see you on a mysterious date in the near future. So this one you see us until then just don't get stabbed by the Dark Brotherhood. Okay, bye sticker shanked was my advice. Yeah. Bye.