Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week. Sound like perd hapley from Parks and Recreation if anyone cares and this week, we're going to tell you about this week. I thought you were going to like compare me to the NPR person that shows up on Parks and Rec, but it had to be like somehow like waste Jupiter than that before we get to our guest special shout-out to marry. Thank you so much from st. Louis Mary from st. Louis. Thank you so much for your listenership and forgetting your awesome bar class and Solved we love you so much. Whoo, and let's get to it. We have an amazing guest. She's one of our best friends. She is brilliant. She has been a longtime Bachelor fan and has an encyclopedia knowledge for it. In fact, it might be larger than ours not gonna lie. Well, she is somebody who references Matt Grant season, which gosh we love passerby not even us could hold on for that period of time its history. Please welcome to the mic. You know her you love her Megan Walsh. Whoo. Hey guys, Megan. You've been on a few times right? I know you were wrong with Ari was announced Bachelor. That was my only time. I just thought and I thought re was going to be a good Bachelor. And so I might not be the best person for this bottle. I think that we I think we all had really high hopes and I say we all I mean America for art for sure, don't you think so well, I felt like an adult decision. Jin like it felt like oh, this is somebody who like his going to pick somebody and he's going to settle down with them in his in Arizona and like run is real estate business. It didn't feel like it was necessarily going to come with Instagram attachments which feels like a good transition. Good job me to talk about our newest Bachelorette contestant who was listed this year or was maybe I am perhaps let's die umber one in your heart. GMA this Monday ABC announced that Claire Crawley is our new Bachelorette Megan. What do you think about that? I'm so excited. I texted you guys immediately when I saw the rumors From Reality Steve and I was like, it's happening. Yeah, I think is good. By the way just to go back a little bit aren't really did turn out to be a bachelor that just like settled down in Arizona while he ran his real estate business. She just Happening Here be like 24 fair and it also had the best Bachelor breakup of all time when it was horrible, but they filmed him and Becca at the favorite Couples Retreat. Yeah. I think it's one of those things where you look back in history and like history has like given re like has been kinder to re than we were in the in moments to moments with him. He's happy guys. They really do seem happy. I mean, it is one of these things where it's like what he did tobacco was truly so horrible, but imagine if he didn't do I don't Like everyone's better for it. Like Becca seems happy are a seems happy Laura and be the second seems happy. Yeah. Well, I think the reasons I was excited for re-season or all the reasons that I'm still excited for Claire season right now. I think 38 is a wonderful age to be seeking the true. Love of your life. The stakes are higher right at this point like it's hard for us to watch women in their 20s cry that they've never like had someone write the Takes are reasonable. I wouldn't say that they're higher. Yeah, it's a reality show. But yes, I expand that. So when you're 22, and you're fresh off your dorm room partying, it's hard to be like, oh, you know, I want to settle down and I mean be honest. They all just want to be Instagram influencers fair enough. I enjoy their business tactics, but I actually think Claire is really here to find love She's put herself out there time and time again in The Bachelor franchise. I think this will be her for Heard that weight that she was on Bachelor. This is her fifth time that she was a new paradigm winter and Winter Games V. Yeah, and she got engaged on Winter Games. Yeah House Winter Games. I also think in general Claire will yield better results than re because I think she will pick somebody who is well, first of all, the bachelorette always ends up picking partners that lasts longer than the Bachelors, but she also will likely pick somebody who is around. Her age or older. It won't be necessarily the same situation as are aware. He is ten most interested in the 23. Yeah. That's a very good point. Yeah, and like I do think Claire like a difference between re and Claire. It's like funny how we've like come to like, I don't know. How old Ari was when he was doing this 30 36 37 94. Thank you Alex. Yeah, maybe maybe higher 30s, but I I think Claire is I'm not trying to say re wasn't like genuine, but I think that Ari was doing things that he thought the viewers wanted him to do and I don't think Claire will make decisions that way I think Claire will it will take this journey and be very much herself and she's not going to worry about like what America's thinking of her because she's been there done that. Yeah. I like her because she's Sort of fearless. She's very articulate with her feelings. I think the reason a lot of people have been upset with this Bachelor season with Pete Weber is that when he's in a conversation with a 23 year-old woman neither of them can communicate anything to each other. So it's like we need adults in this situation. You can actually tell us how you're feeling. Are you in love with this person? Are they making you upset? Are you cool with them? None of that was sort of presented in this season of The Bachelor and it was sort of like these conversations like me me. Yeah like you could Understand I don't know Peter. Okay, that's fine. Yeah. No, it's so true. Now. I have like heard from some people that they find Claire annoying. So some people are not excited. Why do they find her annoying? I don't know. I think like kind of the mix responses that I'm getting are around like, okay, you've been there done that you've been on the show a million times. Like why do we have to like see you again? I think she sometimes has these speeches. I don't want to say They're my Kenna ask but like she has these very like now I know that I will only find a man who is my man and is into me like she has like it's very kind of like speechiess peachy way of speaking. I just want to say her speaky speaky way if this peachy way of thinking is like I'm on board with it. I think my take on it is that we are all sort of pigeon held to her. I actually think she's quite normal. I think we're pigeon held to her being a part of one. Season which was filled may be other than this season with the most Mean Girls possible and those women decided that they didn't like her but I think Paradise are if people the careful viewer would acknowledge that I think Paradise both paradises and Winter Games is it is it is gener. It's a generous depiction of Claire. Like I think that she has become a lot cooler and I think that people are remembering her. Being hated on her season, but I think she's a really evolved as a person and I don't think that she's the crazy bitch that the girls on Juan Pablo sees and tried to frame her as well. I think it certainly the reason they were upset with her is there was some I can't remember all the specifics but there was some incident where her and Juan Pablo hooked up in the ocean and there was certainly some it looks like they had sex. Yeah probably did and fair. I mean who doesn't have sex when they date I so or The ocean or shine classically never been to the ocean have it but it probably is the ocean for two things pooping and having sex. Hey move now. I have a very specific image in my mind. Luckily. We're all best friends here. No, I just think she was slut-shamed and and you know context of what year was that 2014 it we were Nick Americas Wasn't necessarily caught up to where it should have been in the context of women's Liberation and sex and now I think in the year 2020 if people go back and watch those YouTube clips, they'll see some redeeming qualities and Claire and she could push Juan Pablo away in The Break-Up at the finale. I don't have to go there for her breakup was epic because Juan Pablo was horrible and she had a she had a breakup. Okay, it's okay. I found hers Alex. Do you think you're right. I'm having I don't recall much of the specifics of her Bachelor in Paradise time, but I do like I did find her super endearing on Winter Games and like I didn't have any sort of issue with her cup. I feel like I was going to say, oh, I think that the women in the franchise seem to love her which it like the ones that have stuck around which is like a really really great thing and I URI call about a year ago, maybe a little bit over Chris Harrison was on a podcast and he people were asking him. I don't remember which one I do apologize but they were asking him. Do you think there's any bachelorettes we missed out on in his first one said yes, I think we missed out on Claire. Okay. This was another pointer. I wrote for the pro Claire column in my nose. I think her and Chris Harrison are besties and nothing is better than when Chris Harrison a hundred percent loves Who The Bachelor Bachelorette is it? Help and we've seen Chris for so long have his Dynamic be like well, these women are old enough to be my daughter. So like it will be nice for him to have a woman around that is truly his pier where they can actually talk because they're in a similar place in their lives and they can come from a place of empathy rather than a place of like, oh, I've been there young one. Right? We don't need him to be our Father Figure any more just like be our host talk to them relate to them. Yeah, and I Hi, I love Claire because she really does put her heart out on the line. I mean, they made fun of her a lot in Bachelor in Paradise, like talking to the animals the way they cut the episodes together, but she obviously does really want to find the love of her life. And I think more than any of the other lead contestants before she is truly in it for the right reasons not to use the clay. Yeah, and people are like, okay like she's been through this show already. How is she like not had someone but I feel like maybe a hey I don't and this is like not meant to sound judgmental but like maybe because she's been so ingrained in the world. She like literally doesn't know how else to find someone like like, you know, like it's like the apps don't work for her. Just sort of reject that notion of how has she not found someone. It's a grade. It's I mean, it's a BS thing to say like nobody should ask that of anyone who usually never found anyone. He's so attractive. She's like this gorgeous model. If you just looked at her objective absolutely a catch and then sometimes you go throughout your life and you haven't found somebody like that is your match. Like I don't know that that General notion. I just find annoying and Because you don't know what people are going through in their lives and when they're ready and third. No, I agree. Not that it's not old. I did it. I did it mean for it to sound like people I meant for more of like basically color Alex and I stood still no. No, I meant it more of people are like you've been on the show four times and you haven't found someone on the show within your four times. So I meant it more around the context of where her dating pool has been I didn't I do apologize. I don't know. Agree with the notion of how they not found someone also some people maybe just yet timings off. Some people don't want someone. I don't mean to judge in that area. Do you think fifth time is a charm then Sarah? I think the fact that she is able to have the control. Yeah, I do. I think it could be helpful. I think it's great. I mean, it sounds like they're reeked like they had originally casted some younger men and they're recasting. They're like listen this is it like playtime like we need men. Our 40s like we need men that have children possibly, you know, so I think that now that she is like in the driver's seat and and just getting that massive boost of confidence. Like she doesn't have other people in the house tearing her down. You know, I think yeah, I think this could really be it for I saw that too about them recasting because when I saw the announcement on Good Morning America, she said that she likes to date younger men and while that may be true I thought maybe it was a way for the Fleur producers to sort of cop out the fact that they had only casted younger men, but it was nice to sort of see this revealing turns of Tide where they are trying to find men of a more suitable age to date. I think Claire 32 245 is kind of the age range. I'm personally hoping to find yeah, there's a true a huge difference between casting even like a 31 year old versus a 25 year old because like I got that she likes it. Younger guys but a 25 year old is not in any Universe going to want the same thing that has a 30 year old woman and that's just is the way that yeah. I mean, well, I don't want to get in the way of true love but I'm just saying classically there's a good chance that your needs are not going to match up. She clearly wants she's ready to settle this isn't like she's not looking for a fling. I'm sure she's gonna say that like 50 times. Yeah, and and I was looking back on sort of her stats and she said she was one of six there's Her shooting average. She's one of Six Sisters. So I think she's probably a very well-rounded person because she probably wasn't given tons of attention growing up and has sort of had to forge her way through life and has done it pretty well. I think I didn't know she had she was one of six. Is she do we know her she falls Well Middle. Wow, that's interesting. Oh, that's why that's why all these women love her because Jesus Is the sister she's a girl scroll. Yeah where I think that you I have heard up on podcast. She's the girl who does everybody's hair. Like she's the one who is kind of like she is like Den mother like she is kind of like to she's very nurturing and takes care of everybody. I could talk about Clara all night. I think we need to get into this episode or all it starts off with the elimination ceremony for a second. We don't think that Madison is going to show up and she does and lo and behold Old Victoria f is going to go home some verse or moth tet back tattoo and all praise be praise me. I know F real quick back to the medicine thing. Have you ever looked? So have you ever seen someone accepting a rose look so mad at the bachelor party. I thought she was like literally. Yeah. I mean she was like trying to like slow like slit his throat with her face. It'll be bad for a handout at this moment because I don't feel bad for Victoria. I think that my theory from last week still stands true. I do not think that they slept together. She's very mad about the ultimatum and she was like, the ultimatum made him make his decision. She was basically saying if he slept with me this wouldn't be exact this would it be his decision but I felt bad for Hanna and because it was very clear that Maddie through her body language through her face language his body his face. It was very clear that they went through something very emotional and he basically gave Hannah Anna side hug at the end and he embraced Maddie for about 30 seconds. Yes. I don't know if that was cut together that way but it certainly came off as though you're definitely number to Hannah and and Maddie is the love of my life so much that I am quivering while I hold her and forget that you're in the And it was funny because like I wonder if he'd picked up on that because when he was saying like I'm very happy that my wife is in the room like he was giving both of them like equal eye contact like he was darting his head back and forth because I think he was even aware. It was a brief moment of self-awareness of how much more in do or how he projected how much more interested in Madison that he was he was like literally craning his neck to give them equal eye contact with two leading into next week. Yeah. I have a question for both of you do we think so. I I genuinely think that when he went into Fantasy Suites, he was deciding between Hannah and Mady I do think that that very sad without lie, but my question lies do we think that he is so much more now drawn to Maddie because she threatened to leave or was it this thing of like and I don't know that I believe in this but like, you know this thing of like, oh I kissed them now. I know that it's You like it's the other one because after I kissed them all I could think about was you that's a good point. I mean it reminds me in the past when people towards the end have had exes reappear and then all of a sudden The Bachelors like I gotta ask this person because now someone's coming back to grab them. I think he honestly does did does love Madison the most but certainly that the threat of hey, I'm going to walk away from all this made him really re-evaluate. I he looked devastated for the fact that he had slept with her. I mean he was like, I regret sleeping with him like with this woman. Yeah, and I think I think he generally likes Hannah and as a person and in real life would have dated her for a certain amount of weeks. But in this world, they're not actually in love. He's just like, oh you fit the bill. You're the right person. You have the right. Look you have the right personality you get along with everybody for the most part. Okay living Leg because I'm never moving right exactly. You're okay being on Instagram with me. That's fine. But yeah, I think he actually is in love with Maddie. I mean, it's the realest emotions Peter has shown he usually is sort of flip-flopping back and forth between a lot of things with all the other women and I think when he's with Maddie, he's very clear about how he feels and he also said that, you know, I know in the preview for this coming week, he says he loves both of them, but up until this point he's only said that he's in love with Madison yeah, and I mean I only take so much like to be true and it's like, oh, I really everything I felt with you Victoria was real, you know, that's you know, they have to say stuff. Yeah, like I don't like they have to say what they have to say. Yeah. I also want to ask you guys a question. Do you genuinely think Victoria was in 2 Peter 1 million percent know especially having the juxtaposition of Chase Rice and him together. I think that really framed. Like what her level of interest in humans are and like Peter is not it like she was so thrilled to kiss Peter in front of this actually not that Peter is not hot. He's incredibly hot, but he is he looks like a scrawny little boy next to Jesus. Yeah, Chase racism man. It's like that joke from The Avengers when they're joking about how much more manly Thor is than Chris Pratt and that's how I feel right now. That is a Perfect Analogy. Like I think that's like the perfect measurement because like Peter is obviously very attractive. Active in the same way that Chris Pratt is very attractive and like if you take a general Paul a woman, they would be like, yeah very hot super into my celebrity crush versus like when you get a Thor or if you get a Chase Rice, there's like a guttural reaction. It's like, oh my God, I didn't know my body could have this level of response towards a man and I think that's the level of like souter that Victoria is speaking for herself. Yeah. It's really fair. That's fair. I just think it was the chase race thing. So funny to me because not to go back 10 episode. No, please it was the bad. We all had the same reaction were like damn that guy should have been The Bachelorette. Oh, I know. I like Chase race a lot. I really like his music. I'm like very much a Chase race fan. I'm excited for whoever he gets it with the people. Uh, yeah. I my thoughts on Victoria are that she's 23. She likes to have fun. She's gonna have fun and date and sleeping around with me. Sleep with married guys. Okay, I want to talk about this real quick. The married guys thing annoys me and all the context and the way Chris Harrison asked about it too. Okay, I as a feminist find it very misogynistic that the world has blamed Victoria for breaking up marriages. Where are these husbands that are cheating on their spouses. This is their fault who knows if she even slept with anybody, but if she did sleep with these people did she even know they were married? she did it's takes two people to make this decision the way that it was framed and I think at this point we just transition into women tell all but like the way that it was framed because like I think it takes a certain kind of person to go after a married man, but the way that the question was framed made me almost be on her side of yes because I was just like I'm so sick and tired of this Narrative of like the woman being the temptress and it's like well, what is a man supposed to do he can't control himself and it's just like and then when that argument comes up and it's like well that's really screwed up and it's like what you women have the powered isn't that what you want and it's like that is their know what you're trying to do with that statement is say that men don't have agency in their own bad choices. Yeah, and I like I am not a Victoria a fan. I think she is probably if she's I don't she she has a lot of room to grow don't want to say that she's Bad person not a big fan of her at all. But the way that she was sort of backed into a corner and the way that her narrative is kind of in spun has like sort of give me an out get as given me an ounce of sympathy for her that I wouldn't otherwise have. Yeah. I'm just really shocked that the bachelor took this route with the way that they framed Peters ex-girlfriend coming up to her the way it was framed when Peter confronted her. It's it's one thing to talk about in conversation like I you know, I heard some rumors about you. You I just want to let you know that this is what's been floating out, but it's another thing to just automatically assume that the woman is at fault for anything. And also she was a single woman. She's entitled to date and sleep with whoever she arrives. Sure. Yes, I do agree with that basic statement. However, I like yes. I think she is less at fault than the men but I'm also like don't sleep with the nerve. I have another question because people kept saying married and then I went back and watched the episode and I don't think it was ever brought up that it was married. So it wasn't on the show but the receipts if you will by like Reality Steve showed that it was her friend's husband. So I totally agree with what everyone's saying like, there's a difference between I slept with a married man and I broke up a marriage like I like I totally agree like Like she could confidently say no to have you broken up marriages because like know this guy broke up his marriage when he cheated but it has been the rumors have and receipts. If you will it has been that it was her friends husbands or people in her lives husband's I think that what maybe they should have asked because they haven't they haven't strayed away from this in the past. They brought this type of Media stuff up with Garrett on Becca season. I'm shocked that they didn't asked about her modeling for White lives matter. Yes. Well that because her confidence. Yeah, actually, these are Cosmo didn't go live. I mean it would have been easy enough to ask about this and it's not something that especially with Rachel Linz. He getting on a few minutes later. I mean, it's not like they haven't broached the subject before I think the bachelor tries to position itself as a show that's like fully on the right side of history, and I think acknowledging the eye. Idea that they cast somebody who modeled for White lives matter in their eyes felt like they would disempower the like the moment with Rachel and they were like, no, we're not a person who we're not complicated. We're not the people who accidentally cast this white lives matter person and the / people who want to like basically put up a very meaningful PSA about online bullying like we are just this one thing and it's the good thing. Yeah. I mean I will say outside of all this I do think this was one of the most boring women tell all of all of history of Bachelor nation, and I was I mean guys I actually fell asleep. I had to go back and watch so I was trying to evaluate this morning. Why because I sort of towards the end. I also zoned out and I was like what's happening, but I thought about it today and I realized it's because there was so much internal fighting between the women that we never actually saw their real relationships with Peter or each other because obviously A lot of them are likely good friend. I mean according to Social Media they are yeah, and we didn't get to see any of that. So naturally when you know, this came around they want to focus on all these things that have sort of been played out played out played out I and we don't actually know these people like I don't really know anything about most of these women as you usually do because you're watching them and these sort of more compassionate situations with the Bachelor and we didn't really get that from anyone Kelsey we got it from Because she walked down the road in Costa Rica and stole time and then that backfired on her. But other than that, we only saw McKenna fighting with Tammy people fighting with Alaya people fighting with Victoria P. We didn't actually get to know any of them and it all did feel quite Petty. I mean, none of it. None of it felt like very surface level. Yeah. Yeah. No for sure. I mean it felt like a lot of 23 year olds fighting with each other like a degree like need to take stock in. The fact that this was like probably the youngest group of women that we've had on the show and that's not too dang young gals. I just think your frontal lobes are in fully formed yet and you're not capable yet like like managing your emotions in a way that you probably would be like in your later 20s. You brought up Kelsey. Oh, yeah, what were your general thoughts? I can't believe I've never asked you this offline. But what were your general thoughts of Kelsey? And how do you think she handled herself today that women tell all I thought she handled herself fine. I felt that the Ashley I think was very forced. Another reason. I didn't like women tell all it felt like very forced set pieces. Like we were being shoved this and I will confused why all they kept bringing back again Rachel's PS a very meaningful, you know, I had to be done but it's like why are why were they bringing back? All of these people may be because the women as they knew it was gonna be a compelling. Yeah. Yeah. I like Kelsey. I think she when people were starting to pitch her for the Bachelorette I thought that was a bad idea because she gets emotional within the first two sentences of her speaking with which there's nothing wrong with that but it doesn't doesn't make for Quality television when you need people to sort of look at situations reasonably and rationally and to have her with 25 men to me would have probably burst her brain, but I like her as a person I think she meant well, I think she probably didn't know how to navigate this situation with the Women and just sort of stuck to her relationship with Peter and for him that worked because he sought out people who were emotional and did cry and that was a Clinger of significant romance to him, but I'm still trying to think I think more will come to light about Kelsey if she does Bachelor in Paradise, I'd be curious to see how she is sort of in the natural world with friends and other suitors. I agree. I want to see Kelsey in a more casual setting it in because everything you said, I really like her. I don't know that she could have held a season like on her own. But yeah, I'm excited to I think her in Paradise Kelly and Paradise will see I we all like Kelly but producers don't seem to like her. Okay. What? Yeah. Oh, sorry. I was going to say before we move our where you going to move on to Kelly. Yeah. I was curious. What is going on? Okay. Well, I will I want to talk about that. I just want to say before we move off Kelsey the thing that I did like about her tonight, and the reason that I think that He probably will like her in Paradise. I think she is capable of having like a good time. I think Bachelor in Paradise our Bachelor in general. If you're a sensitive person is probably the worst kind of environment for you because like the odds are just not in your favor. So like it's going to trigger any emotional response. Whereas if you're in Bachelor in Paradise, you are able to date a little bit more realistically and I think she is a catch so I think the guys will be into her. But I what I liked about her tonight, which made me like like, oh she might you know, she might be a good time hang was her full acknowledgement of the times that she did act crazy. Like when people were like, oh you were on hinge during champagne gate. She was like, yeah. Yeah, like laughed about it. That was good self-awareness own your shit like a tie and I think that's my biggest thing with these people like it's like you could be crazy, but there's like a level of self-awareness like and there's not a defensiveness. I think that shows like a new level of maturity. And and I think you're more likely to grow from that experience rather than if you were to just deny it ever happened and the fact that she kind of leaned in and was like, yeah. No, that was a Nazi also Sydney. Sorry for calling you a dramatic fucking whore. She's like actually what I called you to be fair. She was one of the older and wiser of the group at the ripe age of 26 years old. I mean that is a good age to date Peter. Who's 28? No, I agree. I do think that when I And 26 was probably when like I started even caring about self-awareness. Okay, so let's talk about Kelly. So you were going to ask. Oh, I just didn't know why she wasn't there. So she has publicly said she was not invited to women tell all did not know what was happening. The theory that many many people in batch Niche have is that she was clearly going to outshine the rest of the Men on women tell all I mean she's not only a lawyer but you know what's level-headed normal one and producers don't really like her they gave her a terrible edit on her last episode. They made her look like mean and just like whatever so they don't think that they that people think that the producers did not want her to be The Bachelorette and if she were to go on women tell all she would have looked so good that Bachelor Nation would have rallied behind her and would have liked Ben. Promoting hers Bachelorette so like to nip it in the bud. They didn't even invite her. However, she did end up coming to Los Angeles the weekend that they filled and she went out with all of them. They were all at the Bungalow. Wow. What a conspiracy. Yeah real quick. Why do you think the producers didn't like her? Is it because she didn't buy into the whole experience probably I think she's probably a little too rational and like a little too level-headed and not easily manipulated. So I think she I think they have a For like a new regime of producers now that the Lawns gone and I think this was a group of producer. This is my theory about this is all conjecture. Obviously, I think they needed contestants who are willing to play the game and I just think that Kelly was too smart to do it. Yeah. I want to watch a spin-off show about her and her family of lawyers that are basically succession in real life. I know their whole family Works in law like, that would be a great a great little It'll spin I mean they're doing like a million other spin-offs. I would have added this season if you had to have asked me who I would have wanted for bachelorette. I guess I would have said Kelly 2 million percent the same. I don't know how anyone how there was an argument for anyone other than her, but the yeah, I don't think that anyone would like people involved with the production of the show didn't want our so there were like, well, let's not give her a platform to become one before we start talking about Peter. We talked a little bit about Maybe because they're a lot seemed to be a circle of drama that always surrounded her like it was interesting when they were talk when they were sort of teasing the drama that happened this season. It was like Tammy was at the center of all of it. It would be like Tammy with Kelsey is a problem Tammy with Sydney's a problem Tammy with McKenna the problem as some of you started off as a fan of Tammy. I was sort of disappointed in her performance. What did you think of her last night on women? Tell all She just kind of came off the same sheet of the last couple episodes in my mind just sort of like this. Whiny child almost and it's a shame because I also had high hopes for Tammy when she came out as this woman who's on the wrestling team has kicked a bunch of boys, but I was like, yes, this is someone I want to be friends with but then it seems I'm not a therapist but it seems that she might have her own insecurities and she took that out by just sort of throwing the other women under the bus, which is really unfortunate. It and probably didn't handle having the cameras around to the best of her ability. Well, I don't think she just threw women under the bus like I think like she she's like, I think what you did was the most evil thing we saw on this season was accusing someone of being addicted to drugs. Yeah that came out of left field. That was wild. I didn't know if there were conversations off-camera that we just hadn't seen about you know, Kelsey and it sounds like it was just With like to have ianvictoria P whose like also a closet mean girl. Yes, wait, Victoria P. This was exposed. I wanted more of this drama last night because she is Public Enemy Number One. I agree. I thought she was so shady. She blatantly lied about knowing a Leia and then it's come out that they've hung out all the time went on vacation to vague together. There's pictures. She blatantly lied. She stirred up all Ale a drama by mentioning that her and Leah didn't know each other and that Alaya was clinging to her which was not true at all. And then last night they didn't even address it they brought it up briefly and it was just like your messaging was so off. It was like you were telling people how much you hated her and then she would come into the rose ceremony and he'd be like wiping her tears and game are these long hugs and Victoria was like, I know I'm weird and she was trying to oh, I well we own it and then the girl that That our hero of the night whose name I cannot remember was just like you are not weird Vanna's Savannah you are fake and when I was just like that is what she is and I'm sorry. I know again. This is a night where like I don't want in any world for her to be bullied, but that that behavior needs to be labeled. I agree. Yeah, I agree. I would definitely say what Tammy did was very bad, of course and also Victoria P. I mean just don't You're being followed by cameras. There's other people to vote. There's 20 other people to vet your story. It's just not the environment to lie. And I totally agree. I always am like confused like whatever you're obviously going to like talk shit about these girls behind their backs that like certain points, but I agreed to blatantly lie when there are photographs of you vacationing together or like or whatever. Yeah. I've never understood how people have thought that they would like get away with it when cameras are following them. Um, yeah, I think the only thing is sort of by this point in the season. I don't think anyone's really thinking about Victoria P so she kind of got wiped away from the Slate which I guess is she left my brain when she left the show. Yeah, but I'm assuming we'll see most of these people this summer. I'm Bachelor in Paradise. So okay Mike, what are your overall thoughts of Peter through the whole season? Listen Peter sees Peter seems like a very nice boy. Seems like a nice boy who genuinely is destroyed by hurting people's feelings. Yes. He is. He loves to please all people to his own detriment. I think he knows in his mind what he wants but has no way of actually showcasing that into physical format and just instead keeps everybody on his good side and ends up hurting everyone's feelings. It backfires on him. I think his biggest problem the funny the funniest quote to me was when he was going on his fantasy suite date with Victoria and he said everything's fine, except our communication and Iraq screenings that they literally can't talk to her and I thought that summed up Peter in a nutshell were communication is low on the list of priorities for him and doesn't really make for the best back. Yeah. Yeah, I think is people-pleasing this go like as somebody who like I really do value myself not to sound like Taylor Nolan. But like generally I feel like I'm pretty emotionally intelligent and can pick up when somebody's interested in somebody and versus not and I could not tell other than maybe Madison who he was interested in versus who he wasn't into like he seemed equally interested in everybody. Yes. I think that he's also like I agree like, yeah, he doesn't he's a people pleaser doesn't want to hurt their feelings doesn't know how to like manifest what he wants but I also yeah crap. I feel like I lost my train of thought but now it's her right? No, that's okay. I was also going to weigh in on this that the thing that's also very interesting to me about Peter and not bad thing. But he's super close with his family still lives at home. So I think there's a weird strange relationship where his parents and probably his brother in regular life plays such a huge role in how he makes his decisions and because they were not with him every step of this process. Been a lost puppy. Thank you Megan. That is what I was trying to get at. It wasn't quite so that he was indecisive. But like he literally can't make a decision without the support of his family. I yes, I think you're right. It's like if they if they are not there to tell him what to do. He doesn't know what to do, which is probably why they've been leading up to this his mom's bring her home comment this whole time because finally when he sits down with his parents next episode, there will be some kind of decision making process in the blue. Oh, yeah. Us while we're on the parents my goodness. They gave me hope that I will enjoy orgasms late into life. They are effectual. They are into each other. Oh my God, it really put in perspective when they were so proud of their boy for making Hannah happy four times in a windmill like what what I believe the direct quote with them in the back of the Escalade was it feels good when you do that because there's mother I'm having second and embarrassment for Pete. Right now they and I do feel a little bad but like it does it like it is sweet that like his parents like are that into each other and like he recognizes that and it's like it's yeah, you can see it. Actually this makes sense. This is probably why physical touch is like like the physical relationship is so important to him because he sees like that's how his parents are like manifesting love. I'm sure that they're like cooking and like her mama is moms like at the stove and his dad like comes up and like put his hands on her butt or something. It's like that's so far down or vice versa. It's like yeah, like that's how he's like watching Love layout. So yes, it makes sense that like he's so like the physical connection that he has with women makes so much sense and then like his emotional connection with Madison must be so confused. Where where does he rank for you guys and sort of recent Bachelor history the middle. I mean I Peter as a person, I think someone like Colton who I was not happy to have him as my bachelor's very concerned. I'm still quite frankly very concerned about Colton like I think his season was more fun for me. But like I think the season was better than re like I just really middle the road. I have to zoom out 6,000 feet in order to rank. My bachelor's accordingly because I always end up hating them around this time. So it like around the time member. Hey, eight and Colton and now I have like, uh, like feelings of appreciation for Colton. So I don't know that I can answer that got that that question accurately right now. How do you feel right now? Yeah, I would say he's middle-of-the-road. I was sort of leaning more into this weird thing that the bachelor producers have been doing the last few seasons, like leading up to this like one big event. I do that. I do kind of like it I get it because it's like that's how you keep your viewership. One is the punch. So I'm gonna happen. What is the mom gonna cry, but I Like it. Yes, so I think to your point Alex once we have Peters big event, which will hopefully be next week. Well, it has to be it's the last one. I think it's two nights two nights and hopefully then we can have better judgment. But yeah, I I'm not sure I miss sort of the articulate nature of Ben Higgins and Nick viall. I really I think in recent Bachelor is Nick is my number one. One oh fascinating. Wait. I want to hear why okay, I well I agree. I then I think that Nick and Ben are the golden years of bachelet. Like I think of them as like Aladdin Beauty and the Beast and The Bachelorette. No. No, I think I think you're so right. I mean it was like Bennigan's it was like crazy because you're right. It was like this very articulate very level-headed person that freaked out and told two girls that he was in love with them and slept with For of that lost four of them. No, sorry, maybe three. I think he slept with I think it's like known that he slept with all three girls and manatees. So sorry three of them so you but you think Peter didn't sleep with Victoria. I don't think Peter slept with Victoria II don't think so. I think the reason that Victoria was very upset about this ultimatum was because the ultimatum affected her and her only it didn't fact Hannah and like Hannah and telling her this very matter-of-factly and Victoria is getting so upset. This is after both their dates and hands like yeah, I mean like whatever obviously we slept with him still right didn't you even in the car as victoria left is she was like she referred back to it. She was like, I think this ultimatum way too much on his decision. It's like you're the only one affected by the ultimatum. You're the You want that he actually like whatever like like played along with four and then as they were talking about like even at women tell all they talked about fantasy suites and like him hooking up with like other women like we all knew that he was gonna like like everyone knows what happens they were talking about Madison. They got everyone knows what happens in the fantasy suite. They know that you have sex in the fantasy suite camera pan to Victoria and she looked down. Oh I miss ya I so I just like all of like the sir the circumstances like make me think that they didn't have sex. I'm sure they did. Other stuff but I don't think they had fascinating because everyone's been saying that of course he kept Victoria round because she's the most beautiful one and he did want to just have sex with her. I know it doesn't quite add up. Like I think that is why he brought her why he kept her as long as he did and then I think I think Sarah might be right it hurts to say, I think he made a game-time decision and I think it was because he had Maddie in his head and he wasn't necessarily sure if it was going to be Hannah or mad and he couldn't justify. Being with to whereas you could maybe just by Sleeping with one. I don't think you answered Sara the why was Nick by all your favorite Bachelor? Oh, yeah. Sorry A lot of the same reasons that we've been talking about all night. Like he was a little bit older third late there later 30s or 36. Yeah. He's a little bit older. He has been through it. He like knows how it works. He's gonna give us like what we want. I thought the women on his season were spectacular. I loved loved loved them I even in like I know people have their problems with Vanessa even like Vanessa, like I loved all of them, especially like when it got down to really like his last six, I think that in retrospect also, I you know, I listen to his podcast like pretty religiously I think that he I read that the advice that he get he does like an anime on Instagram and I really think that he is a cell phone, you know the first time A self-aware person. I think it he really thinks about this stuff. Logically. He doesn't just like lead with his D. If you I think he actually is and is might be controversial like the most empathetic Bachelor. Whereas I feel like Ben is a little bit political. I think yes, Nick feels hard and is able to connect on that level and I think that's why I love him in retrospect. I hated him when he was on the season again, it's Zoom back. I know it's so funny. I hate you. I hated him as his Bachelor. I like hate watched him a little bit. I don't think I wanted to admit how much I was into him because he had I didn't like what he did with Andy. Yes, I've been I've been Knicks fan for a really really long time. I liked him on Andis season and then and then yes, what he did on out for the winter roads was messed up. But I think the reason I can love Nick by all so much is because I've seen him learn from mistakes that he's made and I've been able like, you know a lot of this. We have to not everyone in this franchise stays with us for years, you know, we can't always watch everyone grow as a person but we've had the pleasure of getting to watch Nick grow and I want and I like that. I like that he was somebody that was able to like hear what he did wrong and learn from his mistake and actually grow from it and like now is like so about like empowering not just women but also the men on this shit like a lot like the everyone, you know, yeah, I'm sure you guys have talked about this but to me Peters is weird amalgamation of Nick viall looks and like Ben Higgins politics. Yeah. Yeah, and I think like the opposite would like Ben and Nick is like been very famously slept with all three girls in the fantasy suite Nick very famously only slept with Vanessa. It was like very like interesting like he's like, I know that this is who I wanted to pick and that's another thing. I think he was just decisive like I don't like a wishy-washy lead. I had a hard time with Becca because of it, you know, like, I don't like I don't like this like living in the middle. I like a lead that can make choices Rachel Nick Kaitlyn bristowe. No one will be Kaitlyn. Bristowe my mind the most epic a great a great. Okay. What do you guys think is going to happen next week? I can say with full confidence. I have no idea, but I guess I want to hear what your guest is are. Okay, I guess I guess mad. Thin leaves right? That's what I'm thinking and then he's like but I love her so the moms like well then go get her bring her ha. I don't know what else I could be poor. I've never thought I'd say this poor Han and Madison has a leg up with the parents too because she did the first date with them. So they basically know her already Hannah is going to come in almost as the other woman now, which is not Sara Lee fair to her but that's just how that weird dates worked out. Yeah, I agree. I think like Not only was does Madison have a leg up because she met them she met them at like their vow renewal. So I just can't get over that that was so personal again. I'm sure it wasn't a like that to reiterate a thought that we had 10 episodes ago. But like I'm sure it was for the cameras, but I think it was the parents idea. I think that producers were like, oh like we Do like on a date with you and they'd be like let's say something like fun like renew our vows. Yeah, I can see a world in which Peters parents are a thousand percent behind that idea. But at that it in their heads, she's the only girl yeah, like why would they give a shit about no offense Hannah? Anne's great. But why would they give a shit about her? Like she's not real to them yet, you know like res Madison. They already have a bond with exactly what you said. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out what the news. Is that Chris Harrison? Breaks to Peter and also why no one has been able to spoil the season is it because they're Peters waiting to talk to Madison after the final row so rumor has it that ABC paid reality Steve to not spoil it. Wow. He has been very Coy about it on Twitter when people have asked him directly. He hasn't said yes, he hasn't said no, he's only made jokes about it. So Seems like that's probably what went down. I think that and I think I saw Nick Nick by all my favorite Bachelor to beat this that if it is that Madison leaves then maybe the final moment with Chris Harrison is something we he's about to propose to Hannah and and something we all find out is that Madison showed up and if so that that's that's was Nick's prediction. But yeah, that's what people think that ABC paid reality Steve. I mean it's a good tactic on their part, but because I wasn't even spoiling the rest of the season I think him spoiling the season is good for the show because I think it like Fosters community and like I think in general people are still going to want to go to the site because it feels like they're a part of something big. So I think it works in both of their favors for him to continue to spoil but not spoil the end because without that missing po that like ending piece like the people are going to come out like crazy, but it's not going to diminish his web traffic leading up to it because people are still Don't want to know what happens the week before it happens. Like I think it's good for everybody. I think it's mutually assured the opposite of Destruction Construction Construction a very happy. That's a very obvious solution. I was thinking the reason why Peter was so confident. It wasn't spoiled is that they were literally waiting to have him propose until like live right there like me don't spoil it just do it. Ya later. No II think that there's definitely truth to this paying him. I mean, whatever dude you got to do, right? Yeah. Well, this has been a journey. I think we're going to sign off pretty soon Meg. Do you have any final thoughts that you would like to leave us with before? We didn't really talk about the Rachel Lindsay thing, but I just want to say I love her. I think it's horrible that people make such vicious comments against the contestants. I mean, they are human beings. They may not make the best choices, but they don't more in any hate. They've, you know, they're just entertaining us on their televisions. And I think it like it goes beyond like criticism and it just goes to like attacking them for things that are like exactly how Rachel raised it how you were born like that? Yeah. You can't that nobody controls about themselves. Yeah. It's like really devastating. I think Alexa in particular when she was talking about the criticism that she's faced. Yeah, because she decided to go natural which is a look that we haven't seen on. The show and she was arguably probably the most beautiful woman in this trash. It was beautiful and also seemed like the coolest person to hang out and he'll cool. I really loved what Alexa said to and she was like, I'm happy that she had like the strength to speak out about that but then to also say like but then I received messages of like women thanking me for like representing them on the show makes this type of thing worth it. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. No, it's very nice. Very nice. Gesture I'm always I'm always curious about the bachelor producers true intentions behind those always always. Oh, I'm like are they just like I don't want to take away from Rachel's agency at all, but it's also like are they just propping her up? And here's here's what I kind of thing happen with women tall. I think they knew it wasn't going to be spectacular. They asked some some favorite alums to come back. They asked Ashley. They asked Rachel and they were kind of probably gave them agency over like a okay, like what kind of things do you want to do and Ashley felt very connected to these girls who were like bullied for crying and then Rachel's like actually this is something that's been weighing on me. We had some women of color this season like I'd love to come on and like speak directly about this. So I imagine the relationship because it's still seems very good and strong with like those two women. It's like we need some help. Why don't you guys come on what would you like to do or would you like to say? Yeah, that makes perfect sense. Yeah. This was so fun. I'm so excited. Claire I don't think I said it enough in the early part of this but I think she's going to be a great Bachelorette. She knows what she's doing. She knows who she wants at this point in life and I hope they just cast really good people for her. I think they will I'm already so I'm feeling so optimistic. I apparently a couple guys are over 40. So I'm have kids like this is going to be we're throwing it back to earlier seasons and I feel like this is what the franchise needs right now. I'm very Pro also as 30 Essex. But oh no go right now. Sorry. I was just thinking back to base. I thought there and did the podcast late one more thought I was gonna say thank you being that I am also in my 30s. I'm also looking forward to the fact of a season where I can have some eye candy again and also judge the men on my own personal dating right and like not it'd be kind of like feel weird because they just graduated. Not to be objectifying 24 year olds. Yeah. It's like oh I feel weird when I'm calling you hot here 10 years younger. I don't want to have to Google you to make sure that it's okay that I think you're hot. Like I just wanna feel okay to do that on my own. Yeah. That's fair. Alright. Well, thank you so so much. Thank you. Wait for Claire. I Thanks for listening. If you like what you heard you can find us again, wherever you get your podcast and don't forget to rate review And subscribe on Apple podcasts. Have you ever encountered an unexplained hairy bipedal hominid in the woods? Have you received telepathic messages from an unidentified aerial phenomena? If so, then you need to listen to Big Foot collectors club. I'm Michael McMillan and I'm Brice Johnson and together with super producer Riley Bray. We make up the Bigfoot collectors club. That's right every week. We talk to actors comedians Riders and paranormal experts about their personal paranormal histories and share stories of high strangeness like the time when we talked to Craig Ferguson about the Ness monster and when a sea witch told him he had Raven magic or the time I asked Pitch Perfect Santa Camp her opinion on cattle mutilations past guests have included Rachel Bloom Jen Kirkman call at Tompkins Bobcat Goldthwait and more. So if you've ever been abducted alongside five Reindeer by an alien with drills for hands or witness Vic put crawl out of the an interdimensional portal don't laugh happens all the time. Then check out Bigfoot collectors club on campfire Media or wherever you get your podcasts Bigfoot collectors club. Yo, you're here to believe us. Wait, is that how it goes? campfire