What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it.Feels so good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to Spring you Those first warm days aren't they just like the most glorious thing and I was thinking about this as I was bathing in the sun. I was like, you know, it's being cold that makes being warm feels so amazing and that's kind of true about trials suffering what I'm going to talk about today, you know our Sarah and I is recent experience at the trials and not having things go the way we'd hoped or expected or wanted or drempt they would go and yet there's something about that pain that makes the future Joys and successes and victories all the more sweeter like way sweeter than they'd be if you're just winning every race all the time and always achieving your goals and always knocking it out of the park like that looks like a lot of fun from the outside right but I bet you from the inside and I said I bet you because that's not been my journey at all. I've had more than my fair share of failures and downers in life. That's for sure. But I bet you it's not as fun as it looks to just be successful all the time. And I think you see that when you look at like Hollywood right and like how much those guys struggle with depression and you know drugs is so prevalent stuff because if life is just good all the time. You kind of become dull to the joy into the Simple Pleasures in life in the those moments when you do break through like There's no breakthrough if there's nothing to break through, right like if you already broken through and you're just living in a state of breakthrough all the time sounds glorious, but you actually kind of lose touch with why it's so glorious like you forget what you came out of. So anyways, I'm getting off on a random real ready to kick things off. But, you know, just keep that in mind like actually failures make our successes, but more vibrant more Delicious more tasty more fulfilling more more everything just been so much better. Right when you've been through the wringer and you come out the other side Victorious man. There's no better feeling than that. So if you're in the middle of it and you're going through your own struggles your own trials just realize like like these these try to do these DVDs. He struggles these trials or actually just Going to enhance the flavor of my next Victory so we'll kick it off with that. But anyways to actually kick things off. I want to say big congrads to you know, our top three women who are going to the Olympics Alpha especially excited for her. You know, she was the women's winner and she's just such an amazing person has such a great heart. She's been over to our house had dinner with us in the kids and our kids just adore her love her. She's just such a happy. Person just she's smiling all the time always fun to talk to you just has a really amazing outlook on life. So big congrats to her excited see what she can do in the games and then you know on the men's side, you know, super excited for my buddy Abdi pulling off his fifth Olympic team at 43 years old the oldest US Olympian ever pretty insane. I'm having coffee with him. We were supposed to get one today, but he was feeling a little bit sick. But man, we need to have him on the podcasts Dune episode on anti-aging right? Like if anyone's got it figured out it's that guy which is interesting because I've actually we've lived with Abdi for a brief period we were first coming up here to Flagstaff to train and we've seen like his lifestyle what he eats and he's like just very basic right? Like he eats clean healthy food that comes out of the ground. He sleeps when he's tired he trains hard. Not too hard, like he's just very like describing his like very sound now when he gets out on the race course and gets his races like he's very fiery. He's like super fun to to race with and to train with because things can get heated like him in him and Meb could never trained together because they'd always get a little not actual boxing matches, but little duels out on the on the roads, you know, but he's just such a great guy. He is always makes me laugh when my favorite people to be around on the running surface. Circuit just like always smiling always having a good time. I'll see you about some of my favorite Abdi moments thing. My favorite actually was where one of them one of the more memorable and so is we're is before the 2012 Olympic Trials in Houston. And you know, we're in the lobby and I was talking to Meb then I think it's time to memorize already talking. Abdeen. Anyways ended up just being me Mebane Abdi like talking in the lobby and I'll be like man. This is the team is the team, right? You're like really need to go around the race is funny just because he's like totally called it. But he's just a fiery fun guy who is going to represent our country really. Well, so really stoked for him. So big congrats to you know, and Galen as well running 209 on that course is pretty insane. So big congrats to him Coach Mike Smith there, you know just started working together and that's obviously working. So excited to see what they can do when it comes time for the game. So, Big congrats all of our Olympians but man watching the trials as someone who has a ton of friends in both races the men and women's race. It's just like this Bittersweet experience, right? Like some of your buddies are like Abdi like having the race of their life and getting on team and you're just like, yes like so excited and then same time like most of your friends are, you know, their dreams are being crushed right before their eyes and It's a very sad day for them and a sad place to be so it's a it's hard. It's actually really hard event to be at because you're both celebrating and you know mourning the loss of a dream and for your other friends and you know in my case with Sarah and that's what I'm talking about here here in a little bit is my experience of processing with Sarah and going through her disappointment with her and you know as her coach like Taking that upon myself as well. And so that's what we're going to talk about later on. But before I jump into that, I just want to say like how proud I am of our Run free crew. We are small but Fierce we had four athletes in there. And I'd say, you know, none of them probably have the day that they were really hoping to have out in the trials, but they all stuck their nose in it and as a coach like that's what makes me the most proud, you know, like I would just love watching our athletes just go Wear it and stick their nose in it. And I think my favorite picture of this in the trials was watching Tierney who is our high school athlete there's competing in the trials competing in shit watching her that first Loop. I'm a on a scooter with Jay and a couple other buddies Jays one of our coaches it run free. If you guys I've had him on the podcast before he's coaching tyranny and you know the plan was not hey Tierney go to straight to the front of the Olympic trials and weed. That first Loop, but I just love how fiery she is and and how she sees herself, you know, like she feels like that's where she belongs and so she's gonna go stick her nose in it and watching her come by. The front of the group was Sarah. It reminded me of myself when I was in high school because you know, even though I wasn't at a world class level when I was in high school, I I felt like I belong there so whenever I had the opportunity to go race guys like Bernard, Got when I ran in indoor mile against him in Los Angeles, I'll go to the front and try and run with them because I was like, this is where I belong. This is where I see myself and even though I'm not here yet. It's like me preparing myself for my future self. So it's really cool to see Tierney going after that at the trials with that same kind of Fire. So, you know, obviously Sarah's race, you know, we just done that podcast for you guys and things are just clicking so well and all the way up to the race. She just kept feeling better and better and we were so stoked for the race so excited and so obviously super shocked, you know to see her struggling at I think is she's an elite group all the way. I think it's through 17 or 18 miles and then she started to Off a little bit and I remember I wasn't at that point on the course. I was I was it mile 22 waiting for her where I was going to scoot next to her on my scooter my electric scooter though my God, and I just I remember checking updates on my phone and seeing that she was falling off and just be like no like it felt like someone had just like hit me in the stomach, you know and just being filled with like this like nauseous feeling like I can't believe it's happening and there wasn't Any part of me, that's like what's going on like she screwing this up like there is zero of that. There was only like like just so heartbroken for her, you know, and and for myself as well, like I said, we're a team right so like when she succeeds like I take part in that when she Fails Like I take part in that as well. So just super super shocked and bombed and she came past me at 22 and I could tell like her legs were just not there anymore. They were just Aubrey lagged and she was not moving well at all. And so, you know, I scooted next to her and had a little conversation with her as she was running and continue on in the course and trying to just kind of leave it up to her because I didn't want to tell her to step off the course but knowing that that was the right move and it like her day was done and she was only do more damage to her body if she kept running through what I was seeing in her legs, so I was grateful when she stepped off the course around 20. 2.5 and we hopped in an Uber and you know that began the process of us kind of working through this disappointment together. And so that's why I want to talk to you guys about Ox. It's been really interesting week for me that way and a growing weak for me that way and so kind of I kind of went through this process of being shocked first, you know, and then being super bummed for her and bone for myself and bum that this it happened and then later on at saying that that evening. After the race laying in bed at night not able to sleep just like questioning the training questioning our preparation the courses I had are trained on and training like just racking my brain. Like what could I have done differently here? Like because I don't I don't put when my athletes and when you guys is, you know, our Run free athletes don't perform. Well, like just know that the coach is not sitting in the back being like yeah, they just like blew up they just Just you know, mentally just didn't have these threw in the towel. Like no. No, that's that's not what we do it run free. We're in it with you guys to the end and past the end, you know, like in trying to figure out what what happened here. So, you know, I was just I was just questioning stuff we had done and back at the landing on this that you know, she was obviously in the best shape. She'd ever been in Houston six weeks prior running and personal best and what I've seen in training I'm the best stuff. I've seen come from her and then she was feeling great leading up to the race to like in the week leading up to at the days leading up to it. Like she's feeling bouncy she's feeling springy. And so I really just kind of laying on the conclusion that I don't think there's any, you know, if I if you had me go back and train her differently for this race knowing what I know now about the course like I wouldn't do anything differently. Like I really didn't feel like there was and you know not to say that we had a perfect preparation and everything was done perfectly and I'm a perfect coach. That's not at all what I'm saying here I'm saying like I just couldn't figure out anything that was blatantly obvious that we did wrong in the build-up. So I kind of just landed on like this is just bad luck. Like it's bad luck that she had to run this course for the Olympic trials and I remembered us visiting Atlanta for the first time, you know, six months ago and it Been even longer ago than that. And I remember my posts on Instagram after I saw the course for the first time and I was just so frustrated that they chose this course because I knew you know, Sarah she loves flat fast courses. She loves to get in a rhythm. She's she's kind of a time trial I straight like well, she's not a time trials because she's actually a really good competitor. She's like I was a time trial. She's a she's a competitor. I put us into different categories there, but she's really good on flat courses like she's really good at just and it's mechanic saying it's not like a mental thing. And so I think that's important to pause on briefly for you guys who are listening is it's okay to be aware of like your strengths and weaknesses because it might not even be your fault like in Sarah situation like it's not her fault that she's not typically as good on a hill at Super hilly course as she is on a flat course like a has more to do with her genetic make up for how she moves her mechanics how she runs that plays into it way way more than training and of course, you know, there's things we can do in training to get her more ready for those courses, but to me very difficult to take someone who is really great on flat fast courses and make them really good on hilly courses if it's something that they typically struggle with so anyways, kind of just Ended up landing on the man. This was just bad luck for Sarah. You know that she had to to race a crazy course for the Olympic trials and then that made me a little bit frustrated, you know is like like who made this decision but, you know run a course that's two and a half times the gain and loss of Boston Marathon elevation gain loss of Boston to pick a team for the Olympic Marathon that's going to be pancake flat like that just doesn't make sense to me them. So, you know, there's that frustration as well but mainly is like well, this was just totally outside of our control right? Like we don't have a say in what course they select for the Olympic trials. We got just prepare for it show up and do our best with it. But I really did just feel like you case of bad luck and I just kept kind of repeating that to myself as like man. This is just like such bad luck. I don't know if you guys have ever had a situation like that for yourself either in your running. In life in general, I think most human beings have right where your slyke can't believe that happened. That was just such bad luck. You know like that was that was where I was at for a couple of days just just realizing that and it is interesting to think about I start thinking about luck and bad luck and I was realizing they actually back in 2007. This was actually a similar situation where we were picking a team for the 2008 Beijing. Olympics which is going to be pancake flat and we did it on a really hilly trials course, but there it was good luck for me because I typically run well on hilly courses specially like courses with downhills in it. Like I've just always liked since the time I was a little kid. I always just loved charging down down Hills, you know we go cut wood up in the mountains and we'd run home and my dad be driving our truck and I just be like barreling down. He's down Hills out of control. Like I have no idea why I just always was Daddy always loved it. Right. So like in that situation. It was really good luck for me that we are running through Central Park and doing loops on Central Park yet a guy like Khalid khannouchi who's our American record holder in the marathon was also in that race and he didn't typically run hilly course. I don't even know if he's good at them or not, but it was kind of bad luck for him that we had to run a super hilly course for our Olympic trials, but I didn't even think about that fact until this. Just happened this week. I was like that was actually really bad luck for clean and kind of not cool, you know, but I was like, this is a good illustration of how I typically always realize when I've I'm experiencing bad luck. But often times I miss it when I'm having good luck, you know, and it's really easy to see like the Injustice of a situation when you feel like you're the one who then Justice is against but it's really hard to see it when it's someone else's Injustice, you know, so I was like feeling a little bit. I don't know what that situation is being like. Well, yeah luck is a part of the sport right and like sometimes you're like me in 2007 where you benefit from it from from you have good luck. But your good luck is someone else's bad luck. Usually write like you're good luck comes at the expense of someone else's luck. Like khalid's look in the seven trials. So that's kind of just thinking a lot about that and thinking about luck. Chuck and I was remembering this story that actually heard a while back and it's such a great story. It's really helped me kind of process this this frustration that I've had that you know, this is just such bad luck for Sarah and feeling in bad luck for me as well, you know and and getting a better View and being able to change my view on luck. So here's the story. All right, so bear with me here, it's not very long super short. Alright, so once upon a And there was an old farmer who had worked his crops for many years one day his horse ran away upon hearing the news. His neighbor came to visit such bad luck. They said sympathetically, maybe the farmer replied the next morning the horse returned bringing with it. Three other wild horses how wonderful the neighbors exclaimed maybe replied the old man the following day his son tried to ride one of the Untamed horses was thrown in broke his leg. The neighbors came. Again to offer their sympathy on his Misfortune may be answered the farmer. The day after military officials came to the Village to draft young men into the army seeing that the sun's leg was broken. They passed him by the neighbors congratulated the farmer on how well things had turned out maybe the farmer said so I just love this story because it really just challenges my own view of luck. And so obviously, you know in this story things that appear to be bad luck turn into good luck, but it's more than that, right? It's like actually just not placing labels on things that happened in our life and I realized my own life how quickly I do this where certain things happened. I was like, that's bad. That's It that's bad. That's good. And not you know, I often times don't even realize I'm doing it. It's just like so easy to just start judging things and you almost when you step back from that. You're like man, I'm like God right now like declaring. What's good declaring what's bad when like really like I don't have a full picture of life. I don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow. I don't know what's going to happen a year from now, like I'm not I don't have full knowledge here. It's like pretending to be God, but not Having the knowledge to be God, you know, so I just be response and so I was thinking about you know, the situation with Sarah and how this appeared to be such bad luck. This appeared to be like so bad and like as I catch myself saying like, oh man, this is just such bad luck and be like, no like maybe maybe maybe this is bad luck. That is that Is one possible outcome right? Like this could be ballot, but maybe this is good luck like that. Maybe there's something that's going to happen in the future be as a result of this that is really going to work to Sarah's favor. And what I found is I began to do that is it kind of changed my view of the world from being pessimistic to being like man, this is such bad look like why do bad things always happen to me? Like it's so easy to get on that train right like to just be able to like Like I said, like we're just way more aware of bad luck than good luck. Right, like of course, we do at times realize when we are lucky but oftentimes, it's like me like I didn't realize how lucky I was in those two thousand seven Olympic trials and so here we are 13 years later, right? So like usually we miss it. We miss the good luck, right, but we definitely notice it when we have bad luck, right, but when we change our response from man is such bad luck to maybe It just opens up the world to us to be potentially a good place. It makes us more open receptive and it allows us to be able to see the good that can come from bad things that happen in our life or you know, quote unquote bad things that happen in our life that appear to be bad but could actually be work together for good and it says that you know, that's one of my favorite verses in the Bible that gets thrown around a lot that he has all things all things to work together for our good right and I love I love that verse like that's such a great one in such a reminder four times and we do feel like bad things are happening. But I really want to encourage us as a community to change our response to things that appear to be bad or when we think we're experiencing bad luck to catch our self to not be like man. This is such bad luck or that's so bad. To our response being like I'm going to not cast judgment on this situation and I'm going to choose maybe because maybe leaves the door open for good things maybe is open. It's looking for the ways that this can actually be turned into a good thing. And as I've kind of accepted maybe in this situation, it's really just brought a ton of peace to me to be able to to continue to move on and and to be able to see the world in a good place, you know not be angry at the people who decided to choose this course, like of course like I can start to get myself worked up if I talk about but when I change my response to well, maybe maybe this is good. Maybe this bad like all of a sudden I'm at peace with people around me as well. So that's why I encourage you guys with that story. Hopefully that's helpful and you know as I think about maybe Be in this situation for us. I think about how something I like to say often times is that there's something to be gained in every single race every single good race batteriess mediocre race in every trial in every season. There's every period of suffering. There's always something to be gained and like I said being as podcast realizing that these Seasons these hard times are just going to make the good Time so sweet like so sweet like more sweet than they could. Otherwise be without having to go through this and for us and I think about the Olympic trials. There was a very sweet aspect of the trials of very super super powerful thing that did happen as a result of quote unquote bad race again, maybe I don't know. Was this the silver lining in all this was just the amount of love that not only Sarah felt from you guys from everyone and myself included in that like I can't tell you how many messages we got on Instagram or how many text messages we got and you know even talking to Sarah. She's telling me she's like, I experienced Your Love In Like A different deeper way when I'm going through these hard times like Like that, she can't experience it any other way than when she's going through these super hard times and it was like that for me as well. Like with people that was hearing from like so many friends families and people who are just there like man is watching the race and I just started crying when Sarah started struggling and you know, you're just like we've been moved to tears like over and over again by people's love for us and sometimes it's people we know sometimes is not people we know so just know if you were one of those people who Sending us encouragement man. That is such that's what life's about right. Like that's what all of this is supposed to be about is about loving on each other experiencing love like it says in the Bible that God is love. So I believe that every time we experience love from someone else. We're having an encounter with God because God is love. So thank you for giving us so many encounters with God this last week. Week that we would have otherwise maybe not had if Sarah hadn't gone through this trial. So there's there's always guys remember that always always always and every season every situation every injury every sickness. There's always something to be gained. We do have to look for it. It's not always obvious like we have to go after it we have to have eyes to see and I think this this idea of not judging These trials quote-unquote trials were going through these bad things going quote bad things that happen not judging them being rather maybe allow us to open up our eyes and see the good that is happening around us. So I hope that's been helpful for you guys. And I think again, thank you guys so much for pouring out your love on Sarah and I and the Run free community is its powerful it's real. It's it was so great to run into so many you guys out on the streets in Atlanta. Te every time I run into someone and they tell me they're a listener to the podcast. It just makes me feel good. So thanks for being a part of our community, and I'm looking forward to future episodes until then guys. Happy training and I will talk to you guys next week.