Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an This whole semester has been like a slower semester because we only have besides one of our classes where we have like five midterms or five exams total including a final. It's been like we haven't had any exams like leading up to this point because these classes have been like it's going to be two midterms and a final which like you should we have three midterms and a final so it's just been like I've been waiting and waiting and waiting for them to actually like be something that pick up the pace a little bit but we made it through and I still don't have to do as much studying as I've had to do and semesters in the past just because of the nature of the classes which it's just been super nice and I remember at the beginning of the semester me and Sarah were saying something along the lines of like how we felt like we had so much free time this semester and where we like didn't know if I was going to pick up or not and I feel like it obviously picked up a little bit and we had to put more work in studying like actually have to go to the library and spend time there last week just to like which is weird because we haven't had anybody that really like, yeah, I don't the library so little this semester. It's crazy one thing to The like for one of our classes the best way to study and talking about our anatomy lab is to physically go to the class. So it's likely when we go to office hours four times or four hours every week that's outside of class. Like we kind of think of that as just like being class because that's how often we go. And so many people in our class go to all the office hours, but technically it's like outside of class additional studying. So it's like just a loan for anatomy lab this week leading up to the exam. I guess. It was last week. We had six for we were there for 12 hours just in lab studying. So and the outside of it mostly we but then again like it doesn't but feel like studying. Yeah, it's a good different kind of class. Do we say we said we're doing this episode, right? Yes. Okay my weekly Spotlight because it's at your weekly Spotlight. Yeah. That's my with my weekly Spotlight is that because spring break is kind of and they just happy birthday Lily. Oh my God, our adorable little black lab puppy. She still puppy in my opinion. I'm just turning for today when you listen to this it has acknowledged today. I love her so so much and I wish nothing but good things for her. She's so cute. If you don't follow me on Instagram you're missing out because I posted a picture of her from three years ago when it was her first birthday and she has little birthday hat on. She's like got hard like next up that her face because she's like not in a comfy position at all, but super cute. I look the exact same so that's from when I was a student myself. I like this so you can continue on my weekly Spotlight. Is that what was it? That way it's in spring break is coming up. We actually like got a good amount of new clothes and I don't go online shopping that much I will say I've been doing it a little bit more here and there because spring break is coming up but I got like a good amount of clothes that I'm very excited about because I honestly just like don't get legit clothes that aren't active wear as much as I probably should. I mean it's not a bad thing because then it saves me money, but I really do just like be spending money on all this activewear, which is good because that's what I wear the most but also then on the rare occasions that I need a Will close I have nothing and then I just am like I come up with the worst outfit ever feel like that one time. I need to be wearing actual clothes and I'm like, whatever I look horrible that these this outfit does not feel like what I would wear at all and then I just like say whatever move on and then I forget to actually get close after the fact and then we end up in the same cycle where I just keep wearing clothes that I don't like that literally makes me think back to when we did family pictures in 2018 in February or something and I went back and I totally meant to To buy some sort of like sweater or top because it was kind of cold outside. We take pictures outside and I think I was just so like bombarded with exams and stuff at that time. And I was like, you know, I'm just gonna wear like some of my mom's clothes and like I just did not like mapping at all. I'm not saying I'm just saying I'm not buying your clothes ugly. I'm just like the shoes like the sweater. I stand like how look with my jeans. I didn't love how looked on me and I was like, this is so not my style. Also just like didn't think the pictures turned out that that weird filter on it a lot of them. Yeah. It was like Like go party blue tent and your point. Um, so yeah, I guess that's all we have for our weekly Spotlight. We're going to probably start talking a little bit about our plans for spring break this year and then we'll kind of look back at years past and talk about where we've gone. Take a little trip down memory lane memories that pop up that we want to talk about. So we are going to Hawaii for spring break this year and we are going to be there from like Saturday. To like we're gonna get there Saturday night and then we come back but we leave there on like Friday morning, but get back here Saturday or we leave there Friday night get back here Sunday morning because it's a red eye and the time zone changes. So I am I think you know if I could fly to Europe but I manage those flights that I can break up to five to six hour flights and it'll be fine. Also, I'm literally just looking so forward to being in Hawaii that like, it's all gonna be worth it. Anyways, because Hawaii Around those places where it's like it's just like a nice easy legit tropical vacation, but like still in the u.s. I feel like it's not I get off to prepare as much or like figure every single thing out when you do when you go to different country. And so I'm so looking forward to it Maggie super excited. We're all hyped about it and we actually have like a little bit more that we need to explore do like we probably need to run a car still but I was lucky holding off on that a little bit because the coronavirus I kind of wasn't sure for a little bit if we were like still going to go I mean It's always been like we are going to go but when it first started spreading in the u.s. Is kind of like depending on how bad it gets or where it's at. We were going to like re-evaluate if you wanted to go and just like now that I've reassured myself that like you can't just like live in fear of like maybe traveling and maybe getting the virus and like listening to like the CDC and all that stuff and how they've only talked about travel restrictions to other countries like Italy South Korea stuff like that like listening to what they're saying and I'm like, okay. You can still go to Hawaii and like not be unreasonable just because like there is a smaller. All we're gonna do is just bring some sanitary wipes and wipe things down pressed anyone that lives in those areas that like are affected though, especially like anywhere in the world or like in the US where there's like hot spots because at a scary make sure you're washing your hands using hand sanitizer wipes and all that stuff and listen to the CDC for information and don't just trust what you see everywhere else. Um, so that's a little interesting. Thing to consider this here as far as spring break goes. I've been wondering. I mean I know for a fact like especially with hearing might like the study abroad people that have had to come back like that's insane. Yeah, is it how much money I mean? I know it's for your safety. I have I was studying abroad. I want to come back to probably I think a lot of people don't I know that's I'm just saying I feel like I'd want to come back same like well that learn Italy and they don't they're also like losing so much money because we're like you have to figure out I've seen this she's like if they sublease their apartment for the semester that they have to come back and like find housing. Or if it's going to get finish. Is it going to be online if you seen people being like well, I had like a painting in art class. Look, how was I supposed to get finished online like those takes so many things that really haven't had to happen before. I mean, maybe there's probably been outbreaks and stuff in the past. I don't feel like it's ever been to this extent and like so widespread that like students are being brought back from wherever they're studying abroad. And then I mean, I think better safe than sorry, but you know, it kind of sucks like the one time you On a study abroad and like this happens. I'm sure it's yeah kind of a buttery odds, um that aside though because I don't really have much to say about this like, you know, what a Hot Topic I've been I'm sure most people could ever in the world has been keeping up with updates in numbers and stuff like that. But it's just like how interesting is it that like something like this is happening and I don't want to say that in terms of like, oh how fascinating like because it's real and like people people's lives are being affected by it, but it's just like it's such a rare. Event that like it's so interesting to see the stories that are coming out of it and like I don't know and I feel like right now we're still in a position where it's like just like this thing that we're like looking at from afar from a distance. We don't have to like so actually be like, oh real. I hope that doesn't change. You know, I hope it doesn't spread out because you know right now knock on wood. That was me knocking on the the one leg of my stool that this microphone is on it hasn't come to Iowa yet. So yeah, we'll just hope that so Now that yeah are 99% sure. We're going to be going to Hawaii still because that's where we're at right now. We need to figure out car transportation and how much that would cost because I think that we have to pay an additional daily fee for being under 25, which is annoying but 25 is it's an old radio for like having to rent a cars insurance. I know Actuarial see, okay. So since it's just Megan Megan died going on this trip. We've actually like done very minimal planning, but I think that's very on par with what we all want out of this trip. I think we just want all or what. We just all want to relax and kind of take things as it comes like see we want to do each day and then just that day figured out and do it because I feel like in the past we've gone trips where we've had it like this trip itinerary and it's like okay. I just don't really feel like like there's sometimes when you're traveling with people that you like, even if they're selling like they absolutely don't care what you're doing like you kind of feel this sense of urgency. See to make sure everyone's getting what they want out of the trip. So it's making sure you're always doing something and you know, making sure that if they want to do something you can do something or just like always having things back-to-back planned out what you can do. So everyone's like getting the most out of their trip and some people like that works great and like if you're spending a lot of money to go on a trip and sometimes it is like you do want to sacrifice being like sacrifice lazy time, you know, if that's what you want just so you can go do things because you're there I understand that but I feel like new Serie and Maggie are all just going to want to like there's gonna be Like it's been a long day and we're going to want to go back to our apartment or whatever. We're staying just like relax and like call it a day and I feel like that's it's nice to know that we all are comfortable legitimate being like I'm tired like we can just not do anything and I still don't have plenty of time to like we're going to explore different beaches, but we aren't sure what ones I know we're going to go to Hanalei Bay and just like those other beaches that will look up and see Ellen's want to go to maybe we'll go back to the same features that we like. You can go hiking probably do that at some point. Like we haven't like something like this but here what you want to cause they're so like maybe also checking those out we did book one Excursion just like so we actually have something planned out that you're going to do because if we push that off too long and decided to do it there. I'm sure it would have been full and we did know that we wanted to do at least one Excursion, but that's all we're doing just because I feel like that's plenty for us. I get so expensive to do a ton of excursions. So we're going to be doing a I don't know how to say the name of the boat Castle it catamaran. Don't wait Cameron. I don't know I said kind of Martin but it's one of those boats will actually it's not like the picturesque ones you'd imagine but it's like technically still is like it doesn't have a net. It's just kind of like a tourist boat that takes people out but analytes lunch and we're gonna go snorkeling. I think we get free pop to I love that I think and then if the weather is nice and it's, you know, good to go then we get to go snorkeling and I'm just very much looking excited or I'm looking excited. To it. I'm looking forward to it. I've seen pictures of the napali coast and it's absolutely beautiful. And otherwise we're going to also decided that since we're staying and an Airbnb it's a verb out technically but no not ever knows what VRBO is so it's just Air B&B pretty much since I was a kitchen we're going to try and go grocery shopping just to save some money and I feel like I honestly get tired of going out to restaurants like every single night. So I think that getting some simple stuff for us to make at the verbo. Also being a little picnic stuff to bring to the beach. Yeah. I mean I used to like bring it back Nipper food. I'm sure the apartment has stuff like I'm kind of like I'm assuming they have towels. I'm assuming they have things we can cook with I'm assuming that they have a blanket we could bring if we wanted to picnic all that stuff. I'm just assuming and then what else do we have planned out for that trip? Honestly, like nothing else really? Yeah, because like we're going to talk about all the vacations like we've gone after spring break in the past like this one. I specifically was like I want to relax and just like have it be this is like our first like real real solo trip. I feel like otherwise like we went to New York technically just me Megan and Maggie, but I was like 24 hours and it was through company. So it was like our scheduled our whole day was like we are with the NBC crew and doing that stuff like the whole entire day. So it's like me. Have any free time to even like figure out we wanted to do outside of that. And so this like will just be six days straight of us like waking up in deciding. What do you want to do today? We can like line drawn in the morning and then go to the beach or we could go around like to the town and walk around there if I keep places to get lunch all that stuff and there's no hiding. I know I'm just and we're keeping it already because I don't want to put like any expectations in this trip because you know take every always says when you put this expectation in something like it's really hard for things like, Live up to expectations. So I just want to like go and enjoy it for what it is. Have a good time and enjoy the warm weather. Yeah. Oh another thing that's been great is that it's actually been getting warm here. We're studded. We're starting to finally hit Spring and like it's not freezing at least not currently it's been like that for a couple days where we've had some like consistently getting into the 50s type weather and the sun's been coming out and like today. I was wearing my winter coat still because like it still is like cold in the morning when I leave but like I was getting a little hot When I was leaving the wreck because I just worked out and so I was like I am dying right now. So hopefully the luck keeps getting warmer. Once we really like the 60s like wow, we're on a roll. The one thing I am worried about is like for spring break related is that were driving to Chicago and I really don't want to but I'm gonna you know try to convince myself. There's so many people our age that are from Chicago or like that drive to Chicago just because like money they like a weekend away, but I hate driving it and really busy places guys. And so that's why I'm not looking forward to it. And I just like I know that it's gonna be me driving there. I just feel it so you keep saying that so I'm just kind of like, okay. I also just like would rather like Anyway in a way I'm kind of like I do like even if I'm scared I still trust myself to drive not saying I don't trust you or Maggie, but like I trust myself obviously because I myself and so I'm like it wouldn't be horrible for me to like drive because I know I'm in charge of the car and you want to go for it. I'll drive on my back. How about that? You drive there? I don't fight it was Meg. Absolutely dying to Maggie's not gonna drive because she's driving up to Iowa City and she'll be like, I just grabbed her Jerry might be driving her. We'll see I just feel like it's gonna be wonderful. If you guys live in Chicago and are so used to the traffic there. You're probably like whatever I got any other big city. Like we live in Iowa City in Des Moines, which is nothing compared to do pretty much any other City. Here's why I hate like everyone's like it's slow. So it's like not scary. I hate bumper to bumper traffic because whenever have to switch lanes like no one lets you in and then I'm like, I'm not an aggressive driver. I know you have to be in those scenarios, but I'm like, I don't like to do that Masters like we I mean, we've never driven in Chicago and like I've only been to Chicago like a select few times especially like driven like driving there ribbon there once and so yeah twice and so it's like I don't even know where I'm going. I have to like I was looking up a couple weeks ago, like literally how you would get there on Google Maps so I could get an idea of like are there any like weird left lane exits obvious to be aware of are they? All right lanes or Towards the airport. It's like you have to like get off on the right, but then like you loop around have to like and it's not complicated. But like I'm just trying to figure out this stuff before hands. I don't we just figure out where to park our car at the airport all that stuff. And then also when we land like when you come back we land in Chicago at like 6:00 a.m. So we need to figure out if we are like driving back right away when we have like no sleep. Like we probably will because I don't know maybe we'd have like some sleep and I don't know. What else would be doing and might as well like kind of if we got there early enough we could like get out before morning traffic. Yeah, I'm just thinking all this stuff out loud. I don't know the answer that but okay, let's start with so we've only honestly started going on spring break trips recently at least like 20 rather recently and since we've started like we've just been haven't stopped go go go so because there's some people words like their family takes spring break trips. You know every spring break like they're going to Florida something like that something really common for people in Iowa to do especially just because Florida is it's got beaches and that's all you need when he go on spring break. So yeah, but what grade are we in? It was hell. He's a senior spring break trip. That was our first like spring break trip. Yeah, at least like we want technically in like third grade ones like Colorado site. Other than that, I'm pretty sure every spring break since or from third grade to sophomore year of high school. It was like we were at home. And that was just Ever Knows What summer vacation we never really expected to go anywhere. I never even really thought about it either. Like I said, I think I'm going to be gone but whatever so for so senior spring break and like usually when you're a senior high school you go on spring break trips. And so we went to Marco Island, Florida, very nice. It's and we sit at the Marriott Resort and so like we had all inclusive stuff. Like I had pop just like so they're like the way it works. At least I thought I was or I think it's probably still like this. But you get like this Marco Island jug thing. I don't know if I buy it to describe it. But like it was like I think it's blue or red and you literally like just carry that around and you can get free refills anywhere you want. You guys know how much means Cyril of Coca-Cola but that like merits always have Pepsi and our mom's a Pepsi drinker. So that's probably why she picks the Mario I have to admit I ra special place in my heart for Pepsi that week also like Megan. I don't hate Pepsi like some people have that misconception where because me and Cyril of Tok so much that we hate Pepsi. No, that's false. I like Pepsi. I do like it. I don't think it's gross but I like Coke more and that's why I'm a Coke fanatic and I just like their brand more like the Coca-Cola polar bear the Santa Claus like the brand Pepsi doesn't have that for me and either way if I'm at a Pepsi place or Coke place. I want my Cola so I will order whatever so I think that was a 10 day. It was a long time. I want to be Eli's I realized that I shouldn't go on 10-day trips personally at least like f it was a resort that was like we're in one place like 10 days whereas we just went on a 10-day trip to Europe and even then like we said, it could probably be shorter. But Lisa with that we were going to like through always has. Yeah, and this was ten days at one of these or one hotel one beach. There's only so much you can do it was still fun. I will say means to your learned the importance of sunscreen on that show. Yeah, you know what that Prime like it has been like the Florida sun or something because Like we got burnt whatever a my entire life and like we go to our lake house all the time. So I swear the sun just must be different that her son hits different down in Florida. You can we've logged this trip do not need to for a while under estimate the importance of putting sunscreen at by your hairline. That's what I learned. Mhm, and I actually like literally to this day still like want to Pizza Hut right right there like on my hair. Yeah my hair but you know, I actually prefer just like lotion sunscreen for my face because same likes Ray I just I get nervous it's not going to cover everywhere on my face. Like I can use spray sunscreen for my body. I don't really care but for my face actually there's this one thing our monocoque thing I loved about it was like not it was I guess kind of oily but it wasn't like white stick sunscreen. It's like wet. Yeah, it was all I'm trying to do, you know how to describe it. It was like if you push down on like this cloth tip of it. It was like the sense kind of like came out from that and I was like clear maybe you understand I'm saying it was really good for Iran. Medina wine really liked that and I think that we need to get more of those. We also still means here. I've had sunscreen sitting in our car leaves and summer in our front passenger seat. Sometimes I'll like it hit it hit it like one of those like sons are going to hear like there's a noise because obviously like you're spraying the sunscreen on my back. What's that? And it's only because over the summer when we were like in Des Moines, we had a gym membership to a place. I had a pool and we're out of Dad's house and he had sunscreen that we like brought with us and it's just better not car ever since I don't know why. We've gone back home without his house. I could just take it and put it back in his house and I haven't we're going on this weekend. I'm going to do that. Okay, we'll report back next week. What else do we do? So we went to Naples. I know for like a quick. I don't know how far it is from Marco Island, but like that's why they're chopping like 45 minutes. I don't remember that much. I just remember like from afar like, yes, right. Yeah. Are you saying I'm lying like this blue and black crop top and like some black shorts and then like penny board. Ding or something in this weird little shop. Yeah. I kind of feel like I don't remember that much either because we're just on the grounds Harrison the way we run time on a dolphin tour and I was yeah, then we stopped at like we stopped at it was like a small island thing wear shoes. Yeah those I don't think we were shoes. I hardly remember. I just remember from what I've seen on my Instagram from five four years ago, whatever it was. Then so that was our sophomore year and then for our junior year we went to so like we since our parents are divorced. We like alternated spring breaks. So it's like that was we're with our mom that year and the next year with her. Dad and like our dad actually, okay, hold on me and see our were trying to convince him like four weeks beforehand pie like months beforehand kind of being like, hey, we should go to like Phoenix for spring break just because that was like a more like it out of all the spring height even go how we think Oh, okay. Yeah, cuz so may I have a scholarship to go to school? And so and then like from that like it's not a full scholarship. It's like pretty close to full and like so just the extra tuition Megan and I are going to like pay for college, you know, and so he pays for like part he really was and called. Yeah, she was in her freshman year at that point. So we were like, okay you're paying for Haley's college, so you're not going to have to pay for our college. So take like a great spring break and you know. No, that's like what sold him or you just like, you know, I'm gonna be a caishen but that's how Mega night were trying to convince out of all the places like that you can go to like, I feel like Phoenix has like a more affordable option and also like for some reason we just really wanted to go to Phoenix because it's warm there and we'd been there for like during layover so many times I feel like in your Fitness want like we have the itch to go and like actually stay there and go hiking because I knew that like Camelback Mountain was the thing. I was like, let's go to Arizona and like go hiking and stuff. So then we're sitting in his face. And I think in he was like guess what I fucked or whatever and he know we were in the kitchen. Oh, I think we're in the basement. Okay, I think we're in the kitchen and he was like, it was like seven weeks. I don't know why I remember that. It was like seven weeks before the trip, which isn't even like that short notice, but I thought it was like super short notice like for so wild finally decide to like show us that he booked the ticket and then he was like, yeah, like I booked the tickets like that and we're so excited also just like I mean, our dad is like divorced from our steps. Now but like I feel like this is like just like showing the interesting Dynamic that we had of those definitely because like you still married at that time, but like and it wasn't the whole family Yang on the trip. I think I don't know but they also like went on different trips by themselves to to be honest. I don't know like it was I can't honestly like exactly like, I almost like I can't imagine I know that they're not together anymore. Like we don't have like the whole giant family anymore, but it's like I can't imagine all of us going on like one vacation together. That would have been wow just a lot. And so I don't know if you're older. Maybe that's like more common or if you like younger kids are like that's when you kind of combine families. Maybe it makes more sense that you're like one family, but I don't know if they weren't even like we were in fifth grade when like they got married so we weren't like old old but we just always kind of had like separate things which I didn't mind I kind of liked. But anyway, so we were with our dad like it was our junior year and then Haley since she was in college that's kind of when it was like, all right. You can do it you off for spring break. And so Haley actually went back to Marco Island with our mom stepdad. She went with her boyfriend went and then our step brother and his girlfriend went to Marco Island. So when you come like retreat, yeah exactly. You can see we're not welcome. I'm kidding but like we don't have we have been third-wheeling everyone we would have been each other's date. Yeah. Um, I think that also just like they're all like beach people and I kind of I'm a beach person but I also like to go do other things and so yeah, it was a good fit. And so we showed up and we my God she couldn't check into our hotel. I just had flashbacks to the Kmart parking lot. Yeah, I'm gonna talk about so we got there pretty early in the morning. It was like 9 o'clock when we got there in our hotel check and wasn't until like three probably and we were only there because we weren't there for like a very long time because when I go on trips with our dad, I have like a meat that we had to come back for a gymnastics meet. I don't know I have like memory. I think we're only You're only there for four days. I remember that now and so the trips that we go on with our daughter like to are typically shorter just because he liked taking that much time off work. So that's what we have to do. And so I remember we're like, okay one day we were going to go hiking and that was the day we got there. So we were like we're going to go hiking we don't have time to go to our hotel after like 3 o'clock and then go hiking I guess just going to take too much time and then we would have been doing nothing from 9 in the morning until we could check into a hotel. So we're like, okay, we're not in appropriate. It is here. So we're like we need to change somewhere and we're like, well, we found like this it wasn't even abandoned Kmart because I know that we went in to get a car charger, which we'll get to that in a second, but we literally like took turns like changing in the car in the Kmart parking lot and that was interesting and then we went to get I said we want a portable charger cause you were like, oh like there's a cigarette lighter and our rental car and I think we got like two portable chargers just too. Is that the cigarette lighter actually just didn't work that car. What a waste. So we wasted money on charger and then we didn't stop anywhere to get water. It's hot in Arizona and we like went to go hiking at Camelback Mountain and we could have kept going but we were both we were all like or you don't have any water and having it in hiking that one girl like Twisted her ankle and make their guy. It was a guy that twisted his ankle like a literally people are trying to like help carry him down the mountain and I was like from that point on I was like Sure, you watch where you step you guys like? Yeah watch for like they nooks and crannies when you're done. I don't know how long that trail is and I feel like we did a good portion of it. But like I wish you would have done more but also we just like we don't have any here just like we didn't have a sign or something to it. Yeah, like we didn't have sunscreen didn't have water water is not didn't know how long it was going to be. I know I was like looking up and I was like my God, how far does this go? Really? Where are they all going? Yeah, so we end up turning around and then like leaving the hike because We're done and I was only take weird till I get there. Yeah, you're like walk up a street and then like you kind of walk up like not the mountain yet, but like a long road drive and then eventually just kind of like go onto the path that start walking up. I have a picture on my Instagram if Nancy in front of her rosewall and that was how they're like right before we started it or right after and I was like a cute it was so simple for me to get pictures like Yanks bring back in the day back in the day. It was just like oh snap this picture here and like that works for me and it was no issue. Shoo. So that's my goal for Hawaii 2020. You can occasionally in Hawaii. I know right annoying. I'll post every single day. I don't remember like the exact order like we might've gone to like the pool later that day. Our hotel did have a pool is pretty decent. I guess they'd a little outdoor bar kind of thing. So I remembered I like went and got us. What is like a strawberry drink or something. I swear I spilled mine. Oh, I kind of I'm like having flashbacks to what you're talking about. I don't fully remember. I just feel like I did. Do we go to the Grand Canyon the next day? That's what I was thinking either way. We went to the Grand Canyon. My thought process was I'm in Arizona. I have to go see the Grand Canyon. I didn't really realize it was a four-hour drive until I was like she knew this is four hours away. And also I didn't like a lot of research because there's like the south rim and then the north rim, obviously, we're only going to go to the south rim because it would have been way too long of a drive to get to in the north rim, but I also think like the South one is like the more Popular Rim because like the North and has like that glass thing but then it's kind of like that's it. Yeah, at least as far as I could tell but everyone I was like first like very first looking like the Grand Canyon stuff and I saw stuff about like Havasu Falls, I was like, oh my gosh, like we're totally yeah this because now every time I see anything that goes up Havasu Falls all the time and I'm like I should and the tricky part is is that you have to be willing to hike 17 miles down and back and like Camp down there to do that or you have to take Copter thing which one is expensive into you're not even guaranteed a spot because they primarily like reserve those seats for indigenous people that live down there. And so that quickly became like okay, we're not but I would have loved to have done that because it's a pretty place. I just saw my Minecraft cracked couldn't have hiked that far. So we end up getting there. I think that none of us expected how cold it was there because you have to go up in altitude. That's like how it's a canyon because you elevate and then the canyon Is like steel or something? But like all I have is a sweatshirt and I was like, I'm a little cold. All I had was literally like a thin black Lululemon jacket and that was it and then I mean there was I swear like snow on the ground on some in some place. Yeah, there was and I remember like going up to like since its National Park gift like going did you pay to get in? I think you do. I don't know. I was like, oh my god really going to Grand Canyon National Park and then I remember like Because you can't really see like if like Park and then like walk there's like this. Yeah areas like where is it? Where's the Grand Canyon? Where is oh my God, and then like all of a sudden you're like, I think I see a ledge and then you like run over you like. Oh, there it is. And I have to say like, it's so weird because it's like so vast and granted like pictures truly do not do justice. But it also like looks kind of fake like when you're just like it's so far that I could get some kind of real at looking you don't I mean, yeah, it's really pretty and I remember like before we go in there like our docket I'm like guys like make sure to be like be careful. Don't go don't go too close to the edge bah blah. It's like yes, that's good advice, but honestly, you can probably get closer to the I'm like, I don't want to be like, I don't wanna say to you guys and be like, I'll get super close to the edge but like you can kind of like like there's like a lot pretty good spots like walk around where you like get a good view and like you can get good pictures or a lot of times like there's not just like a straight drop off and it's like yeah, maybe like 10 feet down or something obviously like that wouldn't be fun to fall time. So I'm just kind of like but Bonnie I was there I was kind of like, oh like I can actually get kind of like more clothes now, we're done dad you're being so annoying somewhere. There was like people I'm trying to Envision a exact you remember someone's reading like I'm down. Yes, I really got there. They were down like 10 feet at least probably from like the main lens - was standing on it was like a small ledge that they were on and they're just chilling reading a book and like that after their thing like that was a drop-off. So I was like, that's a little concerning. Like you love their dogs and I was like, I could not bring my dog to the Grand Canyon. I wouldn't trust them. No, but I remember like being like Dad like let's go and take a picture of it here and he'll be like I just did you can stop that stop you're being annoying. And then after we did that because like they got like multiple different Lookouts and everything. I mean not do that much research. Remember that like was lying on your feet. So there's a bus that took us to like a slightly different section that just had different Lookouts again, and that part was like way less Red and the view is like probably not as good but it's just like a different look out. So we went there and because to be honest, we probably only at the Grand Canyon for like an hour and a half two hours. Yeah. It's kind of like I don't regret going at all because I get truly is so beautiful one of the things that you like want to experience. You can't do explain unless you're there but it's also like once you do get there you go to a couple different Lookouts. I mean, it feels nice out. I think you should make it trip where you go like hiking at least a little bit like finding And a short hike if you don't want to do a long hike make it like an actual experience, but we were there it was pretty cold and we did not come prepared. Apparently, we just did not go prepared. Yeah, Arizona higher trip. And so it was kind of like we're there we looked around at the viewpoints and then it was like, well, I guess we're just going to keep looking at a candy and unless you want to head out and so you kind of just like I got to be a point where it's like, okay, let's let's head out of here drive four hours back to Phoenix next big thing. I feel like that kind of was like The highlight of the trip was we went to the ostrich Festival that was in cutoff is it called? It was like it start with the G Gilbert. No, it was not Gilbert. I don't know. It was somewhere close to Phoenix but like not it wasn't in Phoenix. I don't remember the name, but I think that we are just like Googling stuff to do nearby again. We were not prepared during the weekend and it was like ostrich Festival in we're like, that sounds pretty interesting. So it's kind of like a state fair county fair kind of vibe if you've ever been to one. They had ostrich races. Hence the name Oscar Jezebel races, which I'm pretty partial to pigs. I really really like them. I think they're adorable hit some rides and then just like some entertainment stuff and it was a good time. I think that was like honestly we spent way more time there than we thought we would because I think we had two things planned we work to do. I remember why because then we are going to go paddleboarding after that. I totally forgot about that need to until right now. We spent way more time at the Oscars Festival than we thought we were going to I thought we're gonna go check it out in the morning. And then we're gonna spend the afternoon paddleboarding paddleboarding was like put on the back of like a half hour. And then honestly, that was one of the things I was looking most forward to during our trip. So I was kind of upset the also like not the like now, I feel like I totally forgot until right now that we did that. Yeah, so we went to legally present. Okay, you remember? Yeah, actually it might not if it wasn't like Pleasant then it was like something I think it was like wasn't so we got there like literally I swear half hour before they like we're the last ones there and he's kind of like I guess you can go paddleboarding if you want. Yeah, and like our dad didn't do anything like and then it's not about setting because and I was like paddleboarding backwards for I was here was feel so annoying so annoyed because I was like not moving anywhere in the movies like you're going fucking backwards. I was like, I'm sorry and then we like literally we're so no. Okay, you're forgetting because again, this place was going to close. So we paddled out you seem to do fine when you did that. We paddled out kind of forests like away from where the Of workplaces leaders were like hanging out there for a while. I dropped the GoPro because it didn't have a floaty thing on it. That was my bad my mistake. I understand I had it don't remember. I tried to let you scrambling for it. I'd like to see if I could get it. It wasn't like I mean like see I just thought I'd stop the GoPro and I was like Megan, here's a thing. I saw it was attached to like a long stick thing. And I thought that I had it like decently in my life jacket like I couldn't hold it like I would have rather like Not have held it while trying to paddle back. You know, I'm saying I was trying to put it away and yeah it yeah, I hit it with my arm not Ergo pronouns like floaty thing. Yes. We bought a new handle when we got a new GoPro so that it floats now and that's just not end because it was trying to be like time was running out and like the place was going to be closing soon. So we had to like try and get back to paddle workplace. So I was like zoom in again away from Sierra and steer just kidding Megan like Can't I got going and moving and then I don't know if I told you you're going backwards or if you just realized you're going backwards and then we got back here. Like I was holding my paddle backwards. That's why I wasn't holding. My paddle wasn't backwards. I think later my board was backwards. Sorry, so I don't know but then they have like this really cute like on the Water restaurant. I friggin love those types of restaurants. There's one in Saylorville, Iowa that like, I don't go to that often but like it's like nice when you're there but some say that that's what it's called. Yeah. But I just love it and like the food was actually really good. I think I have a picture of my visco of it. I picture my Instagram the back seat was so easy to take pictures. I don't even try. Oh and like I remember when we left I took a picture like a selfie of you me and Dad. I'm like my ostrich Festival shirt. Yeah. So yeah, and then I think that's like the trip. Well, then we just went to Downtown Phoenix the following day just to do that. I remember doing my pizza. I had a big slice of pizza and that was our trip. So then We're going to our senior year of high school now. And so this was like kind of our bigger trip because we were seniors now and we decided to go to the Bahamas and we stay at Atlantis, which is also I had no idea because like let me preface this by saying our dad has gone to the Bahamas before for a work trip. It was like one of his favorite trips ever and so I'm like, I want to go to the Bahamas. I like do all that stuff. And so we brought it up to our moms like one of the places we want to go want to go to and our mom has like Marriott. Reward stuffs like she's a part of like their program. And so I was like kind of not sure if you're going to do that because I was like, we probably have to stay like a Marriot little did I know that the Atlantis is associated with the Marriott. And so that kind of helped a little bit. Obviously it was still an expensive trip, but it was I'm trying to think of like, I probably build a remember like a breakdown of what we did because again, it was like one of those other Resort situations like Marco Island where we just went there was an uneasy walking even just like on the resort to get from your room all the way down to like the pool. Or the beach I was like my God, it's a big place like I'm walking a mile or also you kind of don't realize this. I mean, I was expecting the drive from the airport to get to the Atlantis Resort has to be that long but it was like half hour 45 minutes. It seemed like it took forever and I was like, I'm ready to get to the Eli tells bridge that was like a freaking huge like steep bridge to get to the resort section and then there's just like there's always so huge. There's so much walking. Yeah, but it's a negative kind of besides the point. Aunt I love that they had a ton of don't like restaurants in the area there's this pizza place that we would go to all the time. I forgot that I like and kind of like it was nice that every day we would like finish up at the beach and then we'd go home not home to our hotel and were like get ready for whatever we were doing for that for dinner that night and I was like you once you got the lobby you could walk through the casino and you kind of like have entered this like Mall portion of the hotel and then you can like walk through that until you get to like outside and I have just like, you know, you can look at the Yachts that all the rich people have and like they've got some different food. Places, there's actually a really good pizza place like Syria saying that was I mean, that was our favorite. Yeah, please I know you don't some of them on the Sharkey's or whatever like place it was that was like by the glow I love that. Yeah, it just like a picture of you eating there. Yeah, I do. Um, I one point it got some like nuggets or something. It's like on the kids menu, but I mean all the food was really good. So they had like this pool. There's I like that kind of theirs or that we didn't even go to. Yeah, like we stayed like in like the the main like to Tower Hotel Towers. Yeah, and then we were mostly by like this. I don't know like what the polar called like it was like the sun has son as like the bottom of the car. Will I marry pool that pool is freezing them. Yeah, and then I'm off the beach. Yeah, we almost at the beach and the water was amazing like once you got past like the initial cold. It was like such nice ocean water. You know what I mean? Mmm is a good solid like you actually like warm and I will say it was like Wendy and like somewhat cold in here. They're like not freezing. But like I legitimately had to like put my towel on over me some of the time because I was just like cold and I was like hmm like that people that like live there like the Bohemians that were the like lifeguards and stuff like they're wearing jackets because it gets cold out. Yeah. So like all these people are crazy. What do they kind of like a funny cultural difference? I do think there was like one day that we tried to like walk around to the other sections of the resort. So we went down like the famous Atlantis slide or whatever. That's like the street down really short tunnel. I only did that once because I just wanted to say I did it and I didn't really like care for it. I was just like ah back to do it but like passed on that there's one side. I swear I was gonna die on. Oh my God, we went on that side. Like I know what you're talking about, but there was another side that we went on. I was like a tube slide and I think that one was our favorite. Yeah, and I'm like Haley was complain because we're told got caught in the net or something. She talked about it for like I swear week Street. Okay, so I don't know the names of the other size, but there's one words like a two-person tube situation. There's probably like a one-person Option 2 but like you go down on that and that's fun. There's like part of it where you're like going up conveyor belt to get lifted up to the top and then you like start going down again, but then there's one where it's just like you go down the slide. It's like dark pretty much the whole time and like that part's fun. But then the end it like you like drown you literally it goes flat and like the waters like kind of high up. So you literally like to start drowning and then like I like water in my eyes, so I like once you like finally get out of the tube and I like in like the pool now your home just like drowning. And like you can't kind of like see where you even at yet because you're either filled with water and that was my experience with him. And I was like, I don't like that at all. Um, there's also like this it's not like a lake but like there's a second like separate body of water that like you so like there's a pool area and then you cross a bridge to get to the beach and like the bridge like the version goes into that. So yeah, I don't know a lagoon or something and that's what they do like a lot of their rental so you can get like a canoe paddle say other stuff. If we should have done that because it wasn't really worth. No. Do you know how I was feeling? You remember that? Yeah, so obviously I like Smite you guys probably already know this if you've like been painted basically eczema flares up when you're at the beach at least in my experience. It does it gets on hand like this seats. I don't know what was on these seats like I don't play tricks on these seats, but like Haley and I with just me and Haley those in the canoe or whatever in I am remember Charlie was like I wanted to cry I was like Haley like I don't want to do this anymore on be done. On like my skin hurts so badly. I don't like trying to like not sit. No, I know that's why I'm like laughing at because I remember steer like literally holding her hands on the side of the canoe it feet on the side of the canoe and just like butt up off of the kidney. Like that's what he's trying to do. And I also think like Haley posted a picture of you and her dang it. I'm coming Instagram I granted on I was like this picture does not bode well with how I was actually feeling as just like any time you see a picture of anyone doing anything. It's just like you have no idea like I really did not like that. And like we paid for it so I couldn't like justify like take me off like, you know, yeah, let me leave and also so we paid for like and I couldn't stand either there's different things you could rent out and like you can either do like a normal canoe or like there's like a glass-bottom camp not worth it and we were like, let's do the glass bottom. Can you like that'll be cool. It was plastic and it was so dirty that you can't even see through it and we paid extra for that. Just don't do that also, like why do we care that much exactly? Yeah, exactly. So don't do that. At other ways and I also went on an Excursion. There was no claim. That was our first time snorkeling like me and see I was a little bit scared honestly to start the water was like a little colder. Like I didn't get used to the water like I did when I was like swimming on the beaches, but it's like pretty nice. I kept forgetting to like keep my feet on you know, that was really hard for me. I just had never struggled before but it was really cool and nice and I got some cool GoPro stuff. Go check out my Atlantis travel diary Vlog on Megan at this year. Yeah. I'm pretty proud of it. Um, yeah. We're not drawn to Hawaii. Yeah, you could be so kind of pick it up. You got two more things to talk about. Okay. So sophomore year freshman year of college mitotic a freshman year of college. We were like we are not going any first ring break. I even set up job shadowing experience for like the entire like week of spring breaks like Monday to Friday like when I was going to show the shoutout and so I was like, well, I'm busy spring break who even convinced us to do. This was his idea. I think it was so way too close to Spring Break. Take do not do this. We are the ones that bought Evans tickets, right? We bought mom's. I don't know what you mean. I'm like, I thought we paid for like I don't I don't know. I just like I thought we just decided like take one for the team and be like let's do it. Anyway, we went to San Francisco for literally a weekend just because we're like, let's do something and we just find it because we were like, it's our mom's 50th birthday. You only turn 50 ones. Yeah, I will say I don't regret doing stuff like this. I think it was like a fun experience, but the same time like I wish I liked. I don't think I got like a good experience of San Francisco for like compared to like what I could have like the weather wasn't as nice like just happened to not be as nice but you can't necessarily control but it was so foggy and it's like time you're there I literally felt like I did not get sleep sleep until like the weekend after spring break because we left Friday morning. Like we skipped our classes Friday till I get to the airport. So we drove from Iowa City to Des Moines and then from Des Moines Omaha cats were a fly. Left out of and I flew to San Francisco got there like Friday at like it was like Saturday midnight, whatever you want to say like between Friday and Saturday then went to bed got up at like 6:00 or 7:00 a.m. To get ready because we only had to freaking days here like one and a half days. I think the first thing I did was going like a trail car which was fun. It was a good solid start. It wasn't too rushed or anything. And then after that we have like an early like 10 or 11 o'clock. We're going to Alcatraz, which was like the main thing that we like knew. We were given our mom like that's kind of weird. Let's go to San Francisco because she's always thought the Alcatraz really cool and she like always wanted to go there and I will say like that was probably like the Highlight that like that day. Like that was a good day good highlight of the trip because like those went well, the weather didn't really interfere with that stuff. The right over Target Rouse was really cool. Alcatraz is inside. So the weather doesn't matter and like you're the tour was interesting and stuff. I'm trying to think we ate like at Hard Rock Cafe, which got to go to Pier 39 really like that Pier 39 like the only thing It was just kind of cold in like yeah, but I suppose that like San Francisco kind of just like stays the same temperature. So I've ever gets like that warm. I know but it was like foggy and I'm just kind of like all I have like a leather jacket. I don't even remember what I was saying was like I was trying to be like I want to be dressed cute but I didn't have like a good jacket. So I was just like I'm colder than I should be and I should have brought like an actual jacket and I didn't that was my fault. So the next day was like we could see the Golden Gate Bridge from Alcatraz, but we were like this one like a Golden Gate Bridge. Day, whatever that meant. I wanted to Golden Gate Bridge picture. That's what I want. Yeah, so then the next day literally I swear the foggiest San Francisco's ever been because you literally could not see the bridge. If you go to our Instagrams and find the pictures that we posted on the bridge like you cannot see it. That's why I like in our caption. I was like a la like have you seen the Golden Gate Bridge because neither by honestly like you kind of like we got decent pictures and it was like had to make light of the situation but like I was upset Set that I didn't get to like see the Golden Gate Bridge like we oughtn't we wanted to go to like a lookout just like you could see Golden Gate Bridge, but it's like that wasn't going to work out. So then we decided to go on to Golden Gate Bridge so that we could like maybe get any sort of like like you can just like the cable you can even like you couldn't look down to even like see where the water was. Like, that's how foggy it was. You can't see anything and if you like again, we've logged this and so I think we've logged all these trips. So I just like yours and was a travel diary, but it's just one of those things where you kind of like shoot you're bummed that I happen to like you wish your like would have gone better, but you can't really do anything to fix it. The only other thing that we did was we went to Sausalito. I mean like we walked around Chinatown, I think a little bit the day before and like we read the thing that still kind of like was a bummer was like we got up early to do that stuff because obviously for like the lookout it doesn't matter if the Lookouts not closed so we got up early to do it before our flight which was a like one, so it wasn't like we had a lot of time. And when our super driver convinced us that that was not a good idea because we were not going to see the bridge. He suggested we go to Sausalito which is like was fine, but it was so early that nothing was open or like Starbucks was one of the only places open. So just kind of like weird we couldn't do much it wasn't until I'm going to were so tired Ops just like went down the streets to see what was open. We got some souvenirs I guess. So, yeah. That was what we got out of it. Um, and then we came back and I reported bright and early for Like we got back home. I swear like between Sunday and Monday like around midnight and I was like I have to drop shadow in the morning. And yeah, so I because I think I remember when I was Job shot at me when I'm like the patient's mentioned something about a San Francisco and I was like, I was just thinking I forgot like there's one time to this was Saturday. We're actually got nice in the evening and we're sitting on a bench after like eating at a restaurant. I remember in like we were like at a park. Hmm. That was nice. Yeah. So as a really short quick trip, I did not think I was going to be going to Go on a spring break trip, but you know, we always make it work and then here last year trip was kind of it was a mix of like what we're doing this year and last year. I feel like I mean freshman year freshman year. Yeah. So this was also definitely more last minute, and we weren't going into the year and then forget Saint Francis. I know though. I'm just saying that like we weren't really looking to go somewhere or go anywhere specific and I just happened to find good flight tickets because I post I just honestly typing in Spring. Break dates with places that would be like okay to go and Palm Springs Well, we'd been there before for clamor con clamor con, which we didn't even end up in the same part of Palm Springs, but whatever but we're just like it's nice. It's warm Kyle same thing is Phoenix where like I'm down to go if I can go somewhere nice and warm and so we found flights literally only $96 like insane and so we were like, all right, you've got to do it and it's out of Chicago. So that's like that's what sucks is that you have to flash Chicago to get all these good deals. And so we told her mom that and then she was intrigued so she was like, can I come? Well at first we were like ask my dad because I think we're like, oh we like monitor with Mom last year. Let's see if Dad wants to go and that is that one is like next tough had started or was that just like a different reason? They couldn't come I don't think his neck stuff started yet. I don't know why I didn't come but I don't know. I swear there was a reason though because he was like, I'm pretty sure he was like gonna come and he's like, no I can't and then were like, oh we should tell Mom like that's not coming. Oh, that's Universal. I swear maybe I don't know. Anyway, my mom ended up coming on our Palm Springs trip. And I mean we got like where we stay. It was a Marriott or something. Yeah, and I pool. I really just like wanting like to be in a warm place kind of like with a body of water like for San Francisco for San Francisco. We didn't get that experience. It was like kind of cold and I was like, we want to go somewhere. Where are we going for Spring Break? Um, so that's where I discovered my love of podcast like there's literally no better feeling than just like relaxing by the pool or the ocean or lake or like a body of water and then just like feeling nice and warm and like putting like your headphones in and just like totally zoning out and like falling asleep listening to my favorite Murder by the pool it's different it really does specially when you're basking in the sun yeah you've never done hi next time next time you're lying by the pool or a body of water and the sun's basking down on you download an episode of my favorite murder there's like we would always like stop at the what's up the thing by the front desk where there's like the snacks and stuff Any situation I probably would infer that we would like stop there in the morning or like before we go to the pool and you get like a Pepsi or something take it out to the pool. And then we also talked around like that whole time. Yeah, we stayed it was annoying because we were like only a mile from downtown. So it's like a miles kind of like a long walk but it's like not you can't like justify an Uber. Mhm, but it was like we'd be walking for 20 minutes till we got where we were heading like heading to but we ate like a ton of good food it a ton of good food there. And Palm Springs like so far so nice. So many different shops. We looked at like we want to swim suit shop once just for fun. It has like expensive swimsuits because it was just kind of one of those shops. But like they don't have l space for sale like anywhere and I would probably at all and I kind of like some of their swimsuits they don't have like ones that I preferred like actually in stock there, but I was trying on a couple different ones. I was like, this is fun because I never get to try on these kinds of swimsuits and then I would just look up places that we want to want to like go eat and then we walk there. I think my favorite place to eat at was with like Americana or something. It was some sort of like number the name, but maybe I can the second kind of or thing. I like you really could if you wanted to just like walk downtown. So you place the oh Nina and La it was getting live and like there's so many people just like walking around having a good time. Like it's like a lively place. It was so fun. And remember that one place that we ate at that was like the place that Mom said, they used to have a ton of and no one was there. It was like they had the weird food like in the Vlog. I was like, I'm surprised you're not a scene. I don't know that any of it panned around and knows their that place. I would not recognize my good it was not that good. I also forgot we went hiking. How did I forget that? That was like the second day. We were there we went hiking I don't remember the trillion, but I'm sure if you watch her Vlogs I said where was you know exactly where to go, but I was super goes and race Canyon. Yeah, that was super nice. I just really am like I like nice short quick hikes on vacations because I just think I know a nice way to like get out and do something in the morning before you like Lounge all day. And yeah, I'm just a sucker for highs. Hmm. Other than that like it was just like a kind of a pool trip. We briefly considered going on and what I think but there's only one day that like kind of had not as great weather and that was like the day before we were leaving. I was just like I think we still mad actually when the hot tub good. The hot tub and like enjoy that for a little bit we got pretty lucky the weather was nice overall and that concludes all of our spring break experience is until you guys know we're going to do a recap of Hawaii and a couple weeks where we or maybe we'll like ooh, what if we like I don't know if going to bring a microphone and stuff, but I might be so fun to like catch the last day of the trip or something like with Maggie like talk through it all let me find that and no problem has recorded. Okay, they will do Ooh that no promises, but maybe if you guys like this make sure you rate our podcast on iTunes or wherever that is a podcast. I'm not quite sure where it is anymore subscribe to according to so you always know Nia releasing episodes. You release them every Thursday morning and I'm pretty much every using podcasts. So if you're listening, I'm sure you know that because you're listening right now. Make sure you follow us on Instagram. We are probably going to post an Instagram post regarding this episode. So you have if you have any comments or your own spring break, you know something Want to share let us know and I think that's going to do it for this episode. We will speak to you guys next Thursday. Bye.