You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back which Would be pretty cool to be awesome. That would be neat. You know, I hate him because of the bat flip in 2012. I'll get over it. Hey that was unnecessary of him. Now. It was cool. It was pretty cool. If it was not against my team it would have been great. Right if Elvis Andrus wouldn't have made three errors private prior to that. Yeah, it would have been fine. But an odor like reset his jaw the next year. So that's true did for it. We did get one of the most epic punches and Major League Baseball out of that so you don't see a lot of landed punches. And baseball sure it's a lot of it's a lot of shuffling around and just holding each other back like, you know, when you do hit them to it, like skips off of them or whatever right? I was a solid blow you wrecked him, but he's trying to come back as a two-way player. So he wants to play first base and he wants to pitch and apparently he's topping out at like 94 was do your thing? Yeah. I mean if he can, you know come in do you like an inning of relief or something? Sure also come off the bench and hit a Dinger to that. Pretty freaking cool man. It seems to be with like a tiny coming up there trying to go for a lot of two-way players. Now, there's like the Brendan McKay guy the Reds player Oh Lorenzen. Yeah. Yes, Michael Lorenzen. There's another one Anthony Gose actually just pitch today you remember that name? I do. Yeah, so he Indians. Yeah, he's on the Indians now. He did a lot of tigers things back in the day and he was a he was an outfielder and he just He had like a scoreless inning of relief today for the Indians. It's pretty cool. I like seeing that variety of things and they're trying to mix it up a whole lot. You got to think that some of these guys have that capability. You know what I mean? We all pitch throwing up, right, you know, so I mean if you played you pitched at some point, you know, when you have some kind of feel for it sure I think the full-time starter and full-time batter. My beer are right, but like you said, I can't Jose Bautista come in and third inning in relief now and then right he's 39 but I need is overthrown 94 though, but he also hasn't had entire career throwing 94 right right, fresh arm. Yeah. I mean that would be cool though because like you just said, you know if he came in for like the seventh inning or something then you can just play the eighth and the ninth at first base after he gets done pitching, you know be cool. That would be cool I back it. We just want to hop into the ol AL East. Yeah, let's get it going baby. The ALU Jump Right In huh? Yeah. So do you do your records this time Ty did my records. Yeah actually even went back and did my I'm not going to share them because no one cares at this point that I went back and did my Central Records. Yeah, just so I can look back at the end of the season. Sure Percy or Oliver. Probably it will be fun at the end of the year to see how I know. Yeah, I'm excited for or how right we were I'm excited. Yeah, so Brett, I guess we'll start off with you. We'll just do Stu. Your standings will do a fifth place the first place sure. Okay. I guess we'll go over the records in the pre or the reviews after sure it's okay. So it sounds like them off. Well number 5, I have the Baltimore Orioles. I was like, I know right no surprise there. Then it on number four have the Toronto Blue Jays. Number three, I got the old Boston Red Sox number to Tampa Bay Rays and number one in the evil empire the New York Yankees. I got two different than you interesting. Okay, so I've got the Orioles coming in at the bottom got the Red Sox in fourth place. Okay, they lost a lot Blue Jays didn't add a lot but they added enough to potentially pull into that third spot. Sure second place. I have the New York Yankees. Whoa, they just lost so many, you know, I mean everybody's hurt, you know, they lost seven Reno. I mean I was looking True. I wish I would have had it but I was looking through their rotation earlier today and there's nobody really other than Gerrit Cole now and I do agree. The rotation is is the weakest part of their team. I mean, I know that they can hit and they'll always hit and whatever but Tampa's a solid team and I've got Tampa I've got Tampa taken it. That's let's hang on that one buddy. Yeah. I mean, I'm cool with that. I like Tampa. I'm cool with it. I had the exact same as mr. Radik e Orioles Blue Jays Red Sox raise and then the Yankees taking the division. I did like your your your you bumping the Blue Jays above the Red Sox. Yeah. I'm a I'm a big blue jays fan this year. I really like what they're doing. Absolutely. I mean, they're they're they're third baseman's Ladd jr. Shortstops Boba shed and second basis Kevin Biggio. Anybody whose name rhymes with Boba Fett? He's a good man. You gotta go. Is there a nickname for those three factors and a half the they're gonna have to get something good? Yeah and Travis Shaw at first base. That's how I mean absolutely the great year. I think two years ago. I don't know what he did last year, but their pitching is also pretty weird for me though, because I mean they have high engine Ryu who you know LED lending in the area, right or second now. Yeah, he I think he led me. All right. Yeah to he led the NL he was sick. And so young voting to I believe behind a to Graham. Yeah. He had a good season a great season. Yeah, he had a it was a two three two era, which is pretty impressive. But other than that, I mean, I think they've got like Matt Schumacher again, and they did an array Lark. Yeah those I'm okay with that sighs. I think I think he's a good picture. They also signed Chase Anderson actually to be honest. I think they're their starting rotation is almost completely new this year really almost completely. They traded for traded furry or signed re they signed reason for it. They signed row Ark they traded for Chase Anderson from Milwaukee Shoemaker is still there, but he only made five starts last year. So that's fairly fresh and then they got a couple guys going for the fifth spot Yamaguchi was an international free agent signings, right? Yeah. We don't know where he's gonna be at. He could I think He's a similar to what we're talking about KK from the Cardinals whether he could plug in as a starter reliever sure and then Trent Trent Thornton was a rookie last year, but it I mean, yeah, you don't know what you're gonna get with this Russian, right? But your team on the rise for sure. There's some exciting stuff going on. So I mean the Red Sox did take a big step back with David Price and mookie gone. And you know, I think that they're going to follow that for spot. Yeah, it's not it's not by far its it'll be a couple Names, but yes, they're still good. Yeah, I mean absolutely got rough field Devers Jaime Martinez Hill Mash like always Bogaerts been attendee looking to have a bounce-back gear Chris Sale. I'm looking for him to be way better this year. That's gonna be interesting with sale. He sails injured right now, right? Well, did you hear what happened with him don't think so. He saw this kind of brings up a topic that I want to talk about. I specifically wanted to ask you who has played baseball, but he had pneumonia back in January. Not now back in January and he's going to miss the start of the season because it pushed all of his. Yeah. Sorry, dude. I'm sure I guess that makes sense. I don't I mean I'm not saying it doesn't I'm genuinely asking I was reading the piece on the athletic wear the writer for the Red Sox was taking questions from readers and one person wrote in and they said I'm wondering if something needs to be changed with how players prepare for the start of the Season, you know only in baseball can someone have the Of seven weeks prior to the season and Miss opening down. I mean he doesn't he can't do any was conditioning right can't get any of his work in him and makes sense. I mean you could prepare for a lot but you can't prepare for an ammonia or the coronavirus whatever, you know, I mean, that's if he was to get mono and his spleen was about to explode they'd be like, oh, yeah, it's cool. I mean take your time come back, right? I mean pneumonia, it's not a joke. You could still die from that sure so you don't want to be out there exerting yourself. And yeah, if you see a skinny is to very skinny very carefully. In there, I mean a strong gust he might go flying off. Good string B string beans psychopath. Do you also hear the Red Sox might use the opener this year? I did not there. I don't know what a style of CEO or president came over from Tampa. And that's one of the concepts that he wants to potentially Implement. I mean, it seems to work. Yeah works for Tampa. Yeah throw the first couple of hitters off through that rotation and then come in with some sturdy do to just finish it out. I mean make sense it gives you a jump. Kind of gives you a jump because if you come out swinging against the guy that you've got a lot of scouting report on you know, what he does, you know, he likes to throw the first two three Innings. You've got a better repertoire against this guy then you know Sergio Romo were to come in and start a game for two innings and then hand it over to somebody else after that, you know, and then yeah, then you don't really have to worry too much about your back-end either because you've got a guy who's used to going six seven Innings. Yeah and can just do that until the game is over. I love the opener and I did too. - down there in Tampa hats off to you sir. Yes. Yes might help more with that three better minimum as well. Because if you have an opener, I think you're planning on them pitching three batters, right and then the quote unquote starter the long reliever, whatever you want to call them and comes in after or they're definitely pitching those three batters. Sure. I don't know. It's just one last decision that they have to make sure later in the game. Well under thing with Boston, the investigation is still going on with the science team true. So something's going to happen soon automatic before the season starts. I'm Guys, it's taking this long. Yeah, but I don't know we're going to lose some draft picks and all that like Houston. Mmm and verdugo's hurt to it. Knee. Yeah. They said he might get might miss a week or two of the beginning of the season. But how pissed are you if your Red Sox fan? Yeah. I mean you did your physicals. You knew what you were getting. So if he was hurt and he was hurt you still going for the trade. I don't know it is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they deserve it. Anyway, fuck the Red Sox. I've also got jbj. You can do that full time center field now move he's gone. And I love me some jbj though idea to have any Keys his glove though. He can't hit but yeah, he's glove. Yeah agreed anything else on Boston or you got you want to move on? Well, so are we you want to talk about what records we had for each time. Yeah. It's a while. We're on Boston Brent. What record did you ever for Boston Red Sox? I have 82 and 83 I have 80 and 82. I had 84 and 78. So so we're closer than what for ones. Yeah, and that the Orioles what's the record? This will be fun who's going first? Maybe I'll go first 59 wins hundred three losses. And I think I was being generous. Yeah, I went 55 and one of the seven however 56 and 106. Yeah. I was trying to do a preview of them and I basically just drew a picture of a dog poop and because it's there's really nothing to talk about you have trade. Zini, maybe had 40 bombs and and let's also pay homage to one of the greatest moments in the game. Do you know Hunter Harvey is know if you like. I should I was checking him out. He's a relief pitcher for the Orioles pumps about a hundred hundred and one and he just rocks the meanest mullet of all time. Awesome. Yes him so good for him. He's the bright spot there to me. Yeah. Well, you know if your best thing going is a mullet and right. Well, they got that John means guy. Yeah, he's good. But I mean that's that's it. I mean, there's second star. Artur is Alex Cobb, right? That's not good. Sure. He isn't like pitched at all. Yes, like not well, but I don't know that their pitching is really bad. They're often. They're just really bad. Yeah, they let the allowed the most home runs and all major league baseball last year and I don't know that that would change much it's just not good and then you have to Chris Davis contract that has to be one of the worst contracts I've ever seen. Yeah. I'm glad the the old Rangers dodged that bullet. Man, they give him a hundred and sixty 1 million dollars and he's batting under that under the Mendoza Line. He thought about retiring I believe I mean I would think about retiring every day if I couldn't hit anything. Okay, I mean, he just disappeared. Yeah, and he was I mean he was, you know, leading the league in homeruns. You're smashing like 50th season. Yeah. I know he led the league in slugging percentage a couple of years and I think it's a head case because he was not great in Texas and then God the change of scenery went to Baltimore and that's when he started smashing all those home runs and stuff. And then now again, he's just fallen off. I think it's all in his head. Yeah. Well, I guess like that sure. So the Blue Jays then the Blue Jays I had the Blue Jays at 80 and 82, but I think their team on the rise. Like I said, yeah, I haven't I haven't been 82 and eighty so I just have the Red Sox in bluej sure to record swap the same as you I got them at 81 even 510 so but I'm with you though. I really really really wanted to put them above the Red Sox. Yeah. Couldn't quite do it sure but not yet. I'll be pulling for him though. Hmm. Absolutely. They are playing in st. Louis to summer. So I think we should take a trip down there. I think it's important. I'll be really fun being fun team to watch go see vladdy Junior. Let's Crush. So hey guys got Tampa doing. I've got Tampa at 95 in 67 and that's when in the division and that's winning the division. I got a 92 and 70. That's what I got added to in 17. Yeah, that's what I have the Yankees at. Okay them. It's 92 and 70. Okay. Well Gerrit Cole can only do so much. I have the Yankees. I also I did this a couple days ago. I have a hundred three and 59. Yankees, I mean they could easily pull out a hundred win season for sure, but well, I think that that Severino hit is pretty big I didn't have last year either sure I got screw. You know, I'm a dagger. Kol and I Jim specs and I'll be back what made you know, I think met yeah, go ahead. Oh, no, I was just gonna sag him a hundred six wins. Yeah. All right. I really think they're going to be that guy. I don't know if it's a matter if their rotation isn't absolute dominance sure, you know. They're going to win any time cold was out there pretty much and to knock as a you know, it's a good picture. Yeah, not this is done the playoffs last year true. Yeah, and then you got Loop Voight Gary Sanchez. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they got like a mash I'm gonna and then you gotta do hard coming back. Hmm fucking Torres, yag labor in 38 dingers last year. Yeah glaber's is studwell Stanton's hurt again. That's weird. Yeah. I'm really glad that Cardinals dodged that bullet. Yeah. Thanks Giancarlo for that just hurt ya judges hurt stated day. It was the season he probably play but yeah shoulder discomfort. Sure Aaron Hicks up for the year ahead. TJ. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, Brett Gardner's goofy-looking ass out there center field this year Well, Caillou. Yep. Look how you out there. You know what still really really like for the Yankees is DJ lemahieu? Yeah. Yeah. He is so underrated looks absolutely kills it. Mmm yet I don't have all the stats of right in front of me. But no he I mean he had a crushed it last great year last year. He was he was good in Colorado just came over and just I thought it was gonna kind of be a fluke right and he just kept doing it. Yeah, they did lose a big bull pen. Peace and Dellin Betances though. That is true. He went to the matinee did I don't think it matters though? Yeah, I mean sure life so - I'm just letting my nuts hang they still got Chapman. They've got Britain. Yeah, they got out of Vino. Tyler Lyons Tyler lot. No shit. I did not know that until just this second. Wow, but they've yet they just got good pieces everywhere. Yeah there I agree though, their rotation is the weakest part of their team, but maybe just I think I think I just make it till Paxton gets back. I think they'll be fine. Yeah, they're not a bad team by any means and you know, they have the resources to go out. And yeah, they're divorced. There's still the Yankees I saw today. They're they're scouting Steve mats. Okay. I heard that today vast the Mets about Even mad so that might also fall into play and then if you've got a rotation of Gerrit Cole Tanaka Paxton Steven matz, I'm missing somebody. Is that it Jay Happ J. Happen Jordan Montgomery. Hello lefties. Yeah it is. How about the Rays so I mean how many how many gives you there is one again? I'm 75 and 95. They traded Tommy Pham to San Diego for your boy a hunter Renfro excited about that. Yeah. They got a Jose Martinez and Randy Rhoads Arena from the Cardinals for in the mat Liberatore trade. Hmm Manuel Margo for a demanding up again. They also got a Japanese player. Yes, you meet. Oh hell. Yeah tusu go glad I did. I'm I hope I said that right they spent 12 million on him, which Is a lot for them. Yeah, you got boy still coming back glass now is coming back. And the number one Prospect of baseball under Franco. Yep, and he might play in the Olympics. He is playing in the Olympics. They said with the Dominican Joey bats. Oh, yeah. So yeah, I think that fam trade could hurt them a little bit Renfro does have pop he hit 33 home runs last year in less than 500 at-bats. So that's I mean, I wasn't Petco. Yeah, so he You know, he can play I tell you what. Ray's pull out a trade for Jack Peterson and right field. Okay, then what? And I hate it that just popped in my head. They could potentially use another outfielder. Losing the power with fam. Yeah, get yourself a jockey Peds. Where do you put it? Well, because you got Austin Meadows and right who was who absolutely crushed last? Okay. Well then what you got Renfro and left you got ran for one left and that's it that guy fuck you hate about if they just trade it in and they got a what's his name out in Center tip of my tongue Kevin Kevin Kiermaier. Thank you. Prettiest man in baseball camp for here. Yes someone else too. Jose Martinez. Yeah, he's they're taking them. Another said well, he's yeah, he's 38 she got Choice first. Did you hear like smells already having health issues and see what if that's a shame? Yeah. He already had a sore elbow after his first start needed a cortisone injection. Yeah, that's not good in spring training now. That's all right. They got glass now last night was about to pull out some shit this year and you know, who else they have that Charlie Morton Charlie more than one is legit, man. Yep. Well, that's because I went and got that Secrets here. I'm from Houston exactly knows what he's doing. So I guess on that. I mean do we have anything else on the team? So we want to get into the rotation? I think I have anything else. Yeah, that's all I got we do the rotation. I think a lot of the the injuries for the Yankees. That's what I'm going to close on. That's the only reason that I picked the Tampa Bay Rays over them. You might look really smart the end of the year. Yeah, but so dude, or you'll just get dogged on Twitter. I'll summer it'll be fun. That's fine. I do it. Anyways, Timmy Walton Burger. Haha to one burger also wrecked pavement blog. We yeah, we plug ya loser. So you guys are we done that or just Yeah, yeah, we're good. Let's starting rotation. Okay. So again, these are rotations that we came up with. We just all the players in the division and came up with our ideal starting rotation. This is any players. Yep. Gonna go number 5 through one again Brett. Yeah, I'll do five through one. So, uh number five I got Ryu. I'm not going to attempt to say is first name. I'm sorry Henry kyung Jin Ryu. Okay. Thank you for the assist sir. Number four. I've Chris Sale. Like I said, I think he's going to come back this year. Wrong as long as he can get over pneumonia get up to speed 3, I have Tower glass now stud. Yep to I have Snell the stuff. The tone said earlier is concerning but I already wrote it down. So we're going to go ahead and number one to no surprise. I have Gerrit Cole. And then my my honorable mentions are mr. Tanaka with the New York Yankees and Charlie Morton. There you go. I did not put Charlie Morton in my rotation or is kill me. I'm Morten man. I know he'll make an appearance later. Okay, I've got stuff for him. Okay, my starting rotation. I have Chris sales and honorable mention just because of the injury and/or the the sickness or whatever. But I did put Eduardo Rodriguez in my fifth spot. I like that. I like that a lot of yes, I have a Bordeaux Rodriguez for is actually John means o Baltimore three is glass now to is Ryu and one is Gerrit Cole. My honorable mentions were Chris Sale Tanaka and snow snow just worries me. You put fucking means in there. It means an idea you had a good season. Yeah, he likes now like has me worried after last year and now this I'm he was on my fantasy team all year. I struggled through that. I got a little bit of a bias right now, but it's good. He obviously, you know, he was a site young two seasons ago. Yeah so he could do almost anything. But I'm just timid to put them in at this point. Should I get that my rotation starts off with Chris Sale in the five spot? I could have got so many ways that Five Spot. Yeah, I went and wardo Rodriguez with my fourth spot Ryu. Third Charlie Morton boys your boy second and then obviously Gerrit Cole, so my honorable mentions were Blake's now. Just the injury thing glass now Tyler. Laughs I probably could have taken sale spot. I just I kept looking at the stats and I was I was lying them up and I just couldn't like I couldn't take out Eduardo Rodriguez for Chris say I just couldn't do it. What sound was heard a lot last year. Yeah. So that's that. I mean, he started 12 games and had a 1.7 a tiara in those 12 games. Yeah, you know, and I also Tanaka was another dimension and then I put Severino on the honorable mentions just cuz if he was healthy, he would have consideration of his fair that will see him in 2021. Yes. That's a damn shame with him that mean he works so hard to come back and then DJ yeah, that sucks at that point. You almost have just been like hey, I'm already down for the year last year. Basically just do it. Just do it. Just wreck my you CH get me a new one. Well now I mean he probably wants to start a next season as well. Yeah. Yeah, you know absolutely fine. Looking at like a June come back next year. So that sucks. So Eduardo Rodriguez a kind of want to hit on for a minute. Yeah, it's too because I knew he was a pretty solid guy to put in there and have Row for a while. I didn't realize how solid he actually was. So we started 34 games last year. He was 19 and 6 with a 3/8 one era through over 200 Innings 213 ches and had a 1.3. Whip. Yeah him. I mean he had a hell of a season very quietly. other than the web is Elite, you know, I mean the air I can be a little bit lower to but right I mean That's a lot of strikeouts for. So I that's not really considered like that case, you know, right not a power strikeout guy at all. He's already new starter now, I would imagine to sail be now. We just got to be I mean you got your valdi coming into I guess. I didn't even put Rodriguez on there. I'm kind of mad at myself. Now, it caught me off guard. I was digging through a lot. He finished sixth in the Scion boating last year did yeah. Damn. Yep, John means quietly had a alright season 2, which I had means but yeah the Oriole effect out there say it so passively man. I own it own John means good job. John means I'm oh no problem. Charlie Morton. You're gonna run means you right you right but glass now is mine. You guys know how I feel about that dude. That's my boy right there. I think he's going to be an absolute unit this year that Chris Archer trade just looks worse and worse every year Austin Meadows and glass Now for Chris Archer what the time? He was a great picture at the time and of though, I mean, yes, I'm not I'm not arguing that but he you know, he was all strikeouts. He I don't know that he had to look it up. I don't know that he ever had like, you know top stuff as far as era and know is he? All right was always like five something, right? He had a very high already but he struck out like he would has to have run support he would throw like six Innings. He wouldn't get a win or a loss or anything or sometimes a loss I guess but he would let up a lot of runs strike out a lot of people and either squeak out with a win or take the loss every time but he struck out fucked on a people. Yeah. It was like it would be like a five inning starter something with 15 Kay's but he also gave up five runs. It's wild he's completely hit or miss. Yeah, he hasn't had a ear a under for since 2015. Yeah, I mean it's always up there always up there and that trade was so weird at the time too because the Pirates they weren't doing anything and they traded to awesome prospects for Chris Archer. Yeah, I watched it thing with glass now the other day on Trevor Bauer has momentum. Thank you and it was it was actually Clevenger and glass now sitting down and talking together, which is pretty cool. And yeah, and they were kind of talking about the same things. R Glass now was like, yeah up in Pittsburgh. I was so worried about stepping on people's toes and shit and now I'm down here and they know what I can do. They believe in me and I'm just out here just being me and I'm comfortable with myself and he's he's exploded since he came over. I mean he is I know he was hurt last year, but dude's got some shit man. We have some breaking news here on Twitter. Oh Mike Trout's having a baby boy in August regulations. Mike Trout. Yeah. He's hammering that vag harder than his Handler Hammer loves golf ball. Well, he's having a boy. So 18 years from now Look Out Boys little baby trout little baby trout. It's Gonna Come Out Swinging bro. They showed the ultrasound. I think he has a mid on will be playing together at some point future, New York Yankee Mike Trout Junior. That's insane. We also notation you guys are move on to our league Eric holes Gerrit Cole. So we don't really have to touch on him. The guy's a freaking beast. And then we already talked about Rio a little bit. So yeah, let's go ahead and let's we got a deal for directions. No, I'm with you. Yeah, let's hit the predictions. All right. Okay Brett your home run prediction. I have a different name written down but I did I've been flip-flopping on this all day. Okay, I had Aaron judge, but I'm going to switch to JD Martinez with 37 home runs. I have Labor Torres. Okay, I think puts up this year. I'm cool with that. I have their own judge and then yeah injuries. And so I just didn't I just figured I'd stick to my original predictions right? I'll still go with it. Yeah kleber in there 38 last year caught me off guard. I didn't know he had that many. It's pretty wild he was on my fantasy team. He was on my Keepers this year. Unfortunately, so is a judge so get well soon Aaron. Are you sure you don't secretly love the Yankees? No, not at all. Not at all. To my three keepers are Yankees. Well, they're ones Alex bregman. So don't hate the Yankees and there's no reason to we got the Astros to hate on right? Yeah. Well after they win a hundred and three games this year. It was pretty easy to hate him again. We'll see figured cool thing was big 324 million dollars while okay, so everyone has their guys stolen bases who we got I got Bo bichette. Whoo 26 I got bubbles shed as well. I haven't Tampa Bay or a Toronto Blue Jays. Well, but it's not Boba shit. I've got Kevin busy. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, cool the cabin putting it up. Yeah. He had 14 last year in like a half season the next person up in this division was Garrett. You're not careful. I'm sorry was I Kevin Kiermaier with 19? Yeah, so I don't know. Yeah, I don't think there was a clear run away. There was not first stolen base leader. They Elias. Yeah, not like the NL East Bono's steals. So I'm going to say what are you making fun of me for the enrollees for I'm not making fun. I'm just saying because my boy reps, he's gonna start. What did you have for the NL e? Yeah. Hey, dude, my boy alerts have your answers in front of me. So I didn't know who you are man. Well, so OK strikeouts in the AL East place for the Marlins all piss piss big. Trivia is still the team. And they get uniforms. All right. So strikeouts. I've Gerrit Cole. Yeah, that was that was even hard actually. In fact, I wrote that one down and I have a two hundred seventy five strikeouts this year place. But yeah, very cool baby. See ya. I've got you're gonna love me. I got Charlie Morton you go and Charlie on the case on the case. All right, man. Yeah, I'm going for it. Heck. Yeah, dude, I mean Garrett cold season last year was just immaculate it was insane. I don't I don't know. It's hard to put a campaign together back-to-back where he's gonna hit another 300,000 and a tougher division. Yeah, I would say I mean also in a ballpark where ball flies over can hit right? You know, I mean, yeah, so I got your boy I get to boy Morton up there. Okay. That's wow. I know that I didn't see that coming. He was only about 90 strikeouts short here at Cole last year. He's got some ground to make up. Do you have a total on their total production? Not at all? Prediction I just have what they have last year. So Gerrit Cole had 326 and Charlie Morton had to 4326. Yeah insane right if he does that again do I will well, he had Seattle and Anaheim to pick on to true. Yeah, that's me 200 strikeouts is like you're doing really well. That's nuts 300 is like the best it's insane. That's insane and you can do that and you have 326. So er a we pretty good on that 100-ton shaking his head around a boy. Oi, well I got gear going on here. I went with Morton for the year who snap yeah, surely Morton's go faster becoming a friend of the show sure if he had 3.05 ERA last year. It's gone down every season since 2015. Wow, his era is just plummeting down outside Houston effect telling you yeah. They're all out there pitching with substances. He's bringing it. That was actually brought up. They're using some kind of grip altering. That's all that I'm Twitter earlier. I mean, they're just spine par. That's what they were saying. Hey, everyone knows it's shit. I want anyway, so saves I have mr. Chapman. Yeah. Yep. I figured that would be unanimous. Yeah, the only backup that I even saw really was Ken Giles because with the Rays you never know who they're posers actually going to be correct. So Ken Giles had 23 last year in the world has had 37. I haven't with 35 this year bit of a gap. Yeah, I don't think you made that job. I mean, I'm just thinking about the whole thing is safe situations, right? You have to be in a situation to give the same right Blue Jays are going to win more games this year and they'll probably be in closer games in the Yankees. Well, but I still don't think that's enough to cover. What is it 15 different forcing? Yeah. Yeah, so, yep. Got to go Chapman. Yep. Well, I mean, that's it. Huh? Yeah, I think that wraps. Yeah list. So we're going to go ahead and take a little break. I'm going to try and throw in some ads right here next on this episode. So if that's there then that's what's coming. Oh, thank you. Hey guys tie here with upper decker podcast. I actually have a short adhere for anchor the free podcasting website that allows you to record and edit your own podcast. However, you so choose you can also download their app and do it all from your phone you can Record straight to your phone of loaded to Anchor and we'll distribute it for free to Spotify. Apple podcasts Etc. Whichever ones you prefer you can actually make money which is why I'm doing this ad right now with minimum minimum listenership minimum murmurs murmurs ship minimum listenership. So if nobody listened to your podcast or if one person does you still make you money? How's that sound? Huh? It's everything you need all in one place. So you make sure you go download the free. Tanker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I'll let y'all get back to the the ol show now. Welcome back to Upper Decker after that little intermission guys. Y'all ready to hop back into the NL East now, let's get it. Yes, sir. All right. So we'll go ahead and go standings. Again Brett you go right off the bat 5 through one. Alrighty at number five. I have the Miami Marlins shocker. Yeah. I know. That was those tough one. Number four might catch some shit for this the New York Mets. Hmm, and number three. I have the Philadelphia Phillies. Hmm. Number two the defending World Series champion, Washington Nationals, and number one the Atlanta Los Bravos. Yeah data. Wow, okay. We thought were going to be a little scrambled on this one. But no I have I swapped the Phillies in the met. So I have Marlins five Phillies four Mets three, and then the Braves won in the division over the Nationals. I thought that would be way different than it went. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, that was a whole lot closer than I expected. Oh, I'm pissed. So then with your with your record with the Marlins Brett where you got them my record with the old. Collins has 63 in 99. I got 66 and 96. I got $63.99. Thanks guys. Clue me in next time. Okay. Great minds think alike. Also, what's my mind Brett your minds also great. Thank you. Geez how we feel about the Marlins? Well there and what your two or three of a big rebuild that I have for my photos like you're 10, well kind of legit. They still had all them guys. I Yelich and I was and Stanton was una we probably have left Derek Jeter. I mean, they lot of prospects it could turn around. He I mean Derek Jeter knows how to win. He's a winner so we'll see they let's see. I mean, I don't know. It's really not much to talk about with the old market Sandy Alcantara who's a big question mark but could be something cool. You know, I really like with them Jordan Yamamoto. Yeah see as a starting pitcher. I don't know why I just have a big fan Mmm Yeah, Caleb Smith has shown Ends up being a pretty decent starter as well. Absolutely and then they just got Jonathan Villar. Yes. Yeah be a trade. Yeah. I don't know how to use a free agent. Was it that sounds correct. They gotta Corey Dickerson of Corey Dickerson. He's a good player. I'm surprised he's got great stats. Yeah, I don't I mean obviously you can't put them anywhere other than last place, but it's good to see them have a few contributors on the roster. They're kind of in that like Second from bottom tier now as opposed to like the very bottom right like I don't put them in the same category as the tigers or The Orioles and of our there's still shitty though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but it's gonna take time and they did move in the fences at the Ballpark this year to really they did and they that statue is outside now, I think it was outside last you too, though. Hmm. They also got a Pacers Aguilar membrane with the Brewers do could Mash you kind of fell off a cliff there last year and then he got traded to Tampa. Are you might have just been outright released? I can't remember now. He's now. He's resides in all of Miami. Yeah, and you know what the Marlins could still pick up all Puig? Yeah, they could be a great. He's obviously Cuban a lot of other Cubans Miami. I think he'd be a good fit down there. That's where they thought it was going to go when he first defected Mmm Yeah, they need to have got that Brinson guy in Centerfield. It was Brinson. He's got just off the centerpiece of the Christian Yelich great. Don't quote me on this, but I Like I'm pretty sure that the Rangers drafted him traded Lewis Brinson to the Brewers and now he's with the Marla. Okay, so dodged a little bit of a bullet there. Sure the Holo Jose Fernandez tragedy. I think that set this team back. Yeah, I think after he after he left I think that's why they they got rid of everyone. I mean, he's staying Yelich Ozuna that me think about that Outfield. I know. Yeah, three potential MVP Stu. Did when mbbs, you know, yeah, that's wild that's real wild. They'll have a tough time in this division. Now there's a lot of talent in this division has been mentioned is going to be crazy. Then I'll have a bullpen. They've got like we said they've got an okay rotation, but still some question marks, especially at the back end young unproven Talent on that team. Yeah. So the Mets I got that for you got a mat for you got them. I've got about three. Yeah, I have them. 81 81 even 580 and 82 for me. So I gave him 88 wins. Oh, so you're thinking they're going big boy the rest of them, huh? They could I got a tight though. You mean the other teams? Yeah. I've got it tight though. It's not like I don't have like a hundred and six game-winner. Like I do in the AL East animator. Yeah. I think it's going to be tight in those top four and I can easily see you guys being right and having the Phillies finish ahead of the Mets. Yeah. I don't know. I think the Mets are a very well-balanced team. They've got an excellent rotation. They've got a well-balanced lineup. It's not too top-heavy like it's not like you got these monster bats to two of them up at the top of the lineup and then it completely drops off its kind of just steady throughout that contributors all the way down. So yeah, I also really like the Michael Wacha signing Michael Walker. Yeah. I mean, he's a good for starter. Yeah, if he can stay healthy that's always kind of business thing. I mean when he first came out, he was the next big. Yeah, and then he Kinda, he never could just never could just take that last step. Yes that that Mike Matheny effect. I think they Mike Matheny affect you and um favorite Purcell. Oh number five starter. Oh really want to say uncle years ago. That's a good pick up and they obviously have Jake degrom who will back-to-back Cy Young Awards. Hmm. But my issue with them is they lost her manager? Yeah, Carlos Beltran. He was replaced by a Luisa Rojas. Yeah, Beltran was obviously part of the trashcan banging actually sounds like he was a lot to do. With it. Yeah, but another thing with this team if Milwaukee last year didn't season doesn't make that huge charge and September Mets Prime make the playoffs. Yeah, and they got a Jeff McNeil taken off his nickname is the flying squirrel. Yes, which I love Michael conforto. Finally took that last step great five-tool player. Brandon Mo Brandon demo. They got mr. Alonzo mashing it my boy dude 53 dingers last solar bear - dude. He's incredible. Yep. You just hits bombs last year. He made 550 million. That was a salary. He wanted fifty thousand million million thousand thousand. I've what I did wasn't told there was gonna be more got paid. Yeah, take that trout. Yeah Gerrit Cole Who Do Ya, wow, sorry about that. But I know he got a million for winning the Home Run Derby sure it is so he doubled his salary and one night. I think that's a pretty good incentive there, you know people were starting to not Care so much about the Home Run Derby now that you've got a million-dollar bone. Oh my God. That was really entertaining last year. Mmm. Yeah, you've got Alonso who can absolutely Mash Cano. I don't know. Where is it to be at? This point is crazed kind of just gone up and down, right but that other guy JD Davis Eddie Davis yet. He mad at 3:07 last year. Terrible had 22 bombs Jeff and McNeil who you mentioned Brett. He bad at 3:18 last year at 9:16. Oh PS that's Those are the guys I'm talking about like, you know, they're not the elite of the elite but like they've got productivity throughout the lineup. So yeah, I've got them finish in about 500 for sure and I think they could I don't think they're gonna cross that 90 win Plateau. Yeah, but I've got them at the 88. See, I've still got them at 80 and 82. Yeah, I think I didn't write a 500. So the Phillies they've got a string something together at some point way too talented to not yeah. I mean I have them when an 83 games 83-79 I gave them 8787 75. So I swapped them with your meds. I've got an 80 and 82 got just under 500 and a lot of that is just again a lot of these records are because of the division there in you know, solutely he's so the Phillies in the NL Central and I could very easily see them winning the division. Yeah, you know, what do you mean? Girardi he replaces Gabe kapler. I think he was just a victim of circumstance. They spent all this money and they just kind of fell on their faces. Yeah, but Joe Girardi is a proven winner great manager highlights are already ready to they added Zack Wheeler. Yep underrated pick up your Bryce Harper and his second year and Philly. Hope you know, I mean he did okay here, I think he had an I mean it was pretty solid year. He batted 260 which that could probably go up a little bit but he had 35 home runs in his average is never really been his thing. I know right a hundred and fourteen RBIs. I mean, yeah, he kind of went off if he could bump that that the batting average up another 10 15 points, man. Yeah, we're talking some shit again. You gotta yeah introduction coming back. It was a torn ACL. I believe that he had so yeah. Yeah Beck. I feel he's a question mark at this point in his career. Yeah. He's only 33. Well, okay what actually a share a birthday with him by the way, but he was curious at home like to the are no, he's a year younger. Okay, but we were both born and Our tent fun fact chill that'll be on the trivia at the end. They also still have Jay Bruce who can Mash every now and then gee Bruce got Hoskins Who Reese my man, really you man? I love res Hoskins. Okay, that's one of ties boys. He's got about 35 of them. Yeah, he's got to get on base warming is taking that ever. Sure. He'd better 226 last year. Yeah, but he had a down year last year. Yes, but he had 29 home runs and 30. 34 the year before that so he's definitely got the capability but I think he just needs to just get on base more. Yeah, and then you got Jean Segura and it's got Kingery kind of flip-flopping between second third forgetting the best hitting catcher in baseball to be yeah, JT realmuto. I was going to hit on the new signing with Didi Gregorius at shortstop. I like okay. Yeah, like that'll yeah, I like that too. That's a good pick up form. That's what forces security got a second or short third. I'm sorry. But that lineup or the team. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah run you tow truck in the Phillies had to there but I am rocking a Phillies hat right now. Okay. Okay Ed get it to match the old Bryce Harper Jersey rose water proof. That's my dude man. I will ride for Bryce Harper till I die. Okay. Yes. That's that's boy number 36 36 of them hitting their we might have up to 50 by the time we're done the baseball Fan Man. Giving you shit. Their rotation is also not terrible. You got Aaron Nola Zack Wheeler Arrieta, if he can do anything like you used to Zac Effron and then you've got the ambidextrious Wonder Vince Velasquez. Okay might actually still be able to do some shit. Yeah. Yeah, that's not a bad one through five. It's a good team on paper. Yeah, absolutely and Joe Girardi man on the ship. They got a good chance to compete. I think I just worry about the offense and not have enough water. And sure I mean left Fields can get you don't know as McCutchen right-center field is Hazel easily. Yeah, I'm not familiar. I'm honestly not. Yeah. I just think you know Deedee solid but not Elite Segura had a couple really good years, but I think he's kind of just a slightly above-average header this point. Sure. Yeah, but I don't know I mean, but again, they've got Several pieces it's going to be it's gonna be tough their bullpens pretty pretty weak. Now that I'm digging through that we've got like Drew storen Bud Norris Francisco Liriano. Wow, they got do like a Nick pavetta who got lit up last year. Yeah. I do like Hector nearest. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. He had a good season last year. let's just take a scrap heap of a bolt it really is it's nothing to write home about but I still think they're coming in third they yeah I know we hit on it but they've gotta do something like I don't want them to you because the Braves division but I mean they've got a shrink some together with all that money and talent they put into it I mean something has got to give it some point yeah they don't want to get stuck in the middle nope right you don't mean they need to either I mean they're not going on I'm not saying it'll tear down but they need to go the other way they need to just add a couple more pieces Probably offensively and just go for it. I mean the divisions open, you know, unless three off Seasons. They've spent 700 million dollars god. Wow, no wild half of it. Mr. Bryce. Yeah, and then over in Pittsburgh. They're like, come on guys, right? That's just yeah, that's a that's a lot of money damn shame and Pittsburgh, but we won't get into that. Right? We already talked about since then. We've got the reigning Champs fallen in at We all agreed on that. Yeah. Yeah, I mean old man, of course, they're pretty much the same team still so they could pull whatever out but they're the same team without random. They lost about are known for this. Everything else. You're right. Everything else is almost exactly the same. Yep, but that's a big loss this big and they've got a car turkey boom there. Yeah. He's supposed to be here right where he's supposed to be pretty good. But you know, he hasn't he hasn't done anything. Yet so it's definitely question mark where you know, you're losing a guy that had a 1000. Oh PS last year that could that could hurt them what record you guys have for who you'll medals. I have 1972 same 85-77. Oh, okay. They're losing their best offensive talent and actually the for the second time in two years. Yeah, but worked out well for him last year. Yeah, they did re-sign Ryan Zimmerman, but they have a Eric Thames projected to be the starting first baseman. for now for now yeah but that that's a big dude with that rotation though is those top three something to write home about 4:00 it's nasty and you even got Anibal Sanchez and for I know we hit on him last time but that's that's a solid little Force plot for slot yeah Joe Ross who is whoever yeah well and they got one Soto who is just turn into a superstar dude he's awesome he's a stud yeah Trey Turner yep that's you know that's my dude also 37 is that every 37 you know I got his share Z thanks thanks - yeah that was good he got me a Scherzer went to we need a ties dudes calculator which gonna get a chart right now and every time I say it's my dude I'm just gonna ride him on the it'll be like that Browns jersey well and they got Victor Robles who He every year we think he's just going to kick ass and he's kind of disappoints but when it's going to happen one of these years or just not or is it going to sapir? I'm in on a man. He's gonna have to step up. You know with random gone. I think he's a Michael a Taylor 2.0. Yeah, they're about the same player. They're both projected first and second center field and I'd they just never became well, I mean, you know, we're only a couple of years into it, but sure, you know, they never became what they were supposed to be. We won the World Series. Sure. Yeah. Absolutely. I got a ring you got Adam Eaton and right field whose I mean, he solid underrated player Adam Eaton. Yeah Howie Kendrick still holding down second base. He had a postseason for the ages the first year. He really did beat the Dodgers almost by himself pretty much and then he stopped the birds new mudhole to I believe I did a little bit. Yeah Oh you mean the Hulk Dude, that guy's just insanely ribbed. I'm not even to say he's my dude, but that dude is you might as well just say is Gonna Come break the door down. Yeah. No shit. Eric. Eric Thames few here this you're my dude. Don't kill me number 38. Okay. Go ahead man. I mean he can well he has average isn't great but he can hit hard. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He had 25 home runs last year and 396 at-bats. It wouldn't he wouldn't full time last year with the old Brew Crew the old Brew Crew. And that boy and that rotation I know we talked about it, but golly ridiculous ridiculous. I mean, that's the best top three in the baseball. I think all three of them were in the top 10 in strikeouts like for all of baseball, that's insane. yeah and you got Strasbourg coming back on the New Deal strasberg's things always been his health yeah absolutely but will end he did some shit last year we haven't seen in the movie either I was really happy for him he's here me too Scherzer he's a he's a friend of the show st. Louis native I remember oh go ahead well he's coming off the back injury sure he missed a lizard the World Series the World Series game he missed he couldn't even put a shirt on that's how hurt his back was yeah I mean he's a so hopefully it's ripping oh man he's a trooper Hayes is out there pitching with a broken nose and just mean as can be I can't think of another current MLB pitcher that just their their Poise and presence on the mound strikes fear and batters the absolutely he's got those two different colored eyes he's yeah he's a stud he just causes up a storm on the mound to he's like come on you fucking pussy yeah it's amazing You guys want to move on to my boys now? I think we can do that the although Bravo's Los Bravos. Will Tyson such your squad. I don't you go first with the old prediction. I still have it very tight between them and the Nationals I got the Braves at 92 and 70 and I got the Nats at 90 and 72. I got the old Braves at 91 and 71 and where were the Nets 85 and 77 by pretty good World Series hangover just the health of the pictures kind of been questioned. I mean what they did last year. They snuck into the playoffs and then you know, I'm we saw the rest of what they did. So yeah what you got tongue. I got braces at 93 69. So one above you and the Nats at 90-72. So yeah, real tight all the way through the mat. So I've got the Phillies down there a little bit more than you guys do. But yeah, I mean 12 gay. I have 12 games between 14 s so, I mean that's that's pretty tight. Yeah, it could have killed him. Anyway, honestly, and then the Marlins And the Marley ol fish watch them just shove it to us somehow. So, how are you? How's we'll start with you because you're very fan. How are you feeling about the Braves? I mean, I know we all really high when the division so high. Yeah. So, how do you feel about losing Josh Donaldson though hate it. Yeah. However Johan Camargo showed up to Camp a little little little cut. He lost like 20 pounds. They said okay, he's just ripped now also him and Austin Reilly are competing for third base if they can like platoon those two over there I'm cool but you still need to add a piece I think and we've touched on the KB trade I'd love to have me some Kris Bryant sorry I don't want them talking you up but you're gone dude if Kris Bryant is the thing that's coming Johan Camargo and Sean Newcombe oh smell you later yeah absolutely smell you I know you don't wanna hear this I really honestly think that Marcel Ozuna can make up for a good portion of not all of it but a good portion of dying since production all right I'm coming around on it I just I can't stand watching that dude play the field I was pissed he is so awkward hate it hate it just climb that wall and fall on your face again he makes Tim Tebow to look in the future yeah and I'm just dreading seeing him where that bright neon yellow fucking sleep I saw yesterday I saw yesterday during a game it really Clash I'm like Madison Bumgarner something man dude I don't know man I'm coming around I just I cannot stand that guy and then he's I mean, he's I don't know man. It's between him and Adam Duvall and left field. So I mean, of course I'll take those una over Duvall. So they have Markakis. Once again. Yeah, there they say he's going to be their fourth outfielder because inciarte is coming back. Yeah, you've got inciarte and Center Acuna and right and then you've got Markakis and Duval kind of backing it up behind behind that so their Outfield, I mean, they're all filled stack their infield is also Oh very stacked. Yeah, if you could get a third baseman, that's great, but I'm cool with riding out the way it is for now. If Austin Reilly doesn't produce if Camargo is not doing what he's supposed to be doing then smell you like I said, but who's that a Centerfield Prospect? They have Christian patchy. Yeah stud. They're saying he'll probably break Camp which would be cool. They have got they got Drew Waters also hanging in there another outfielder. So they're going to do a lot of exciting things. that but one thing that really does scare me even more than third base things the whole catcher slot like I know Tyler Flowers has been around and he's fine yeah Travis d'Arnaud he has saw that pickup so yeah I mean that's not a bad pick up at all but they're catch your spot is always very weak they like to like to platoon to three guys so last year they had McCann and flowers and then before that they had flowers and Suzuki you know they always just have to three guys go and they do have a prospect that coming up forget his name Jackson something Jackson but he's supposed to be a stud there's another William Williams Contreras or something it was a supposed to catch as well but you know when you got Freddie Freeman Ozzy Albie's Dansby Swanson I'll take that any day great team yeah absolutely that that top for of and I don't remember exactly what order they go in does it come new lead off usually yeah okay so you got Acuna jr. I'll be yeah and then Freeman yeah probably I mean that's that's a potent top four. I mean, I would assume that even d'Arnaud would come in after that then. I mean that's not a bad one through five and that's not at all Swanson. Six Swanson probably goes a little lower level has a seven eight maybe nine and the Pitcher slot. Yeah. I mean they got some shit going on there their Bullpen is scary. They're built engines discuss tastic Bullpen. Yeah. How about that rotation to boys? Oh my goodness faulty struggled a little bit the other day, but Soroka we've seen one year. Well, we'll we'll see how that goes my boy on the lookout 39. what's that oh God no no all right Max freed yeah you know that I'm not over Max free yeah he's going to have a season hmm he was 17 and 6 last year I have all of his stats he's not in my starting rotation started 30 Games 17 and 6 a for era but a hundred sixty five innings pitched hundred seventy-three ches they also feel like they misuse them at the end of the season they were using him as a lot of relief when they should have put them out there to start games and to shut people down yeah and they also son Cole Hamels they did sign Cole Hamels yeah and they got my boy King Felix coming into your box by King 40 we've hit 40 damn so dude if I was that all play out though because you do have Nukem tossed around in that mix as well right so that's six new come Kyle right into key design to keep boys so it's 8 yeah that's got a lot live got a lot of options ins and they're not going to do like a six-man rotation or anything when you have the talent of Soroka and free again so what do you do well you don't have to throw them in the bullpen you don't that's the thing and stacked I hate saying it but maybe trade ships dude, honestly when this year, are you surprised they sign Hamels and Felix? I'm not really those are deals man. Those are deals. You've got so many young people in that that rotation right now. You get a guy like King Felix who's been through the ringer sure. You get a guy like Cole Hamels who is also one some shit. You know, I mean you get those two guys on one year deals if King Felix don't work out he don't work out but he's teaching these young guys something. That's sure they don't have a A lot of veterans on the team right? It's a variety and I don't know the age of a lot of the bullpen guys. I know the names but and I'm Lance has been around. Yeah, but yeah, I mean overall I don't know like you're a very young team very young very young very talented and cunha and Albie's signed really good contracts for the Braves early on and that's going to be proud of the bigger deals and sports pretty sure we still got eight more years of those two together. Yeah or seven or eight it's incredible they need if they don't win a World Series with those two, I'll be shy. Yeah, and you got Freddy Freddy the middle of his prime. He's closer to the end of the friend the beginning but Freddie's damn good first baseman. Absolutely. He was great in home alone. And then there damn it. That's fair. I got me Freddie's girlfriend. So right now they've got Mark melancon projected to be there closer, but they signed Will Smith and I think Will Smith takes over that ring. And yeah, so either way way though, and you know, what's the clothes are anymore right? Sure, if you go so many ways and who cares. I mean the point is you got I mean, I'm looking at Chris Martin and I mean anytime you have the lead singer of Coldplay. Sorry. No my boy, Chris Martin, that's one that's two Charlie Morton. Okay rewind soda, you just okay. All right. All right. There's so many options that could fill. The seventh eighth and ninth inning. Yeah. Yeah, it's wild. I mean you've got three like at least at one point but top-tier closers with Melanson gangrene and Will Smith. I mean those three that's that's if Melanson can do anything anything. I'll be happy but he kind of let me down a little bit last year. But I mean it's a solid arm to throw back there again, another experienced veteran who can you know hand off the reins to these guys. He was enclosed in the playoffs was he? I'mme well I didn't have Too many games. It is the playoffs you get a lot of yeah. Damn it. They did Shane green a lot towards the end of the season Shane green and they tried AJ Mentor but he's a I think he's a little bit of a wash. Yeah. He's a he's a lefty specialist, but you can't do that anymore. So yeah, I think that's one of the cool things about their Bullpen. It's not just that they're talented and they're going to do well when they're in the game. It's also about how many innings you can rely on and they can eat up in. because you know your guys like you know King Felix and Cole Hamels I mean I'm not knocking them but they're obviously in the later stages of their career and you can expect those guys to go eight innings in and out of you know I mean if you if you get five solid Innings out of one of those guys you have so many guys to cover those last four Innings agreed it would be nice to see King Felix just to playoffs because he's never been in the play everybody ain't that crazy it's insane I mean it makes sense what looking at Perfect Games no-hitters pleat game yeah does anyone know how old is I think he's oh no I think he's only 33 what yeah he's gonna wear these he came up with his 19 yeah that's true yeah I forgot about that he is is only 33 wow yeah wow okay now Hamels is older yes Hamels is like 37 or something like that the right here hello Cole Hamels is come on Wi-Fi do me good to me good 36 so I mean I'll take I'll take it that those are it was I think Hamels was an eight million dollar deal and do some Felix was a minor league so I don't know exactly the money on that but probably not much like minimum problem absolutely all right I'll hop off the ol Braves Braves train right now they're you know what though they're fun to talk about me absolutely I should you know I'm not a Braves fan like a talk about the Braves for hours that we all agree on that at least yep hey the Cardinals don't win the World Series who do you guys want to win Honestly, yeah, it's any other 1080 maybe the Toronto Blue Jays. Okay. Nevermind not the answer. I was looking for Brett down. I'm kidding you can let me down. Um, well, you know team I've always really liked the Oakland Athletics sure. I would like to see that but it won't happen. No, but the Braves though those problems I wouldn't be pissed like I'd probably more than likely route for him. I also really like Tampa Bay. Yeah, depending on who they are facing. Go down that road. I would absolutely for the Braves pitcher. Let's move on to our rotations because we we are pushing it Bruce talk went along my being guys might be go ahead with your rotation Brett 5 to 1 5 2 1 I got mr. Aaron Nola number five. Okay number four Noah syndergaard oo K 3. Mr. Stephen Strasburg to Max Scherzer and one is a mr. Degree. from the old met skis okay alright so we've got we've got two of them well the same in my honorable mentions are Patrick Corbin and a Soroka this is insanely talented to it's so hard to pick it was my very very very difficult I got Patrick Corbin coming in five spot with Strasbourg in the for my bias showed I put Soroka in three Scherzer it to and degrom that one okay so Ty we have the same rotation just different order I went Soroka fine five if you could toss them around on you want they're all awesome right Soroka 5 Corbin for Strasburg Scherzer degrom so my honorable mentions were syndergaard Nola and I threw Marcus Stroman on there as well I also have him in there I don't I'm leaving him off man but I mean leaving syndergaard and Nolan strowman out of your reputation that's incredible I had I had no le Matt's syndergaard strowman and freed all in my honorable mentions I have a whole nother rotation there that yeah like a lot of teams that is by if I'm just looking at the rest of my division list here and that's by far the best rotation I have for any other division I'm really pulling for strowman this year I want him to come out and just whoop ass yeah I I want him to very badly does that 41 or 42 half sure dude yeah well make them 41 Marcus Stroman is my dude but yeah I had to throw I had to throw Corbin in there for sure his thought the whole Lefty thing again I had four varieties so I put Corbin in as a lefty but you can't go wrong with him 33 games 14 and 7 3 to 5 238 KS 1.13 or one point one eight three whip I mean he had 238 case Strasbourg and 251 Scherzer with 243 the ground with 255 nasty just nasty insane amount of strikeouts that's a stacked stack rotations Let's see we got Aaron Nola on my honorable mentions with 229 case okay he kind of down here last year to yeah while with Corbin I was just going to mention I really it's cool how he ended up actually performing to his contract because he I feel like he was a I was worried used to be a victim of one of those things where he was just the best for agent available that year and you seen guys get paid when they're they're not Elite pictures but you know I remember the year Jeff Samardzija was the best free agent picture available and everyone was talking about it I'm looking at his stats in like I mean he's good but like I for yeah they're talking about him like he's Verlander or something you know and I was worried the same thing is gonna happen to Corbin and he just killed it he made a transition area he wouldn't one him a World Series sure did his first year with the team to yeah you got to say that's a pretty good feeling right there how about these League Division leaders what do you guys think home runs Brett who you got I got the old polar bear with 50 Polar Bear me too yep I don't even know there's another I mean a close Acuna yeah maybe you know I mean he put up 41 last year yeah so those just getting better and better yeah sure yeah absolutely so for any crushes Freddy does crush for any kind of like 38 last year something I think was 36 yeah yeah maybe that's you got Bryce yeah rice put up 35 some power it's still awesome division yeah I'ma grab Freddy's home runs real quick if y'all want to move on then okay um stolen bases is next I got Acuna jr. with 35 that's who my leader is Freddy did have 38 dingers I have Ronald you're also slotted in no projection though he had 37 last year he died he was 44 I want to see that 40 40 so bad you saw me at the end of the season I was I was pushing it was he was so close and let's add him a couple games I said I'm like the last two three games so we would be hell yeah and I went with mr. Jonathan Villar yeah he had 40 last year yeah I mean wow that's sneaky he was 43 wasn't it there was a 40 exactly I got 40 even sure but I mean and then you've also got Trey Turner he had yeah into them yeah Trey Turner could very easily take that and he's got to get on base in 2016 VR had sixty two stolen bases what also with the Orioles or he was with real Walking stall them yeah okay that was the year before another two years for I got traded he got traded over to Baltimore in 2018 that's why I'm good Blair Yeah, he is looming player era. Is there any surprise here Tre I got ejected from the ground 2.83? Ready? Yep, Soroka. Whoo. Alright, I'll tag the hell I'll take some of that and that's I am very aware that that's a, you know a stretch going on a limb there. But yeah, I just I mean, he's got some stuff. He's not gonna to the strikeouts, but I think he could possibly take er a sure it's got good defense behind him to especially that right side. Okay. So then strikeouts who we go. I got Max Scherzer 260. I also have Max Scherzer. So I went to ground on this one. Okay? Yeah, I was I mean again between those guys can't go wrong you very much just throw a dart at a dartboard grabbing hand drive your eyes Strasburg could take it yeah I I was looking through and I wanted to go to ground for strikeouts and then I saw that Scherzer actually had a little bit of a down here last year yeah with 243 but the previous years at 300 K IS 268 case 284 276 252 I mean for real unreal dude wow so I expect a little bit of a bounce back if we can even call it that he also threw like 50 less Innings than he did in 2018 wow so yeah you can definitely get back up there to threes pretty close and how old is Scherzer Max Scherzer I put you on the spot there that's all right man he is I just I know he's not like super young anymore but I don't think he's you know I don't know it's not right here on baseball reference's get it together huh here dude he is 35 from Chesterfield Missouri friend of the show he doesn't know but he's our friend he could be my boy I'll be my number one there you go so how about how about saves I would a little wild on this one I'm expecting to bounce back from this player because he had dogshit season last year as Edwin Diaz cool that's my runner-up I have Bill Smith okay so I know Mike I said Mark Melanson slotted to be the closer's here begging on a positional change their yeah I don't think that Melanson can hold it up for a whole year at this point I mean why when you decide Will Smith to a three-year, whatever throw him in there, I played it. I guess I played it safe. And what was Sean Doolittle from the national sparsa good picture. I like that. Everybody has picked to MMM. He's super super talented and I don't know what happened last year, but he was obviously off. Yep 57 saves in 2018 for the Mariners. It's crazy for a team. That didn't do shit, right 57 saves. I think they had 57 wins and every one of their games will say by Diaz. Some guys just can't do New York. Yeah forever reason, but be it maybe it's just an adjustment period or like in season. We'll see I'll give it to ya. I mean he I think he's only played what three four seasons Diaz. Sounds right. I'm pretty sure because he only had a couple up there with the Mariners and then last year. So if he can get back to you know, any type of whatever form that he had up there. It'll be just dirty. Yeah, this is he's had his fourth season. Yeah, so still young man really young. There was not that many Shockers there except for your boy Charlie Morton in here. The old Charlie Morton episode was no man. I mean that I don't know man. Both of those divisions are very you attempt of a wooden the East I did do that. I do gotta let them not saying every now and then yeah, I mean, you look really smart potential or stupidest shit will see any closing thoughts or is that it boys. I'm just ready for some baseball made me too. We're getting can't really drink less than a month March 26th absolutely so I just wanted to thank you all for listening then if you like our rotations or our predictions let us know if you don't also let us know at me bro fucking let me know at any of us any of us we're on social media we've got Twitter where the upper decker pod Facebook we're just upper decker it's a page be careful you search upper deck or two so we're still has a lot of poop things a lot of poop things come to find out and then obviously if you're listening this is probably on Spotify but we're the upper decker podcast on Spotify so that's where you can find us a tweet at us DMS share to share it yeah please share it that would be very nice though very very noisy we would really appreciate it I might even go out to lunch with you if you have to be at the pay for but I will go yeah but yeah bread will go with you guys yeah I also want to just go ahead and ask I found there's another option on the anchor platform that we use where R we can ask for donations to help kick-start this a little bit so you can go to Anchor dot f m-- and then forward slash upper decker pod forward slash support and you can choose either $1 $5 $10 per month whatever you feel like a given to you boys so we can get better equipment better quality Equipment we can get a sound board makes it sound cool as hell get some funny little sayings record Brett saying some dumb stuff record tie saying ma dude do calculated for sure that's gotta be at least a hundred bucks I dude calculator yeah that that does run pretty high that's why I haven't bought one yet and that's you so please just support us and we appreciate it helped us get that dude calculator so we will we'll see you guys next week then boys later take it easy bye