Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for. All of us right we are all parenting and in a relationship with our loved one based off of kind of what our whole story was. So I really recommend going back and listening to part one if you have not yet, but I think you guys are going to love this one. It's absolutely amazing. Enjoy. See Mom Hood my head's all right. So October this was the most necessary part 2 of all part twos. Ever to happen because Brandi and I when we did that first interview, there was no way to not ask the follow-up question and then this and that because your story is so fascinating. Yeah, I mean both of us our brains. It's just so captivating that I felt like there just wasn't even enough time to scratch the surface of you as a mother. You know, your story of growing up is just such a testament to the kind of individual you are it is so inspiring if you guys have not listened to part one be sure to find part 1 when we interviewed October again. Because it is absolutely fascinating the story and the journey that you've been on. Yeah, I mean, I guess like the question of like so tell us about your life. It's kind of a loaded question for me who knew I did you didn't but um, yeah, I'm glad to be here until I actually get to the to the good stuff. Well, it isn't crazy was like stuff because that's a huge part of your life. But then it's almost like then there's this another another life that starts once you start your own family. Oh, I totally get married and you find your husband and us the clouds part the sun shines through the He's saying oh yeah. Oh my God. What is that chapter about that now? I don't even know where to start when you and Tony met when you guys met. Did you always know that he was the kind of man that was going to be an amazing father or did you just know that you wanted kids you were in love and you guys would figure it out. Well, I knew I didn't want kids with the person I had been dating previously. Yeah, and that's always a sign right if If you're somebody who goes your whole life and is like I definitely picture myself being a mother and all those things but you're like I don't picture with you. So I always knew I wanted to be a mom always wanted kids and when I met Tony he had a son already which was you know, I'm 22. It's a little bit like overwhelming and kind of like, I don't think this is going to work. I'm not ready. Yeah, I'm 22. How old was his son at the time he was about three. Okay. Yeah, and but when I saw him be a father, you know, that's always attractive. So actually we're not a guy like be really loving and sweet and nurturing its it's always a good thing. It's always like Sparks that little like your womb starts to like throb and come alive for a second. They're like, oh no, what are the vagina Oliver an early in your guys's relationship. I know that there was a chunk of time when you moved and you were like a basically picked up your entire life and you were living there. Yeah before you were married and all those things. What was like relationship wise it was like the biggest challenge in your relationship that you guys had to really overcome? Yeah. Well, I think moving to Kansas City for one was a big deal. I mean, like I said if that ain't love I don't know. What is California Girl moving to Kansas City. I didn't know what an ice scraper eating cold. No not to mention like football is like life. I mean, we just watched championship games and I would just I almost teared up because literally these are the best fans in the world that Kansas City Chiefs fans and When I got to Kansas City Tony's face was on buses. I mean like he was on every billboard. It was like he was a big deal in La everybody kind of passes him and they go. Oh, well, that's that's cool. That's what happens all the time and he's a great football player. But in Kansas City, it's like he's worshipped. It's like you're a God if you're a football player and especially if you're good. So the magnifying glasses on you and did he have like a sense of community besides that I was separate from his football people. So like any friends or you know guy friends girlfriends any family. No, I mean, He had his one of his adoptive Brothers his brother Vince who lived out there but I think his community was mostly he had developed over the years because he'd been there already 10 years when I got there. He had built like a really good amount of like solid friendships within like the team, you know, Billy baber. I can't even name all of them John welborne. Everybody's work players or do you just got theirs? So what I'm thinking is like you really had to immerse yourself in his world. I did world my God football I did and Then you know he had been a single guy out there for like a lot of years. So needless to say are we were young and going out on the town and these girls work and not fans of mine not fans of mine. So I got a lot of dirty looks I got a lot of you know, and he got a lot of attention and like I said, he'd been single like his whole life mostly and so he wasn't used to having a girlfriend or somebody around like he was acting a fool, you know, kind of oblivious like without, you know, just thinking about acting certain ways or giving All the tension I was I stood back and I just kind of observed for The observed for the first year and I was kind of like all right, like I don't want to like ask him to just like completely turn around his life and act so different and ask all these things of him. I knew it was going to be a slow process and like weaning him from like the single girls all over me type of Life. His personality is just already very outgoing very friendly. Yes. He's one of those people who trusts everybody and like is kind of naive in the most Elway and I'm like the polar opposite. Well, I'm like, I don't trust anybody. Yeah, I'm real story again reference part one is side-eyeing. But I'm I'm open I get up there. I'm very I have high intuition like a freaky level of intuition and I know if I'm going to like somebody or can trust somebody within the first five minutes of meeting them. So for me, it was nice to see him be so open and I don't want to change somebody that's like the part. I love most about him but although obviously the part that's can be quite annoying. So he was just like loving on all the girls and saying hi and I was like and eventually like a year gone by and I was like, so here's the deal. I feel kind of awkward and uncomfortable and I feel like it's a little disrespectful when you do X Y and Z when I'm standing right there and the there just needs to be a whole like conversation that needs to be had about like how to kind of treat your girlfriend around other women and he needs didn't you need to introduce you need to be liked. Like, you know like it is teaching. It's so funny. I feel like sometimes men who met or just individuals just don't even realize it like maybe it's a good taught and trained in like know what boundaries are and how it might feel in your shoes to see him being like really friendly with someone of the opposite sex and how that might make you feel. I'm so curious because obviously, you know, we know now you've been married a long time at all. It's a successful marriage happy marriage all of these things. So it worked out in that moment. Were you nervous? Like what if he's like, Take it or leave it. I want an insecure like did you was there any moment when you thought this is risky, but if this is going to work I have to do it. I definitely thought it was risky the whole time because he's a professional athlete. I mean to be in the last episode I talked about how like I was not even like into even wanting to date him because of you know, the reputation that most athletes have so when I started a datum I always had a little bit of like a little bit of like a protection protection layer over me and like a little bit of a shell there. Just because yeah, there was a level of trust that I kind of just had to build upon like over time and that he had to earn and that he had to earn so and I give them the space because I could tell my you know, I knew that he wasn't doing anything purposefully or like trying to be a certain way. It was just him being him and he always jokes around. He's like, he's like, you gotta slow down to turn around. You can't just turn the steering wheel. You gotta slow down. Can't just ask him to change completely. I gotta like it's got to be a process. So I was trying to respect the process and be sensitive but also be like I here's my boundaries and here's how I'm there's one. I'm not going to tolerate also can we acknowledge that you're slamming and you're gorgeous and there's plenty of athletes and his friends that were probably like dude like yeah, I'll take her in a heartbeat like this is a catch ya I mean did was there a part of you that also was just very and you would always had confidence your whole life. Did you also kind of ground yourself in the sense that I'm confident in who I am like, yeah, if this doesn't work out. Yeah, like I know exactly who I am and what I'm worthy of and what I got. I was in a really toxic relationship for five years prior to meeting Tony. So when I met him I had gotten to the point which you know is a good and bad thing, but I had gotten to the point where like I had a no tolerance level for certain things and like my self-worth was kind of like I could take it or leave it and I don't care what it is. Yeah. I can take it early. But whatever. It is relationship job, whatever it is. It's just like I know my worth I know who I am and and I felt like it empowered me and put the ball in my court. So I was kind of like so here's how it's going to go and if it's not going to work out for you you just let me know. I mean got fucking balls. I just have everybody could feel that way. I just feel like that's the thing. That's that moment when you have that high self-worth that you don't end up in a bad situation just like you're saying whether it's relationship whether it's career. Friendships you just are so Crystal Clear on what you deserve and who you are that it's not messy. It's not torturous. That's not it's just like cool man. Yeah, no biggie, but got Tha plenty of people could have gone through that and it really broke them. Yeah, and I should ship before. Yeah the relationship before and really having this like season where you're not sure how valuable you are or what you're worth it. And so there's something to really acknowledge the fact that once you were done with your last relationship you were done. And you stayed in that feeling of empowerment? Yeah while yeah, and you know, and I've always felt like I would never be the girl to be, you know, treated a certain way or in a certain situation where I was being taken advantage of and then you wake up one day and you're like, oh my God, I'm not girl. Whoa, right and it's you're not that girl because you like it happened overnight your that girl because it was the slow process of like dysfunction and bringing you down and mental manipulation and all that and you kind of Lose Yourself. It's like what Tony said? Oh, Only the opposite slowing down to turn the wheel someone slowed you down enough that they're able to turn it on you without you noticing it. Yeah, and then all of a sudden you're like, how do I go? How am I going backwards? Yeah, we're going to that how did this happen? And and and it prepared me so much for the relationship, you know with Tony because had I not been through all that shit with my ex. I wouldn't have been that empowered confident person. I wouldn't have been like here's here's what I'm not going to do it actually speaking and speak up for myself because I was so adamant. He like Tony had no wiggle room like it was not like oh, I wasn't I wasn't going to be tiptoeing anymore around anything. It was like here's what it is and maybe had I not been that way or gone through everything. I wouldn't have been that person that he would have been so attracted to and been so like damn what is this is interesting how like everything that we've all experienced totally shapes us into the women that we are today and despite how ugly it might be or horrendous. Yeah at the end of the day you come out Stronger Yeah. So you're in Kansas City for about a year. I'm living with a pro athlete who pursued you. You are down with just being friends for a while. Yeah, and even even when I went to Kansas City. I hadn't I always kept that level of like I love him but I'm I will walk away in 2 seconds. Like I have no there's nothing that's going to keep me here for any like emotional reason. I'm definitely in at a place where I could be like this isn't working. I'm out so it took a long time for me to really let down the walls and be really vulnerable and like really let myself kind of like Alton to it, is that when you guys decided to get married, yeah, and even then I it just I mean, I think I just took a while and he knows it and he's like you love me eventually like in a way that you know, I love you. He said something like that because I'm you know, sweetie and I was like, I know I will just I need a minute. I need a little bit of time. I also like how you said this in the last episode that it wasn't love at first sight no and here we are 10 years later and like you guys Eyes are such a great solid Marriott almost 13 believe it. Is that 13 together 13 married 13 married this July. I know I know guacamole. Well, there's one thing I've always wondered you. So you are you're smart. You have a great personality. You're honest. You're a lot of fun to be around. You have a clear on your own right? Was there a was there any part of you that felt like you had to be smaller or quieter because you were with someone who was so big In the public eye was that like a thing at all? Um, that's a really good question and one that I think is really important to bring up because I think most people would feel that way and there's something in me that I don't believe that relationships work if you ever are in competition with one another there's a I think there's moments throughout relationships where you allow the other to shine and you have to and you have to be like, this is your moment. This is your time. I'm and fortunately or unfortunately, I'm with somebody that's like got a really bright shiny. He's like Sean and all the damn time no room, but it's fine and it's like to be quite honest I could have looked at that and been like you super annoying what about me doesn't even see me in my talents and all my things and some shiny to don't miss it. But I didn't feel that way. I have I have no problem letting people take their moments or have their moments and I love that he is who he is. And I don't think he would have kept me interested or kept me on my toes or kept me like I don't know. It makes me it makes me more in love with and more interested in him. The more shiny he is so like I want I want him to keep going. I want him to shine and actually a follow-up sexy just made me think of that. Did you ever feel like you had to overcome because we've talked about in the last night very creepy with how beautiful you are. If you didn't listen to her listen to how we're gonna do that again. Yeah, it's really weird. I think. Of you because you were with this pro athlete you do look like you look that maybe people didn't know or didn't assume that you were going to be as smart or funny and quick as you are. You're going to kind of write you off. Yeah. I mean, I've been doing that my whole life, right? I think I've been paper been preparing to be married to this person my whole life and vice versa. I think you guys been probably preparing to be married to people you're married to of your whole life. And if you really think back to it, you're like, holy shit. This is like actually like All the things leading up to this particular moment with this person with these children is been practice. I've been playing right and so for me, I should be way to look at it. I had spent my whole life, right and it is and I'd spent my whole life kind of what is it called kind of breaking down people's barriers and thoughts about disarming them. Just I've been disarming people since birth and I don't and I don't know what but I come off strong and people assume I'm certain way and what ever but I've always lived with funny and like super honest. Yes, there's something I love most and I don't know if it's my passion. I don't know if this is what I meant to do and there's so many things I like to do and I'm good at but my most favorite thing my most thing I'm proud of that I'm able to do and bring out people is to validate them. Like I love to make people feel validated. I love the dirty messy parts of everyone and I feel like those are the parts. You should be most proud of and by me being honest and talking about them talking about my shit. Mix people got out wall. Okay. Well, she's funny and can be like that and joke around about all this craziness that happened in her life. Like why do I feel like I don't or I can't speak on the things. I've been through without feeling ashamed. So there's something in me that like loves to bring out the kind of just realness and rawness and then I don't know like the vulnerability and the the pride and like the come through does it feel like that's what keep on is about. Yeah, like yeah, it's really I just hope people listen to our podcast. Casting kind of go God I feel better about my life. Like yeah, there's are so shitty. I feel sorry about my no, but but yeah to go like it's not that bad and be for perfectly honest like it's kind of amazing than I actually been through all that and I'm like still standing and I have a you know, I'm a good parent. I have a decent life and I'm lovable and I'm all these things. It's like it's really kind of cool. So yeah, I mean the stories of the people that you interview just knowing all the obstacles that they've overcome and how If gotten out of it because they're so inspiring if you guys aren't listening to their podcast keep on the link will be below so you can make sure that you subscribe to their podcasts as well. Orally and I were on it and we got to share our stories to yeah, as you were saying that I started thinking of your co-host Kelsey. Yeah about the whole validation thing if your best friend and I know she's one of your best friends if your best friend was here, what would she say about you? Like what are some of the best things about you? I hate talking about myself like that, but I would probably so I would hope that they would say that I'm that I'm super fun that I make people feel good about themselves. You know, like I think it goes hand-in-hand with like the validation thing. I think it's its I when you're with me, I want you to feel like good about yourself. I want you to feel like valid. I don't want you feel like I'm I'm happy here. I'm happy being me I whatever that is and we're gonna have a good time. She's always a good time. I'd hope that they'd say that it's so funny because you One knows that feeling when they're around people that make them feel that way. It's not just make them feel better. And yeah, they're happier. They walk away coming with like their shoulders back and then everyone knows when they're around someone who does the apis. Yeah Mike. I love Drive life suckers. Yes, and they don't all either fill you up or drain you they either layer you give you life. I know or take life and sometimes it's so subtle. You know, it's not like this mean girl villainous thing. It's just this undercurrent. Yeah that you leave an energy. Yeah. Yeah, I know. It's so interesting it is so thank God that you're the I mean, I hope I am you are you are on our side? So let's get back to you and Tony so you guys get engaged. Yes, and then you decide to get married. Yeah, and that was a quick engagement. Oh my gosh. She was like want to plan a wedding and like two months because I got to go back to like, you know spring training. Is it spring training in football now, that's baseball. I love that. You don't know but I definitely I'm sure that the 13 years. Season camp training camp training camp. I don't Camp. Thank you 13 years. But yeah, so yeah, we forgot the question was just when you guys got married. Okay. So Jack's yeah. He like asked me to marry him with Bell's palsy and it was like uncomfortable and I was like, I hope your face isn't stay this way forever. But I love you. You're already doing through sickness and in health. Yeah, and then I was like two months Bell's Palsy went away. Yeah, I mean it was like it was like he was on it. And then we had a commitment ceremony. We didn't sign like the marital papers we want to do it. I think we talked about it last episode but we did it like our own way. We're married now because you know, the government says it up. Yeah taxes. It's a weird things. But yeah, we just did it our own way. It was quick. Vast and amazing and fun. And yeah, it's great seeing you. Oh, I was just gonna say your first baby you guys conceive a month after being married? Yeah. Tell us about your son. I had Malia first. We have always told. Yeah, she's great. She's awesome. She's like everything I ever wish I could be. She's the most like open spiritual little like free Wild creative kind person. She just yeah, it's I am like I gave birth to that. I didn't I didn't who knew and And raise that more. Yeah more importantly right like yeah much of her is because of the way you guys raised her. You know, I think that there's like a nature versus nurture nurture type conversation to be had but I don't know I think a lot of times kids are just born who they are. I mean, she just this little entity that came in was like Jaime, you know, and just like me and my sisters, you know for me to come out of that stuff that I came out of okay and for them to like be struggling with it, it's just me being born me. It's not We had that much of a different kind of upbringing. Yeah, that makes sense. What was it? Like when you found out you were having a girl I always wanted boys and I didn't want girls because I'd grown up with just sisters basically and we ripped each other's hair out and were crazy. So I was I was fine. I was just happy to be a mom. I think but I definitely wish I had like all boys and now looking back I'm like, I can't picture can I not have a daughter is like forever like your best friend forever is the warmest Thing it's coziest. It really is. So so there wasn't a part of me. That was like, oh my gosh. I'm having a girl and thinking about the relationship that you had with your mom and wondering if you guys would have a really close relationship since you already have like on this boy track. I'm going to be a boy mom. Yeah, I think boys just seemed easier to be emotionally that I could just be more like, let's rustle and words and yeah do all those things and I think there's something that a daughter brings out in you emotionally and like there's a connectedness there. It's like a female thing. You know that just so different and the love is different. So I was not worried about it. I was almost like I was excited to be the mom that I never had. So I think it was more of like a can't wait to see how this is going to go and what it you know, give her all the things I never got. So what were you like pregnant? I was not happy. I did not enjoy it. I enjoyed the kicks in the moves and all that because that's like sweet and it's kind of amazing. That's what the pregnancy Part, I'm no I like to drink wine. I like to go do things like to be active. I was like, this is holding me back was Tony like like no. No don't do that. Like old like my husband. I got super annoyed towards the end when he was handicapped. I can do things like very like he was like dogs can do it. You can have a baby and I was like, oh well, okay, I guess I'll just carry this huge, you know thousand pound box upstairs. Don't worry. I got it. Oh my God, that's too funny. And we're all of your pregnancies similar were your pregnancy similar? Yeah. I actually have really easy pregnancies. Yeah. I just get huge. I'm I'm married to a 6-5 huge man. And I knew I was going to have ginormous babies. I am 5'4. Yeah, and so I had scheduled C-sections, which I know is pooh-poohed upon. And this Los Angeles nothing is pooh-poohed. Um, so yeah, I know I'm going to be I was going to be huge and my kids were going to be huge. I was 10 pounds. Tony was 12 pounds when he was born really and I was like, that's a no. I know what's gonna happen to me if I try to physically birth through the canal. Yeah, and yeah, that wouldn't be fret. That would not be pretty no and thank God you just knew what you wanted and you have that experience of wrestling with it. Now when I would've been in labor for a hundred hours and then gone in for a C-section Why or something? No, the last thing that you want is an emergency C-section, which my friends have had. Yeah, and they're like the like dual imams and that and they're like that much in for an emergency C-section. I'm like, you just can't plan it. No, you have to lure Hani. Oh, yeah. Yeah or do in which case you can we just works out? Yeah. How did you come up with your babies names? So I grew up in South Orange County for well. I say grew up it it's like the longest amount of time. I spent as a kid in. In one place. So I groups like Dana Point South Orange County, which is like a completely different Universe. It's like everybody talks like Spicoli from Fast Times. It's like very odd very bright a lot of bros, but it's beautiful down there and there's like a Hawaiian lifestyle kind of so, I was really into surfing and watching surfing and there was this girl named Malia Jones who was a professional Surfer from Hawaii and she was gorgeous and I was like gosh, I love that name. It's such a cool name and she's so beautiful and so sporty and No, just seems like a really pretty name. I think when I have a daughter, I only wear that yeah, that's who and Tony was on board Tony you want to name her Sophia? Ironically and know what begged me to name her Sophia it is written. I'm sorry your story you guys have to keep listening. I know why we all just freaked out about I know begs me to name her Sophia and I said, oh, it's Sophia. She'll be like Sophia. Gee, I don't want to be Sophia G. I wanted to have something more original words. Like there's one of her in a class not like three. So I was like, let's go with Malia. He's like, I love it. I know is like perfect because it sounds like sounds like the ER he like Brianna. Don't you know all those names all the Selena anything? He's very feminine. I wanted like sporty boys names. I wanted to name her Ryan. Yeah, you know, I something like that and he was like, I like it. But yeah, he wasn't feeling it. Damn it. Why do you have a say in this? I know dude. Yeah, so I just I loved it and it's her so well, isn't it funny we pick our kids names and we're like, you're such a fun lady. I got Millie. I mean she's an old lady sleeping in at night and I'm going to teach you how to crochet. Yes. He's gonna do it. Okay. So then how old was Malia when you find out you're pregnant with your second. She was about one and a half. Okay. Well, no, she was one because I had heard they're only a year and a half apart like almost yeah and was an easy decision to start trying again were you trying I was not trying I got pregnant injuries. I wanted to wait and actually we're going to try and plan it but Tony failed. And we ever did he yeah, I mean, yeah I said I wanted a boy and we had a wedding to go to his cousin's wedding and like Puerto Rico and I was like, he would like we have a whole plan miss the wedding got pregnant. Here we are but River was born. So it was fine. It worked out and has named the in Spokane River. So I'm Native American and I just loved I've always loved that name. I think it's just so cool. And it has like I mean, I named him River and that kid, he's Relentless. Oh my God, so the name is like fitting it. It's like I want to put this quote Newsroom. It says the only thing it says something around, you know the idea of The only thing that can cut through Rock and mountain and concrete is the Persistence of a river damn it. That's a good so it's like it's like he like it's strong its persistent. It doesn't stop it's like flowing strong. It's like literally the only thing that can like break through mountains. It's pretty cool. Yeah. So like his name is very strong to beautiful and you should do that. Although he tries his mama mama can't I can't I can't I can't Walk in this situation really is cause I am the rock the mountain and how was it being a young mom with two young kids under two under to yeah. How did you experience that? Personally God everybody was out up in the club where I was having kids. It was very lonely. And how was he very hmm. So I was the first one of any of my friends to have kids and everybody was just kind of like moving to LA and having fun and starting their careers and I was like stuck at home with these babies like On me these little parasites that I love so much but I was like stuck. I'm like hello. Is anybody out there and Tony was working and playing football and just so busy. Did you feel like you had someone you could share that with that wouldn't judge you for feeling that way like because I feel like other moms, so get that the idea but I love you guys but like the bug on me like yeah, was there anyone that you felt like you could talk to? Um, yeah, I mean, yeah, I could talk to all my friends, but they didn't get it none of our moms. Then you know when I don't have parents so I was kind of like I didn't have a mom to call or really anybody so I was kind of just solo my mother-in-law was great. And I my best friend's mom is great, but it's just different. You know, it's not your biological mom. They don't have the same like into it intuitive like knowing that you need like some sleep or like I need to come over and stay and all those things and then I got a friend Michelle. Michelle Gracie and she was having kids and she had broken up with her boyfriend that she had just had a baby with and it was and she had a baby the same time. I had Malia so she basically became like a sister wife to me moved in like when Malia was about like, I don't know like three something like that and River was a baby and she we cleaned together. We like hung out together and Tony was like is my sister wife here. You're like cooking dinner and it was Saved me. That's why I think it's so important that moms have some type of mom tribe or join a mommy-and-me or find like Mom meetups and their mommies or non-existent when I was having kids. I mean, it was a while ago. It's like 11 years ago now so a lot of the stuff and like the mom support is so different now it was not there. Yeah, so we're lucky. I mean, I feel like there's so many opportunities to go out there and meet mom's but when you like little babies back in the day different also depending on the sea. See that you live in. Yeah, there's so much access here in Los Angeles and all the metropolitan cities. Yeah, there was church. I was like mops and all those like little things that were cute. But yeah, I kind of broken away from the church at that point and it was just didn't feel like authentic for me to like go. Was there anything looking back on it? Now that you think you could have done differently that could have made the experience. Hmm. Um, I don't like even advice like if someone's feeling that way now like maybe someone listening is feeling that way is feeling a little isolated. Or struggling in the moment even just advice now 11 years later. Yeah. Well, I would definitely I definitely wished there had been like a mommy and me class because I know a lot of these young moms who developed like lifelong friendships from meeting these parents at these classes because it is lonely and to be perfectly honest your three month old babies and they're like for the music you're there for some like let's be honest, you know, what the hell out of the house and make some human connection with another adult your babies like a blob like they don't give a crap. What kind of classes are sitting like a place where you can be held accountable. I have to show up here. This is we're going to be there's other moms. What were some challenges as a new mom that you faced not just besides being isolated. Did you have issued did you breastfeed? Yeah, I got my baby is colicky River was colicky and screamed for a while. So I just heat the only place he would like lay still was like in his little swing Malia got mastitis. My daughter. I felt like they were razor blades coming out of my nipples every time my kids latched so It was horrible my God for me to breastfeed. Did you even know what mastitis was? No, she's got a little red on her chest and I took her in and she was hospitalized like I'd like a month like an IV. It was terrifying only much. Yeah, she got mastitis which can turn into staff and in newborns. They can't give you like oral medication you get it. I thought only the ones we don't know. I don't know. I've never heard of a baby getting it like a club thing. Yeah. Yeah. So it was yeah there were some struggles. Yeah, and then Yeah, it was a give it I feel like there's always something happening with the kids like something sickness some broken thing. Sophia broke her arm it like one and I didn't even know it and I got to the doctors for like a checkup and they like called me and like I was like child abuse thing. Like I was like what is happening like cry to Mike. She broke her arm didn't cry didn't do anything. She's super brittle and I think it's because of you know her mother while she was pregnant using all sorts of things and she's breaks bones like so easily. Let's go. Yeah for those who don't know this story We alluded to it in the last episode that there's a full episode really undying on keep on but to share a little bit of this story now, so you were talking about how even just the comparison of you and your sisters how you guys were in the same house but raised differently and we're some differences when you went to live with your aunt. Yes and your sister and the differences. Yeah, and she was your stepsister right half sister half-sister who so she went to live with your Who is not capable of taking care of anybody and she stayed to live with her? Yes and had a lot of continue to have substance abuse problems. Not only your mom but your sister through her adult life through her doll life. Yes, many pregnancies is m55 pregnancies gave all those children away for adoption, right? Yeah. And when Sofia came along she kind of was like, this is the one I'm going to keep her like I'm going to keep her and I was like what she said. Well, I'm going to get sober and this is Like deep into her pregnancy like I'm going to get sober - because if you're if you give birth to a baby who has any drugs in their system the CPA has to come and kind of get involved. So she knew the protocol and she was like, I know that I have to be sober x amount of time to make sure there's no drugs in the baby system when she's born and again, not not because she's worried about the baby because she wants to be able to keep the baby. This wasn't like I need to get somewhere because drugs could be in the baby system. This was if there's drugs in the baby system. They're going to take her away from me. Unfortunately, just heartbreaking. Just what you know makes you have like a visceral reaction you want like so I want to punch her in the face, you know while she's pregnant and I'm like, this is a mess. She's a mess and this poor baby. So she gives birth to the baby. I'm in the hospital and she's like, she's so cute. What should I name her? And just I kind of want to name her either Chase or Sofia and I'm like, well, I don't know what's going to happen with this little girl, but give her the most strong basic named Chase isn't going to work for a girl who's living with a drug addict mother whole life. I just need something more. Solid have you definitely should name her Sofia and she's like, okay, I'm gonna name her Sophia, which is the name that Tony's wanted to named Malia and like shock over and so yeah, so she took her home and was home. I think had her for about two months and called me up and was like, I've no running water. I have no electricity. Can you come pick her up and just take her for a couple days until I can get it my things together and all that. I was like, oh man like my heart. Like something was and I knew the second he was born and I was sitting in the hospital like this isn't gonna be the last I hear of this baby and like the situation and so we went picked her up and we'll was supposed to be three days ended up being like two weeks. I have this baby with like no diapers. No formula know anything and I'm having the like scramble wake up in the middle of the night with his baby and I have two little kids of my own and so it was just kind of crazy and then we brought her back and she's like, okay. I'm ready. She I just like I said at the nursery, I got everything done and the houses, you know. No, it's just horrible. It's not in a bad neighborhood is just you can tell it's kind of like a crack house, you know, so we bring her back reluctantly leave her there and I get a call A month later. Like she's screaming. I don't know what to do. I'm like love you taking her to the doctor's like no, she keeps just come pick her up for a little bit. Can you take her to the doctor? And at that point it was like she had to be on a nebulizer. She was all like congested and those will she's she's about Three months four months something like that. Yeah, and then that was it and we had make the choice and I had like almost a nervous breakdown in the middle of all of it because when we first got her she didn't cry. She make a peep because babies cry to get changed or they cry to get you know, that's the way bad or they get their very instinctual and if it doesn't work you just she just sat there. She's laid there. Would you like a flat head she was left in her she slept in her car seat, I think a lot and so once I think she felt comfortable and knew that she She was going to get attention or we were coming. We were there she screamed she screamed at all what I need, I mean that the screaming that she did from her just like belly and the sadness and just like the like grilling. Oh shrilling like you're putting like cigarettes out on her body like screaming like scary if like you heard a baby scream like that you'd be like, what's wrong? Yeah, and it was nothing. It was just just just her letting it out all her. Her anger. What was the conversation like when you realized if we don't take this baby Sophia is going to end up in the Foster system and maybe repeat the cycle of her mother. What kind of conversations did you have with Tony about that with your children? We just like a family decision. Tony was like absolutely not no way. This is way too crazy. We can't do this. We have two little babies. Your sister's not always want to be involved. This could be like a disastrous. It's just family Dynamic. It's so many things. It was like a hard now and like the Stayed with us and I knew that I couldn't talk him into it. He would have to come to it on his own. He couldn't be, you know told anything or you know, I couldn't make up his mind. It would have to be a natural decision that he felt was the right one. And then that is the right choice right looking back. I mean the last thing you want is resentment or practicing find out that this was your decision and he was just doing whatever you said. I was never going to force it on him ever even though everything in me was like obviously We're doing this that option but but you know, my sister had come to live with us for about a year when my kids were like really really really young and she was trying to get sober and she was pregnant. She found out she was pregnant with twin boys and I was thinking about taking those boys. This family came out of nowhere and I said, you know Universe God show me if this baby these babies aren't supposed to be ours like let us know because I'm not going to allow them to go in the foster care system. So these people at my best friend's Church Came over in there be like they were sobbing they're like, we've been trying to have kids for ten years. Please allow us. We have nothing to give you but we have a home and we have love and please let us have these babies like you would change our lives and they live down the street. He's like a youth pastor at a church there like loveliest little family and they adopted them. So I mean things just work out would you say that prayer and kind of look to the universe again when you were faced with Sophia and that decision or did you know when your heart like, yeah. This is my baby. Yeah. I didn't I didn't I didn't say that. I didn't like have that same feeling where I was like Universe show me if there's somebody else it was kind of like it's us, you know, it's got to be us so I think and I think I said it in one and I have a podcast that I talked about Sophia and I said that you know, she chose us we chose her and and there's there's something that's so healing for me to be able to raise her because I felt such a sadness in a disconnect for my sister when she was in foster care and I couldn't even go see her because I think it was too much and I have so much guilt and so much sadness on the fact that she was abandoned by everybody in the foster care system. And so by me giving back to her and being able to lick love her daughter and care for her daughter is like so healing for me and Yelling for Sophia and probably for my sister this this story is so incredible because it breaks the cycle and actually completes the cycle at the same time because you talked about in the podcast on keep on about how your grandmother. Hmm. What can I tell ya I'll do like the concise. I can do the concise. Yeah. So your grandmother. Yeah, when got married at a super young age as you do. Yeah, you know back then yes, her husband goes off to war she Is an affair and gets pregnant her husband comes back and basically says listen we can try this again, even though it's obvious. Yeah cheated on me, but you have to give up this baby. Yes. She gives up the baby. She then has how many more kids you were mom and four minutes, but there is another sibling out there somewhere. Yeah when you guys basically are all being split up that sibling that Aunt the one that was adopted one that was adopted and was not Not raised as part of the family is the one who comes and takes you in and so you are now being taken in by The Sibling that was sort of cast aside and was adopted by someone else then your sister who stayed in that situation has kids you then come to the rescue and take on this child. It's like it breaks it yet completes it in some crazy way. I know but you're doing it in a way. I mean what your aunt was able to give you which were all these resources and all this help and this His attitude and yeah, you know, yeah, you take care of yourself you're going to be able to do for Sophia. Yeah, but also going back to what you said about my right. I mean this Aureus stuck with me. I'll never forget it. Yeah, you have to listen to the story. But even just what you said a couple minutes ago about it was already written everything that has happened every step and decision that you've made or haven't made it has led you to where you are today including Sophia being a part of your home. I mean, I think there's definitely a choice has to be made and I think there's different paths you can take but the option to make the right choice is always there so it is written but it's also there's options and sometimes they're not always going to look the same. I think there's a you know, there's a movie called sliding doors with Gwyneth Paltrow. I love them Cecily shows how her life by one minute, you know changes missing the train. Yeah and the whole outcome of everything changes and it's like Is so interesting, isn't it? It's like every little Choice could be like the biggest transformative thing and so me not adopting Sophia. I mean, I can't even think about it because it's like it's totally different. It would have just been completely different. So does your sister have a role in her life right now? No, okay. She came over actually, she called me prior to Christmas and she said can I come Christmas Eve and she hadn't seen Sophia in two years so she came to Christmas Eve and I I compartmentalize in those moments because it's like a Christmas party. There was like a lot of people there. We have a whole, you know big thing at our house and you know, my sister gets there. I haven't seen her in two years. She hasn't seen her daughter and two years and it's just she's shaking, you know, and she's so nervous and she like comes sober obviously, which is very comfortable for her too because she knows I'll know in two seconds if she you know shows up high so it's just it's sad because there's a distance in a sadness and And I just I don't know. It's just your desperation for like love and attention that she can't get because her daughter doesn't know her and I can't be like this is your mom and way to have this whole conversation leading up to Christmas Eve. I was like, how did you prepare Sofia? I didn't so Sofia would talked about her having two mommies since she's been born but now she's five and I think the idea of her having a mom out there who she doesn't know who doesn't come see her who Doesn't want to spend time with her would have me her spiral and and make her feel unloved or unwanted. And so at this point we kind of just like stop the conversation. I'm our mom and I told my sister I said, you know. If you want to develop a relationship with her and you want her to understand that what the situation is and that you are her her mom to and all these things then you need to come and be consistent and have a relationship with her. I'm not just going to be like hey, this is your mom. You know, it's too much and it's too traumatic and she's our main concern and I would love for you to be a part of her life. But that's up to you. You know how you want to show up for her, but I'm not going to put it on her not gonna it's just too much and so she understood that and Out and agreed to it. And so she came and at first it was a fight and there was resistance. She's like so you told me that when you took her that you would allow me to see her anytime and now you're telling me that there's there's stipulations and things and it just turned into a thing and I was like, actually I mean I pay her money every month because I told her because the deal was that she would let me that she would sign over legal guardianship if I give her the money that she got from the government for having Sophia. Wow. I know it's a little screwed up. So I had to I had to kind of tell her I put her in her place and I was like, so here's the deal. It's been x amount of years where I'm paying and taking care of and loving your child and also giving you this money and I get to kind of I get to call shocked as to what happens here. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have to talk to anyone in advance to figure out how to do I'm excited out. I know it's a lot the one your mom it's a lot to think to wrap your head around. As yeah a kid kind of the whole situation and sad. Yeah, I just yeah. Um, did you all did was it very clear in your mind? Like how you guys would handle it even with her coming for Christmas Eve? And and at first trying to make it clear that there was another mom and deciding not or did you guys need to like consult like a therapist? Like what's like a family therapist? What's the best way or was it just your gut you guys just knew I couldn't I brought it up with some friends of mine. My definitely surround myself with moms who are a lot smarter than me. I wrote a little thing on it parenting.com. They ask me these questions about parenting and I said the girl what's your your parenting style? And I go I don't know. I don't have a parenting style. I just kind of surround myself with really amazing people who like to read the books and do all the research because I don't and then brought my gear or knowledge down. Process that and I have different friends who come from different backgrounds and have different ideas and different styles. And I kind of I think I've always done this in life was accumulate all of it and kind of go what feels right, you know for me in this situation. So I think I'd a lot of it is intuition and trusting my gut and then also just being like a mama bear and wanting to protect my my daughter so I think it was just a mixture of both and Tony's very last days ago about it all he's like Go look at her. She's an idiot. Come on. She's easy to get her life together and she comes over here. If you want to be a part of her life. She'll be a part of it if she doesn't screw her. Yeah, and I'm kind of like, you know, I have all this connection with it. You know, this is my sister. So my sister's baby. There's a lot more involved for me emotionally than for him and he's not a very sensitive person by any means he's deep and he's smart and he's all these things but he is not sensitive and he's not in tune to like asking the questions like that must have been hard for you are like what you see Yours like you guys none of that and thank God. He's like Christmas Eve was awesome. Right? You're like wonder he's so like just but that's how I tell you what else that you can lean on and talk that shadow towards a girlfriend or another family member how he's just not that guy and thank God he married me because any woman married to him would be like, it doesn't understand doesn't get me emotionally ask me nothing now. I mean, he's just who he is and I and I and I like I said before I understand. It's not coming from like, you know, a mean place. It's not coming from a bad place or like he's meeting to hurt my feelings. It is just who he is. You have heard of him. It's not even when you think about Sophia I mean in a way she's kind of like a little you. Oh, that's so funny and frightening right God willing but also in the fact that like you were Sophia. Oh, yeah, you were Sophia where you went off to another family and your mom kept trying to be a part of your life and it wasn't healthy and you're on it's true, you know. Stood by you and supported you in whatever way but there comes a time where like who was going to advocate for Sophia and you're doing that. Yeah, and I think there was a lot of times along the way that I had wish somebody would have because I grew up with different ants and worship to Florida and I mean all these different family members who all loved me but didn't have I don't know if it was the means. I don't know if it was like the guts. I don't know if it was there there were scared or what but they didn't have Have the ability to kind of like you said kind of step up and say you know what? This is this isn't happening anymore. I'm not going to allow you to keep hurting these kids or this little girl or it's over like it's done and I'm so lucky that I married somebody and then that I'm in a place where I can I can do that and I can be that person for her and advocate for her and protect her. So yeah, I know it hasn't been easy like at the road. Yeah. I've been easy to feel it. Hasn't So we've been easy what's been the best and the hardest part when it comes to River and Malia in this situation. Oh gosh, I've wrestled with this and had a lot of guilt because I think Malia was old enough when we got Sophia that she kind of was like, okay, this is cool. Like a little baby. This is fun. She's kind of maternal and she's lovely and she kind of enjoyed the whole and enjoy the whole process but with River he was little he was about four. Three and four and she and he did and he did not understand there was a lot of explaining I should have done there should have been more sensitivity around it, but I was so in the thick of it and not to make excuses for myself, but like it was so much and so much was put on me to be like a mother of a newborn about nine months to prepare and like all the things and deal with my sister. I kind of just didn't address it because I didn't notice and he was there just sitting there confused and sad and like not the baby anymore and I think from that he's developed this like the saying a little bit of anxiety. Mmm. So he's a little bit anxious and he's a little bit like what's going on all the time because there's like a what's going on like wants to have all the facts. Yes know where we're at. Yes, which makes total sense because he's like what's going on with this baby doing here? I don't know how to say it. But what the hell like one day. I'm the king of the castle and the next day you bringing this little white baby, and she's And I'm like God and and I felt so sad about I was being kind of hard on myself and then I and then I zoomed out and I was like get perspective on this. Okay. This is a chip every kid has a chip were screwing up our kids in some way. And if the chip is my mom took a kid and I felt like I didn't belong I didn't know what was going on. I was confused. I was anxious and I it was hard. If that's his chip, that's his Chip. He's going to have to work through that and that's just his journey in life. But at the end of the day when he's an adult and he's grown. He's gonna be like my mom took a baby. That wasn't hers. Yes, because it was the right thing to do to me the lesson and what I did is so much bigger than the shit. I put him through. You know what I mean? Like then that little Chip he's gonna have an after work through later on in Life or he's confused and something's happening and he starts to lose it because there is that childhood trauma there. He's kind of to work through it. We all have things. We're working through and none of it compares to what you've been through. Right and I'm like, hey buddy, good luck with that. Welcome to the family about things. What kind of repair can you do now though to help with the dynamic? Yeah the shift in dynamics that happen when Sophia was a part of your home. I think the things now are just like listening. We have a nanny that kind of stepped in or Nannies whole family that stepped in and really helped me with Sylvia and has helped me raise her essentially. Because like I said when she screamed it was like I mean a baby could ruin the entire energy and break your house down like one child. You hear these stories about people adopting from other countries and all these horror stories of these kids are so damaged emotionally that they tear down and break apart your whole family just because they're so damaged and this is what we felt like was kind of it was too much for the kids and for us so one day on the weekend, I would have our Nanny. She the baby goes to sleep at her house and we It one day with like the big kids where we could like look at them and be like with them and give them all the attention because Sophia was so demanding. And so this family that lives in Santa Ana that when we lived in Orange County, this is when all this was happening they still come and get her one day a week and they love her and there she's in their weddings. She's a part of their family. She's like, I mean, she's this girl thinks she's Mexican. She speaks in Spanish. I'm like she is a member of that family and I am eternally grateful for them and they'll be a part of her life forever. Ever because they helped me through the hardest time with her and for my family and gave us a little bit of a space to kind of get our our other kids kind of on track. It sounds like even people listening that you know aren't able to afford or have the means for any any what you're saying is is like you have to find time to give undivided 100% present time to your children. Yeah, and if you can do that, like I know a couple of my mom friends they do swaps. we're and I've done this with a friend of mine where I was like you know Cadence can come over you go have your time Cadence and Millie will play like let's just make this a thing because if you can't afford a babysitter or Nanny like is there a support system where you can just have people that you can lean on so that you're not doing everything by yourself and you're not expecting to give every single kid 100% when everyone's there exactly I think you know it's a whole other episode that we get into but I think there's a reason why you know all these people are self medicating there's all these prescription jugs he's being dealt out and all these things because women are having to do it all alone now it's like there's no support system really there's you know family isn't a thing like everybody's to look close to their parents and close their aunts and just be able like I'm dropping the kids off there's none of that like tribe anymore so creating that support system is a life changer it's a game changer it keeps you sane you need a minute or you just need someone to come over and talk to him mom with and I think finding that through a nanny through friends through Family whoever it is is so important. I mean like it's hard to make it out without that support system. That is so interesting because you know, I I oh, I like rejected the mom community so much because I so felt that I didn't belong there. I felt that I wouldn't share the same views. I wouldn't feel smushy about everything the way has moms feel so mushy and I would feel isolated and I didn't and I just sort of put up my guard about like no, No, and it's just so interesting to me because since starting mom Hood, there's been this it's kind of like you described you end up with women around you moms around you who are smarter than you are better than you are more in tune and you're able to just grab little nuggets here and there and build this community after based off certain things that each person provides to like with Brandi. I feel like I'm a way more attentive focused purposeful parents because a Brandis On me and then we'll have someone come on and like even you like what you just said about the chip to me is going to be for me personally. That's the biggest takeaway of everything. We've talked about the idea that you cannot beat yourself up and you can say okay, maybe my chip for my kids are going to be that I worked a lot. I always had a mom who worked a lot even when she was home. She was trying to build something at like and if that's their chip like okay that and I don't have to kill myself on a day-to-day basis trying to figure out how to be a different person. This is what gives me joy. That work is me joy, and if that's going to be a chip for them that will be there chip and I'll do my best to be purposeful in the moments. I'm with him like brandy like it's some if there's something very therapeutic and freeing about that like 20 a little bit eviction and in that and release any guilt or any preconceived ideas that you had about it or trying to like not be someone that you aren't or vice versa for me. I mean what you said early and you guys have heard this before their Saying like I could not have survived. I can't survive mom would without my mommy for an hour and just having this community of women that I can lean on and you know learn from and I always say this all the time but it's like you can't do it alone. You shouldn't do it alone. And that's why for us this podcast is so powerful and important because even if someone right now is listening you're nursing your baby or toddler is like watching a movie you're like just trying to survive as opposed to thrive and you hear October story and you hear what we're saying and you feel less alone. Then we've done our job, you know, and that's what we want people to take away from this is that everyone has their own mom journey and it's really about owning who you are but also learning from each other. Yeah, absolutely. And I think that when we're doing our best and our hearts are in the right places and we're looking at our children of the I were having conversations with them. we're doing our best we're winning like careers and chips and things that happen throughout life those are decisions that they're going to have to make later on in life whether or not they're going to be affected negatively by those things or that they're going to be inspired by those things yeah that's not up to us that's our kids journey and that's the beautiful thing about it because I think every situation you know you can be the victim or you can be empowered and so our kids are going to have to decide that with whatever happens to them but we're doing our best aren't we Yeah, I mean I can tell you I know that you guys are doing your best. Yeah, and that's great and they're going to feel that they're going to know it and they have their own Journey. Good luck kids. What would you say is the biggest lesson that your children have taught you? Hmm, I think for me having kids. They just taught me to be. Well, they've helped me become the person I always wished I would be so I always had this idea of what kind of Mom I wanted to be and I'm by no means perfect and look my my standards are pretty low. Yeah based on my own personal experience. I'm always going to be winning at this game. No, but but truly like my capacity which I'm kind of a tough tough chick tough egg to crack when it comes to you. Um, just being super Sensi I'm not sensitive. I'm not smushy render your all the things. I'm not that I wish I could just be like give me a little morsel of that. I'm like my brother will actions like no like, you know, and and having kids is brought me a little closer to that and what a lovely feeling to feel is like that I mean, I'm in no way it's super touchy-feely person. I love to hug and I love to get up and talk and touch and laugh, but I'm not like love. I almost brought Sonny and I was like Should I make October hold Sunny the entire time and just smell his head and get all that oxytocin flowing like I almost did I when I love it and might give it just brought out the like Sweetness in me because I grew up my whole life like being the strong tough. Like, you know Survivor type person and being given these kids. It's like, oh they're so innocent. They're so sweet and they're so curious and they're so just they just want you to be be you and they just want you to love them everything you are is everything. Need yeah, and it's pretty simple and it's yeah, I love it. It's amazing. Is there any advice that you can give Switching gears a little bit from from parenting to marriage? Is there any advice things that you felt like have really worked in your marriage that have kept you guys in love and happy not connected. Yeah connected. I think there's a lot of things that connect you and I think there's Ebbs and flows in every marriage some days some of your even a whole year could go. And I like that was a weight that was hard. What the hell was that looking back? Like thank God that's over and then you know, there's a year were like pure Bliss and this is like so good you're connected. You're doing things together. You're vibing on the same level and it's great and I think in those abs where it's like tough, I think it's important. To stay curious about the person you're with I mean, are you get so in the in the in the I feel like I know what's going to come out of his mouth. I'm like three two one and it's like I know what it's disgusting that I know every words are going to say at any every moment, but it's also completely untrue. It's a lie. I mean if I thought Tony was the same person 13 years ago. I'm crazy. I mean keeping curious and asking questions and being interested in what each other is doing and Keeping your Independence so that there are those questions that can even be had like, what are you doing where you going? How's work like do things separate and then come back and be curious about like what's going on in each other's lives. I think it's so important to stay interesting for each other and stay curious about one another and and stay interesting before each other is such a good maste interesting for each other like go do your thing. Go have a life go find a hobby like Hobbies past. Yes, especially cuz I think women And especially moms feel guilty about making that time away where they're not with their husband and they're not with their kids. They're doing something just for themselves. But if you think about it, it's making you interesting for that your family. So you are a better way. Yeah, and it really it is actually giving back to your family back in all the way covid way. We even talked about just how attractive it is when someone has its own interests their own passions their own Hobbies. Yep. We say this all the time. I mean I have your mom is a happy home happy, baby. Yep, State interesting stay curious and don't ever think you have anybody figured out completely you don't I want to go home and crack the code on this DeRay - I get out of you tonight. I'm sure that you married you. Hope that you're both evolving. Yeah you hope they are both growing right and Go to think about it like that. Of course, of course we changed. Yeah evolved. Yeah, and I think finding I have Tony and I would say this like our kid like marriage and getting through even an argument and it's finding the humor in all the things right. It's always kind of funny like if you really think about what your arguments are. You're like. Oh man. Yeah. I had one of those is weekend. I cannot and Tony's really ridiculous me by surprise like a 12 year old or argues like a 12 year olds awesome. He's very like animated and I've got just take them right out of the moment all together and I'm like Like what is happening with your body? What is going on? Because I go what about you is only come back as like have you thought about yourself? What about you? It's like it's like I'm five. Like there's that's all you come up with it. And then I and then we laugh because he's like, that's all I could come up with but it's all I got he's not quick, you know, he's thought processes Wheels gotta turn around. He's got to think of a thing to say and I'm like hot fire just you like a dragon he I think yeah, you're the one. Yeah, whatever it is. It's just you're the one you sure pop. Where where do you hope that you are in like five years? I hope that I am. Like just kind of speaking about what we're speaking about today. I hope that I'm like doing something that allows me to thrive in an area where I'm helpful to people where again I'm making people feel validated. I have some sort of platform while I'm able to speak on the things that I love and things are important and the things are going to make a difference and I'm traveling with my kids my friends and they're my friends kids traveling. It's great. Yeah connecting with people think relationships and people are just are truly my passion October you were so fantastic well thank you so many feelings I feel like we need a part 3 okay thank you so much this is just and I really do think I mean we set it but now after having this second one I really do think that part one influences all of this like this whole view your parenting style your marriage your Independence your self-worth like all of those things are so much Easier to understand and I feel like affect me more because I know the whole first one. So again, if you did not listen to part 1 the link is down below the link for keep on the general link will be there in as well. As Sophia's very detailed story. If you're curious about, you know, all the details that we didn't get into on that story and guys. If you are not subscribed to the podcast, please hit that subscribe button. Also give us a five star rating and even write us a review. It means so much to us. It also helps other people. Us we can reach more moms and at mom Hood show on Instagram conversation continues. That's where you guys can send EMS questions suggestions things you want us to do on the podcast and also the private Facebook group, which is poppin. You just search mom hood on Facebook. Very easy. Our dates will see you next week. Bye.