Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually recordIn advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini. Okay, because I I have felt like class haven't had a drink on this show in a hot minute. So for those of you a bellini is Prosecco and peach nectar peach nectar. Excellent. Excellent Cheers Cheers John ago and in case you decide to be weird, hold on a minute, let me reach into my bag. That I got our flag. I've got that's excellent. The show flasks. Are you ready John? So what does it say on there? This is not Lacroix. So Kayla and I put in some guess what I put in it. What is in their bourbon Scotch? Uh-huh? No. Oh dang it John. Hold on. It is bourbon. It's the Four Roses Bourbon that Chris carbonyl My how nice that's actually not bad stuff at all. Yeah, except I hate shooting bourbon. So you don't shoot it. You sip it like a gentleman, but that is the shot flask. Oh God crying Sean John's like very excited taking photos of this. So now I think you should take that. Once you drink the whiskey inside of it. You should take it to Baltimore and fill it up. Once you get there. It's a good idea have it as your show. This will just be like the show floor. Ask at what am I in this you're in this sort of? Oh, no. The show flask. Yeah, except where I'm going to get like every communicable disease possible by everyone coming up to you being like give me a shout of the show my in I don't know you yeah all this has some purple wipes ready to go. No don't purple wipe it. That's not that's toxic job. That's right. I just like seeing purple white. I don't know because it for every single sort of wiping of surfaces. You just want to wipe everything so that it is clean Howard Hughes clean. Yeah. Hmm. Well, I thought that you might like The new flask. I like it. I like it. We need to like get those available like a limited edition box thing. I think that cost like $12 on it see so it'll be available on our website for $49.99. Yes customer Russia finish. Did we get it's just a problem - I want a rotten arushi. Pair of Chopsticks flask we could send it to the bling person. Who does Swarovski Crystal and just have it studded and crystals. That's not my jam. Well, I'm more of a more of a rotten or a little bit more subtle clock my flask to almost slip out of my hands on him trying to drink it. I love it. Well now if either of us decides to be weird this podcast we can take shot. It's on the other person to say it. Yeah / R / Our meeting for our previous meeting for if you're wondering what we're talking about. If you look on our grid, there's a video of our most recent leaking to meeting where we drank a bottle of wine and decided that if the other one is being good, we're going to make them take a shot. So that's a solution how you define weird is entirely up to you. Rich me given sound it sounds weird given who the two of us are we're just going to be drunk for every episode. I think I'm not gonna show up drunk. I took the shot from the flask on my way here. No, sorry. We do not condone drinking and driving. No. No, I don't always always lift always lift own Uber Uber sucks of the company oftentimes after these episodes. I go across the street to this restaurant and get the grilled cheese. That's like the four cheese grilled cheese. What is that sound? So your phone? No, Is that a T-Rex outside? It sounds like we're being attacked by a T-Rex. That's what it sounds like. Anyway, I get like the fatty grilled cheese to absorb the alcohol so I can like drive home such a great reasoning for someone who's a physician. Yeah. It's like it works. Also, it also gives me like a whole nother hour of not drinking tonight and it's a great dive bar to clarify. I really don't drink that much during these episodes. I have like a drink worth. I'm trying to think of the episode where we were probably the most intoxicating. Located it was the first episode when you spilled vodka on your pants in the parking lot. That did not happen. Yes. We were making vodka sodas episode the worst no-nos drunk the most drunk. Yeah, I think so. Yeah God right out of the gate John October like somehow like knocked over an entire glass of vodka on to his pants think so. I think it was a later episode you guys can listen back and decide which one was the one where we were the most Amber be really bad if they were like you definitely were on this one and I was dead Sober Sober as hell. Yeah. Well lately we've been drinking coffee for our episodes which you know is fine. I don't hate it. I'm fine with whatever but I was feeling Bellini another late night episode Another 6 p.m. Yeah. So how was La John? Oh my God. It was fun. I love La so much. Have you been out there before? No. I mean, I've been nope. Nope. I haven't been Delhi you have to make a effort to Out there last time I was there was two years ago or not for the pain show. This is my first La pencho don't eat and it was a bit chaotic. That's what my understanding is. There's definitely a stigma with that show as let me blow. Ya Sunday is the only public day. So if you want to go to all the days like the vendors go you have to buy table or whatever your past which is like 60 or 70 bucks and it's like a fight for your table every day, right? It can be I begged and pleaded and was able to get my own reserved table, which I kind of almost don't like disclosing because other vendors didn't have them but I just explained us that hey I'm flying with all the stuff. I have all this stuff on the table. I don't want to move it every night. Yeah. So other vendors just have to pick up and move that's just every day until Sunday. So it's not conducive to people who want to buy stuff. It's not conducive to vendors. Why do they do? that way you're taking the words out of my mouth. It's one of those things where I tell every organizer. I talked to the best way to have a good Pinchot is to have happy vendors, right? You have a lot of under show up. They want to show up you get vendors with something like a great run show, right? So I think it kind of goes without saying it was a good show for me. But as far as getting the big names out there my competitors probably, you know, it's it's tough. You have to have a really really good show and Allah is definitely struggling on attendance attendance was not a problem. It's just and so they can they can say hey the attendance is great. I did. Well, it's your choice not to show up and deal with this shit, but They could do it so much more effectively. It sounds like oh, yeah. Yeah, but it's not going to happen. It's one of the things that it is probably not going to happen. So it is what it is. I had a really great show Sunday was chaos of never seen a line so long in my life Jesus healing to get in it was like and it was like a swarm coming to our table fortunately. I had some great help. Thanks to Kimberly and Matt for helping. That's great. So for a lot of people there Matthew who you don't know Matthew. Is he mad a magical Matthew? Mmm? No, oh, okay, but he was also there and he did bring me lunch. Thank you, by the way. Hey, there's like a million bats in our community. Which Matthew I'm at so many people again in person who are on slack bought some Girl Scout cookies. You got Girl Scout cookies. Uh-huh. All right a story for you. Okay a person who's listening to our podcast who's on? Black who couldn't get through the first episode probably because of what we were just talking about a lot of also f-bombs. Her daughter was selling Girl Scout cookies. Her daughter is sweet bought a fountain pen. She put a limerick badge on her Girl Scout uniform. Oh cute. She then asked what's that under the table under the kind of like a little small display? I had it was the Leaky nib buttons and I'm like, this is a podcast and her mom goes listen to her mom's like she's never gonna listen to this. I got through part of one episode. Sorry about it. Also, not sorry about it. And she put it on her girl scream for me. No, we just closed we are not suitable for her work and we ran 18 plus podcast what I said and I think she was like, yeah the first episode she said something like I fucking love that person. I'm like that sounds like cat she goes I don't understand how you can fucking love someone. I'm like, well my novel this podcast This might not be for you. That's okay. We just start going to keep swearing and that's okay. We are not for everybody. But but I'm not Girl Scout cookies. That's sweet. That's so neat. It's a highlight of the show. Really? Oh, that's great. Did you buy anything pain-related? No. No, I sort of I bought some stuff from Sunny who is there of straight spent straight spends. I mean, I basically cleared out so I his stuff so I know if Pelican blue-black, I'm sorry that that's illegal ink. What is that mean? So do you know what task is tsca as far as import regulations like liquids Pelican, I believe and a lot of companies didn't fill out a certain form for u.s. Import of blue black. Whatever chemical is in blue black ink that's why we don't get Pelican pilot La me blue-black. Would you get along a blue-black but pellet pilot and Pelican blue-black. We don't get here and big bottles from some task of thing that they didn't fill out the yeah. It's really stupid. It's just a Regulation thing it's not harmful. Inc. You just can't import it, but I acquired some because it was brought over bugler here. Not you didn't smuggle Sunny smuggled exactly. Exactly exactly. That's exciting and I have it in my own 1000 and it's sort of like an it's an iron goal blue-black. Okay, uh, and it's really kind of a shape shifter and then fun and it's nice having an ink you're not supposed to have are you still enjoying your m-1000? So I got it. I got it slightly fixed at La so Gina of custom tube studio is next to me. Ohuh need she is a fucking rock star by the way. I can't wait to meet her. I think she seems amazed. She is absolutely amazing. I hung out with her at the bar along with the in shown and Matt Martin. No, we were just having a blast. Wow, that's great and she fixed my 1000 and I watched her on Friday morning a dude came by he flew in because it's cheaper than shipping his pens to her, huh? Ten members. Oh God eight of them worthy arushi ma kid. I'm sorry. We're demarcated versions with the elaborate design. So like the owl the $10,000 once he had eight of those and he was getting them all tuned by her. Yeah, and I kind of was his when I first met her I was like sorry. I just got kind of looking over. I'm like, I'm sorry. I just have to watch and I asked him like is this kind of freaking you out like this? As many pins she goes. Oh, yeah, it's cool. I'm like, yeah, but like an emperor like what if you had fuck it up she goes. Oh, no, this is nothing. I did this all day because she comes from nibs dot dot coms she weren't there. She told me she did it for eight hours a day five days a week for five years something along those kind of lines. I could be I could be wrong on the numbers, but that's many many many many years a lot of hours. I don't know abs and yeah, she fixed my 1000 and a heartbeat that's amazing. So Love it. Love it. Now you loved it before. Yeah, but it had a minor thing that I couldn't figure out what was wrong with it. Hmm, and now it's great. It still has that that Pelican and 1000 squeak and if anyone else has any 1000 or if you've never written with one, it kind of like sings Yeah on paper on certain kind of the kinds of paper which papers do it like the coated ones or coated like rhodium. Hmm, which is your jam you write which is my jam. So and then I put on I put on TR I didn't notice any so so interesting the LA was a lot of fun. I recommend going out to it giving it a shot and I want to move there. So what yeah, that's that's the other thing I didn't I didn't put on the show notes because I didn't want to I didn't want you to want to move there forever. We're definitely it's definitely on the radar for you and Abby for real. Yeah, like for real for real for real. Do you know how much it costs to live in LA? It's that want it that bad. okay, so I talked with a few people there few listeners of the podcast about moving there and This is a call to action if anyone is in the medical community in LA and works at a hospital. Hit me up. Abby needs a job so far. She's a critical-care pharmacist. She's a critical-care pharmacist and she's looking for a gig at a hospital. So wow. What are we going to do? If you moved to LA I knew that's why I knew you'd ask that you ask we took we figure this out. We'd have to Skype it. Well just it will have to be a not in studio. I'm not flying to La every two weeks. It's way cooler than here. Oh my - whatever one last thing about La I did meet someone who's very elusive the pin Community who Phillip from twizz be what I met him. You mad twist be the twist be I don't know if he's listening and if you are Philip, hey, we love twizz be he I so their their shop. Isn't there were houses and Torrance, which is where the Pinchot was and I was like am picking up some I'm at the Pinchot. Stop by and it can also get to kill go a restock and he met me at the hotel. No way. Oh my gosh. Did he bring you pens? Yeah, which is really kind of funny. It's just like our peers the connection of twins be holy shit. And yeah, he's not what I expected in it. He's like the nicest way to say this. He looks like a male model. Oh, He's like beautiful. Looks like it looks like a motorcycle like model like the guy on the motorcycle kind of kind of guy. Wow, nice dude, and I don't know how old he is. I can't tell he could be 35. He could be 55 hum and really cool dude, and I was like a stuff I can get a beer if you want. He didn't have time. So I might hook up with them and SF but that's awesome. Yeah, thanks to for him for stopping by and we love you Phyllis. But yeah, I was like because he's not anywhere to be found here. The grid I'd only was be in the background but I don't think he's he's not really out there putting his face out there. It's more just chemistry. I mean, he's known for his customer service and helping people with their pens. But yeah, I mean he helped me way back in the beginning when I was first getting into pens on my leg Eco kept blurbing and I emailed him and he was like, well have you wiped the ink from under the fins of the MIT, but I was like indeed no and he was like that is why it is blooming and I was like, yeah, that's a common thing with twisties. I feel like I need to have a Info because of the capillary action, it'll just pull the ink out and then it like spoilers and hold it there for a second and go like dry off the nib and the tree. Yeah, but yeah, anyway, he was so helpful with that. That's so neat that you met him. It's just weird putting name into a face and like to understand that you've known for a couple years, but you've never seen in real personal life changed a lot of time and money and emails and you go like oh this is who this person is. Well speaking of twizz be they've got a new pen coming out. They do the yellow Go it is hilarious. I died laughing John sent out an email. That was like we all live in a yellow to his be Eco a my fucking dad died. I got all the dad jokes here. I mean, both of us are huge Beatles fans. I mean, if you don't like that kind of reference, then you can just fuck yourself on me until they stop we are okay, if you do not like the Beatles, but also why don't you like the bra so why don't you but also like that's a great reference also that is Exactly the color yellow that this is it's not school bus yellow. No not it's not puke yellow. It's not there's some yellow is one of those colors that I feel like is really I mean because it's like what piss yellow? Puke yellow school bus John, you're yellow. There's John Deere yellow. Oh, yeah this to me is Beatles yellow though. I agree with you, which it would I feel like you're just a needle right down the view down the middle. It's really how did you not screw that up? I love it. I think it's great. I feel like at this point I have to get it because I'm starting to be one of those people who make sure we have some oh shit. Did I forget I think you are I forgot. Yeah, put one aside. Yes. Yes. Okay. I'll preorder one. Yeah, it's a schedule that while we're in the air. Hold on. I'm just gonna log in to John's website here. Hold on getting that really. I'm just trying to get comfy. Yeah that and there's some there's some other stuff coming. So from twins be yeah neat. I'm excited John's probably got an end. DEA or something since I need new ideas, but if I did I couldn't talk about it. So okay. That's that's that's always a fun like, you know, you can be on the inside kind of statement. I didn't sign an NDA but if I did I wouldn't be able to say if I didn't didn't yeah, so somebody's got an idea. Hey, so let's recap our last Hoosier pain club to that was kinda went by so fast. We had a Hoosier pain club and this time we had it at my house. It was that freaking house party it. In about an hour late house party. Yeah, we had 30 people in my 1935 home. I pulled out all the chairs. We turn on all the lights people could actually see what they're looking at. We had like a pretty good lighting situation. We had people in the kitchen people like kind of all over the house eating pizza that Rob from Greeks delivered for us. I was somehow slinging drinks. I didn't know I was a bartender but I was like making everybody's drinks. That's a yeah, that's it. It is part of hosting and we had some of our younger members and some of our older members. We had pretty much everybody. There was fantastic some of our older members and by mean they've been with the club since the beginning but also in number of decades they've been on this planet. We have Frank who is a pen collector for many years and showed us photos from his previous. Before he started to pair it back when he had over 20,000 pain. Guess who I ran into. All right on the tram who from LAX to Burr who Frank? I think he's I was boarding the bus with all my luggage. I'm like, he has this I decided to put pen for men stub. Here's a Sheaffer pen for men with a stub nib. So that's that's it. Right? Hello. I was writing it and we were all riding with each other's pain. Ends and his friend Lou is there who I adore and she is the neatest and their friend fritzi and their friend Gary and it was just incredible because they have I wish I would have gotten into that room or they have this incredible wealth of Knowledge from collecting pens for 20-30 years. They know the history. They've been with pens as they've come out. It's just really really really neat. So that was fantastic Matthew Morse was there and he anodized stuff for me in the kitchen. There was so much going on. I didn't I didn't even know that was happening. Yeah, so anodizing typically should be done with like distilled water and like titanium wire and all this like specific machine that pumps out the right voltage and whatever whatever but Matthew bought a bunch of 9 volt batteries and some speaker wire and some electrical tape and like some tap water and stuck a knife in it and like anodized the section of my tactile turned God. That sounds so Hood. It was just it was awesome. And then later we anodized my new Matt Martin pain. I traded him some stuff and I acquired his Matthew Martin pain, that's titanium and zirconium. And so yeah, it was wild. What did you get to do in the HPC just try to talk to everyone it was it's difficult. I think so I met up with two guys from the Hoosier pain club for beers and Fishers Tyler and Chris. Yeah. He had a blast. I think Tyler was the one who mentioned he's like. Hey, you know, maybe it's might be kind of weird. But all wear name tags. Oh, I think we should wear name tags because we're getting to be too big and just because you don't want to be in you also may be designate who's like if it's your first time here. Yeah put a star something. I think that'd be neat. Just so we don't because I didn't get a chance to talk to everyone. I don't have to make like an effort to go. Did I talk to this person this person and seeing a name and a face? Yeah, we had. Some specimens. I'm like, I forget everyone's name. I think we're getting rowdy or even then some of the pain shows After Dark. I've been to yeah. Yeah, I mean and and I feel bad because I sold some pens as a dealer and I felt I was pushing some stuff but it's also sort of fun. It's like I feel like the proverbial drug dealer what the end of the party that I okay John break out the good stuff. Yeah, because he did he brought like he bought he brought those those help Platinum. She met or those pilot. Pilot achievement pilot. She met everybody was looking at that and the sterling silver and sterling silver. We were all fondling and one of our Pelican, huh Pelican have one of our Hoosier pain club members may or may not have acquired a music nib. Mmm-hmm. There's fun. Yeah, I really felt was a great was it's always a great time and I feel like it's always spread out just enough. So I'm like, okay. I'm ready really time for opinion I'm saying ever A here we go again. Yeah kind of thing. It's super fun. So I'm really glad that is that way you are all welcome. If you're listening to fly here drive here. Come here. Like we can help you find a local little Air B&B or small hotel if you want to stay overnight, but everyone is welcome and we'd love to see you for another HPC. We are on the every two ish months pattern right now. Yeah, and it's really fun. It's always so much fun and And I forget just how many people I want to talk to and try to try to get through that room. And we really do have a great Community here in Indiana. I'm always just amazed because you think there's no pain people and Indianapolis because you don't see them out and about but then I'll get like a new customer from like a street over from me. I'm like, oh, hey, you should totally come to the pain me. I also feel like I'm totally shoving people into the pain club join us. I don't ask them to join. I'm like no you need to come. Yeah. It's and and plenty of people don't drink so it's great. Look what I brought by the way. Yay. So John brought the carides carried us to the pain meet the last time you saw that you were slightly. No. No, that was me sober. I wasn't yeah, John was mad cuz I was giving it a lot of attention, but listen to that. It's weird. Can we have great ASMR? Don't hold on. Let's do it again. It is an odd pain. All right. I just want to ask you how your thoughts changed from it to specially first to know. Oh from what I'm saw it a month ago to now I still don't like it John. Okay. So you're just I'm just curious here are my thoughts. I'm very curious curing your very carrodus. So it was $64. - now it's 80 because Platinum decided to enforce the MSRP on this pain as if compared to allowing it to be sold at 20% under retail, which is standard for most other like all of the other Platinum pens and most other brands. It's why I like there's like a street price in an SMS RP which is like ridiculous. We just need to decide what the prices are but whatever so, okay, it's $64. Yeah, and then it now it's $80 which okay, you can buy a Pilot vanishing point with a steel nib for a about that much from Japan. Hmm. So why would I buy a Curie toss when I could buy a vanishing point because they're both steel nibs. And that's going to be metal out like metal like body. This is plastic and the knock is so long. It's weird and like for me the nib is too small for how girthy the body is. I heard my curly saying he doesn't like the fins on the underside of it. That doesn't get in the way of how I hold the pen. I could see how this thin situation underneath here could be problematic for your grip actually find it pretty comfortable to hold but I have a atrocious grip John is looking at my hands. Like what are you doing? That's how I try to make sense of it. That's how I won't bring over here. That's that's how I hold it. Okay. So here's here's the funny thing about the Caritas with the clip. They include the tool to remove it. Yeah, but once you remove it too many times Yes. Well, I don't know if it's going to have an issue but it's it seems like they designed it to take the clip on and off multiple times. It's not an on/off. It's today. I have it on tomorrow. I might have it off and even but what even when you take the clip off there's still a little plastic fin the runs the length of the pain. Yeah. We're that clip used to be. Yeah, so if you are bothered by something by putting your finger on the clip The Cliffs not going to bother you as much as that piece of plastic. Yeah, but the fins on the underside Could see if you hold your pen kind of far down close to the nib could be really problematic social kind of a rest too. There's fins and I think it's because of the mechanism swings out the mechanism that seals depends swings Out Underneath. It's sort of strange. Here's Here's my thought on why I kind of okay. It's so weird that I kind of want to have one. But like also I hate it. That's fair. Like I don't want to buy one just to have it okay in their defense they had initially a retractable fountain pen for 64 bucks. Yeah, even at 80. I think it's still by know if you like that kind if you like it some people love demonstrators. Also, I think it's different than a vanishing point a different enough sure that you might have both. I don't think it's an either or no, I don't either but I mean, I don't know it's just odd. The fact that you can clean it out easier than a vanishing point is a big salt John just took it apart which I thought that was a lot of steps. But to see you do it you've done it a million times haven't you but the trap door stays open when you clean it, so ink doesn't get stuck everywhere because changing colors on a Vanishing points. Not a ton of fun unless you just don't care. He's pointing at me. I rinse the inside of the front half of my Vanishing points. She's like you like Get I shake it. I had just kind of like throw it under some water and shake it a little bit. You would be horrified to see how I cleaned my pens yesterday Camp. I can't I did clean them. It's good to know. There's other people like me though, and there's people like you and I it's funny that there's like a camp of how how much do you clean your pan clean them enough. I clean them enough. I cleaned it. That's an interesting listener question. How far do you go and cleaning your pain? Are you a John or you look at and do you like what what extreme thing? Have you done to clean a pain Like some people have ultrasonic cleaners like how long have you left it in there your old man you strip the finish off. Try to clean it Matthew did that was his emissaries 805. I think he was telling us last time. Yeah, so you have some stories for us. I do I have I have some drawn to stories. They're all interconnected. Basically. Okay. Okay. So what I the reason I was a little bit late to the taping as I was trying to see if this package I have coming from Japan was going to get delivered. And it is it's delivered. It's ready for pickup it but I didn't get it. I have to go back and get it because I am no longer having packages delivered to my house. I'm having all of my packages delivered to a new PO Box. Mmm. So I may have mentioned a couple episodes that I have a package coming from Japan full of sailors that I actually delayed it being shipped from Japan so that I could get my PO box and have it shipped directly to a PO Box. So in my box that I should hopefully be picking up today. I have this sailor. Spun box the third it's a real. Oh, it's like a dark dark dark blue with like a little bit of like sparkle in it. That's super beautiful and it's a pro gear. So it has a rotten snowflake on the cap, which is beautiful that's coming. I have the bung box sailor progear or the Sailor mini and Aquarius, which is like a teal color and it's a little tiny pain. They're super cute and I have a converter coming from for that from Japan. And I have a small shop that had to be mail ordered amethyst Frost pain coming. It's like purple and a little bit of Sparkles and the nib is engraved with snowflakes on it. It's super beautiful. So those are coming plus some inks and stuff for me and a couple friends coming to me. So I'm super excited and we'll talk about those ones I get them, but the reason that they're coming to a PO Box. The fucking worst. I bought a sailor progear Izumi mint. It is one of 40. It is a mint progear with clear finials on both ends. Absolutely. Beautiful pen bought it from Australia Max got it from Japan. I went to Australia came to me. It was delivered to my front door. I came home. I was at flux buying chairs because Saturday. Yep, obviously, I bought two penguin chairs, which they're like the coolest things ever see by regular Instagram for those. But anyway. I drive past my house look and go. Oh my packages on the front porch drive around to the back of my house. Go in my garage unload the chairs take them up to my office walk down the front stairs open the door, and there's no package. And I was like Mom did you get the package? My mom was in town. She's like what smells like what so I whip out my phone check my ATT app and there's a video of someone walking up to my front door grabbing the package and walking off it. Okay, that is an extremely expensive pen for me. It cost me a lot of money but to anybody else besides super deep diving sailor people. It is not valuable at all. Hmm like Nobody is gonna be like this pen doesn't even fucking right. They stole it off my front porch. I like became I started shaking and crying and my mom called 9 what shouldn't call nine one why she called the non-emergent line because we're not like we know it's not an emergency. We call the non-emergency line, but I got in the car and like started to go look for them in my moms. Like come back the police say don't chase them. So I filed a police report obviously really nice police officer came I felt bad for him because I was like, I know it's not like an emergency and I feel bad using their resources. But also that's of like a crime to steal male we and it's not a cheap pen and it's not feel bad. It's just it's really hard because if it were like a Rolex, okay, so easy to track it because someone will try and flip it. Yeah, but I have no it's worth it because it's going to look at and go what's this and just not doing with it. I don't know what they're going to do. That yeah, but it's gonna be hard to track it. It's not going to be up on eBay. We've been looking description and they're going to know what it is. I've been looking on Craigslist X door, let go read it eBay everywhere, but Facebook Marketplace, but I filed a police report. I sent the video of the person. I actually posted on next door and like they were identified. Really. Yeah, the police know who they are. They're trying to find them and then maybe by that way they'll locate this. This package the put one of those have you found me signs on a light pole in Broad Ripple and just and just have your pain. I'm so sorry. It's like a grainy picture of your pain. I've reached out to Lake where they were to see if the package was like left behind it sucks. But you know, Australia signature, I don't know like what happened with that but it just was like on my front porch. I've had issues with signature packages just being left on my front porch. So Post said it was delivered so they didn't honor my insurance. So there's a claim out with USPS and my homeowner's insurance to see if one of them will cover it. Good luck, but it's not about the money. I mean, yeah, it's about the money because it's a lot of money but it's also like I can't get that pain again. I will just say its own who ships a lot of stuff It's tricky because each shippers different even each shipper might have a guy delivering it might be not a contractor an independent contractor. So I like the you might think Is great but the guy who's your local FedEx guy sucks, right? I will say that if you're ordering anything International, I always recommend going DHL and I would try to get it signature release only when you receive it and if possible even have it held it like a location if you're not going to be if you work weird hours or something you're in a sketchy area have it delivered to the DHL office and you go pick it up. So what I have done now is I have A PO Box for USPS. So like for example, Japan becomes USPS when it comes over EMS, so I just had Tokyo Station pens ship it directly to my PO box and I have a street address for my PO box for all my FedEx and UPS packages. So they will all just end up sitting behind the counter at the USPS. Nice post office. It's a good move. It sucks because now I have to like I was at home waiting to see if my package was going to get put in my PO box. Now I'm like don't have it still but I have to go get it. But whatever it's safe. It's Irreplaceable pens. I mean, so if you want to send us mail, we now have a dress nice put it care of, you know address it to me and John because if it has my name on it will get in the right PO box but our new PO box which I'll share with you John. I'm telling you this is, you know, cat palmisano and John Feelin PO Box 5 5 4 0 2 Indianapolis, Indiana for six 205. I'll repeat it PO Box Donuts 5 V 4o to Indianapolis, Indiana for six 205. Send us your dick pics. They're just getting nothing done Polaroid. I still have a polaroid so that would be hilarious. So anyway, excellent. That's um my reality and where I'm living right now. So it's a bummer theft can happen. It happened theft happens everywhere and I will just say again if you're buying something for me. It's probably replaceable. It's not a super limited edition thing like that where there's 40 of them, but if You are in a sketchy area or you're like, hey doesn't always go to this whatever. I live in an apartment building or something and it goes to this weird mailbox, but I was home. I was in and that's house. It was you know, you kick yourself and it's just sucks. It sucks. He sucks. It sucks. But I did buy cool chairs. So there's an upside to that's good. I cried in the parking lot. I was so happy because I got those chairs. I've wanted those chairs for a hot minute. You see our new credenza I did. Roy Hill is so sexy. It's great. Its massive. It's a size the studio. No way feels like it's beautiful. It's great. You need a bigger house. Yes, we do. You're not going to bigger get a bigger house. If you go to La there, it's all small out there, huh? There's some big homes out there. You can't afford that John. There's no like two million dollars or four million dollars go live in Calabasas on the mountain. Anyway, well just to finish up the rest of my story time. Oh, yeah. I did mail some pens to Japan. Mmm. So did they get stolen? No, they're currently in custody. They just left Customs this morning to go to Boca Mundo. I was on her waitlist, and she let me know that she was ready. For me, so I sent her a newly acquired Montblanc 146 with the Platinum trim not gold because fuck you gold the silver trim. It's beautiful and my sailor progear with the black and the rhodium and she's going to make them beautiful. So those are in route. So those will be back in a few months. Excellent. I'm very excited and I also accidentally bought another kasama. So I think I mentioned in the last episode that I love is it made out of? Myrrh. What you want material I'll show you what material is cats Casal made with this week. So it's titanium. Okay, another titanium Casada to do I may or may not have mentioned how I love the kasama Luna. I love it. And I would like to acquire all of them in all the different finishes and stuff. How many finishes are there? Oh, okay. Let's see this bad boy. So I see a post from our friend Mark Bacchus of the nib grinder and it's just the little like woven cases that the kasama is coming and I immediately messaged him as like you bought more because I'm has you have more cause I was what you have what you have what you have and he was like, whoa, Jill and he mostly bought kasama una's in Ultima, which is that super dense hard orange plastic with titanium. Sections that he actually sent to Matthew who anodized all the sections and they're beautifully did some like Bluey purple ones and then some rainbow ones they were gorgeous so I was going to buy one of those but then Mark was like, but would you like this one and stick it and I was like because I mean I like all time but it's orange and I generally avoid to to warm tone of hence. This is a titanium. Una that is anodized by kasama. Mmm, and it is a sort of bronzy color with Engraved x's on it that are blue and the section is opposite and I got an architect on it. Obviously by Mark. This is so you Bacchus and it's so cool untwisted and then put the cap back on it has this x that goes across the cap and the body that always lines up as compared to my nakiya where I have to like line it up just right to make all the pattern line up. This is like gotta be a single thread and it just always is Perfect. I wish I knew more about threading and I have explained it. I don't know. I think it's just a single thread but make the Sounds in the microphone. I love the sound of that sound. Took all the weird part of me. So I know it's so heavy. I use them at work. I literally I'm holding my role of these are the pens. I've been taking to work this week John. Do you see what's in here? I have extra. Kasama. Kasama. Kasama Nakia Nakia Platinum Galaxy at a Twist and a Twist. Be rose gold. This is what I've been taking to work this week. That's not bad. It's a little extra. Yeah. You look a little bunch. I can tell you that work in the Ed. I literally use my new Nakaya writer of the one with the clip on it the pink one. I literally just put it in my white coat with no protection. I just literally carry it around into patient's rooms on the floors in my white coat pocket and somebody was like, what's that pain? And I was like, let me tell you and they were like what you do that you wear that around and and your white coat and like yeah, I put it in my scrubs pocket the other day. John is horrified what's gonna happen to it? I mean, you're not wrong I guess but I'm using it. It's a user. I don't take I don't do that to this one because it doesn't have a clip. I'm talking about my Milky Way, but if it had a clip I would I just clip it so that it doesn't slide out. Are you like doing compressions or anything at work or you just like rounding? I have done compression with pens up here. Yeah my twist be Eco fell onto someone while I was doing compressions and At all like gross and I had to like wipe it off but I saved them and they came back so it works out. So it's a it's like a lifesaver to his be then. Yeah, it's my original key to us be it's my original one. That's all cracked and told us that's a great story. We like this. This twisty is saved someone's life. I don't think that was be did it good but you can't prove it didn't but it's from when I was an intern and an interns are the usually the ones doing compressions and attendings are the ones standing at the end of the bed telling what drugs to push and what to do and like All the things to like actually make decisions during a code situation, but when I was an intern your job is to get on the chest and do the compression. So I was like in a room with a patient who started to code and I used to then just wear a Twist be clipped onto a lanyard. So was always dangling in front of me with my badge. My now just click my badge on to so I don't have as much dangling in the front of me because I'm afraid Something's Gonna rip it and like pull like my neck mmm because I have a lot of old confused people. So I just Like try to minimize my like hazards. But anyway, so I like jumped on the patient from the room and I was like call a code and I like started doing compressions in the pain just like flew off into like buy food. Yeah anyway, but it worked and the patient was okay, they lived because of the twins because the twins be was involved what you're saying is it's fantastic value 2899 and it can also save your life. I do love my twisty and I still have it but but I but II don't often jump. I haven't jumped I don't want to say that out loud. I have it's not common for me to be the one compression doing impression good. So I feel like it's okay to have my nakiya in my pocket. But if I were having this gig is not the same if I were going to jump on the chest and start doing compressions. I would be like, oh shoot. Yeah. Yeah, I've had to do it though. So anyway, That's a thing. And where was I going with story? Oh, so the other stories I purchased my first Joey Feldman original piece of art. Hmm. Tell us about this. So Joey fog machine it in this fantastic. Fantastic Joey Feldman is a member of our pain community. A major collector of Mont Blanc Meister shook, especially the 149. He has like all the nibs but Joey is also a renowned artist from LA and he is a super cool dude. I was gonna say he's a super nice guy and we interact with him through various forums and stuff and I really enjoy his, you know presence in our community, but I love his art to and I had a couple Feldman Prince, you know, he does these sort of limited runs of It's you know, 25 or a hundred and there, you know signed by him or whatever, but I wanted an original so I reached out to his assistant Sarah and said, you know, I'm looking for a Feldman generally described My Vibes. I said, I know him through the fountain pen Community. I like black and white not too much color because have you met me and I don't have huge walls, so I can't really fit a 6-foot piece of art something smaller and She sent me a bunch of pieces that were available and I found one called baggage. Mmm, which couldn't be more perfect for me given what I went through in 2019 and it's sort of symbolic because now I own my own house and don't have to answer to anybody about what art I buy and I can put a Feldman over my mantle but I bought my first Feldman and it's beautiful and I get it out of the box and I'm like I've been waiting for this. Four weeks, you know and so excited and I put the command strips on the back of it to hang it up because I tried it with nails and it didn't work. So I stuck it to the lung and I'm like so excited and I hang it up over my mantle and I'm like two feet away from it and smack dab right in the middle right in front of my face has a giant dick Feldman is he's in he's an abstract artist and there's all sorts of, you know weird anatomical body. Parts that get into his pieces and lots of boobs and I'm like two feet from it and I had noticed it before and I was like, oh my God, it's a giant dick and then I look and there's another dick and there's another dick and I was like damn it, but I love it. I love the peace and it's beautiful and it just makes me laugh so much because you don't see it when you stand back, but when you're up close, it's like oh, yeah, that's a penis great. I love it. That's I love it. It's so beautiful. But the reason it's so cool. Is Joe. Is really a big part of our community. Yeah, and he just announced that one of the very last Retros is a collaboration between him and Lisa. Wow, so he did a retro 51 a few years ago with her. I have it. It's beautiful. He did a piece of art and it was wrapped around the pen. And it was very abstract white blue red and yellow. I'm really neat piece. This is a Four Color Series. So there's black pink yellow and blue and it is featuring his plague doctor. It's basically from its from actually Fast Times at plague Mont High which is a piece that was like the plague doctor face the profile in four colors black yellow pink, And blue with like a checkerboard sort of vibe. It's like a horizontal piece that he had Prince of and they turned it into a series of 4 pens and it's like powder coated, you know finial like on the back and the clip and the front part and there that what those hot colors mmm, and it's really really neat and so exciting. I'm so happy for them. That's so cool. So I will be like on the edge of my seat trying to acquire a set of those this week. So I'm it goes up this I I believe that it comes up this weekend, but I could I'm not a hundred percent on that. I will be furiously checking the Instagram and everywhere. So but congratulations Joey and Lisa on that really really cool collaboration. So excited maybe maybe retro will see. Hey this there's so there's still something left here. We want to keep going with it. I don't think that's what it is. I think they're tired and want to retire. Yeah, this sucks. Right? It's sad it sucks. But I do know that there will be another very exciting retro 51 coming out this summer that I can't talk about but there may be something coming this summer. So here we go. There it is choked on my Bellini there. I believe that's the episode and choked on my Bellini. That sounds like a sex thing. It's great. It works. So basically all this to say I'm on a ban. I cannot buy any more pens or anything. Okay, Jim Italy like I'm gonna ban you see who really like an accountability partner John be my accountability partner. Absolutely. Not no. Yeah because I also got a watch I like that. Yeah, y'all heard that long-winded stuff about watches in the last podcast. Yes when my eyes glazed over and I Got who I was for 5 minutes, and then the next day went to a jewelry store and made the Matthew Morris. Help me find a watch and I got a Hamilton that you bought you bought. Well, you bought well, thank I like it. I think it's cool. It's really beautiful simple understated sort of masculine sort of feminine. Yeah. It's called the Murph watch and it's actually the watch that was given to Murph in the movie Interstellar greatest movies ever. So good. I love Interstellar and I love the watch anyways, and then he was like telling me how it's like the watch and it has Morse code on the second hand to say Eureka which is like what she screamed when she figures it out what he's telling her through Morse code and was like, oh my God, I had to buy it. So anyway, I gotta watch I don't think this makes me a watch Person it look watch person just like it does like you're in a pens. You can be independent of its wisby or Allah me and go. I'm just into this one pin and that's it. Or you can have a temper. And everything in between I'm just going to be I think I'm going to be a person who's into watch is but like two watches that's really healthy like not like 10 know you don't want to be because what I learned is like you think pens are expensive watches make even cars look cheap. I was I was like shopping at this jewelry store called Moyer and it was great time. My man, Joe helped me out and I was like, oh my gosh, I love this. It was a Sago Japanese design there apparently like the super accurate beautiful timepiece. He's like don't bother with those watches over there. They cost more money, but you know, they're not as good as the grand Seiko and I was like, okay, he's like a very Italian kind of New York. He sounded guy. He's like, you don't want to buy those their crap. You want to buy the the grand Seiko and I was like, it's beautiful and it had this sort of pinkish techno texture dial to look like cherry blossoms. And you know how much into Japan I am was like, I love it. I want it. This is the one One he's a good $6,300 and I'm like, uh-huh and that's guys not prepared. And that's like a value probably not prepared. That's like incredible value for what that is to that's what everybody kept telling me. I'm like, that doesn't make me feel no, I mean, it's you again just like with pens you can spend a hundred or a hundred thousand or a million. I like low-key shit my pants and was like we need to re yeah. Sorry. It's a Y'all do not get into watches unless you you can be into it. Just it quickly escalate. Yeah, and you quickly realize just how much money you don't have very very quickly like you realize like, oh, that's cool. I like that vintage Rolex like that. It's $70,000 great like oh neat, but given Seven Grand you're like, okay cool. Like it's just there. It is telephone numbers at a certain point so To be into it to be in to watch is to really be into him can really be limiting. But you can also have a ton of fun with like 200 to 2000 you can have it you can do a lot of damage just consult friends who are into watches before you go buying something. You don't don't because you blow a lot of money really fast $7,000 on things that you're it's going to be worthless after you buy it. But if you buy right it'll be worth what you paid for it. Yep. Almost always that's why Took a watch person with me to go shopping because I didn't know what I was looking at. Yeah, so it not like fountain pens where you probably not going to sell it but we'll least with watches like we talked about with math. You can always sell them to get into something else so by right you can upgrade later. We have some questions by the way. Oh just just a few great. That sounds great. Let's round it out because I didn't prepare any character carries for this episode. That's okay. We can skip it for this week we can talk about will do these questions and get out of here. Alright. Alright some some quick firing questions here bomber jackets versus bowling alley jacket bomber bomber say okay on a scale of 11 to a hundred. How pumped are you for be wips zero because I can't go. I am very excited and it'll be this should air before the show. So if you're listening on the way to the show and joy, yeah, just go put your head down and do it tonight. Yeah about this John Kim. I'll buy you coffee. I'm not packing or anything. I'll get you I'll get you some Red Bull. No God no character Kerry will Hanna-Barbera characters. I'm thinking Yogi, boo boo Ranger Smith Huckleberry Hound. Oh my God, you look arella Etc, but I trust your quote. Judgment, well, we have to finish Star Wars. So we'll keep working our way through Star Wars and then we'll Circle back around to Bam Bam and Magilla Gorilla. Yeah yikes. That's love that that's a not a fountain pen on that one. You have to re-watch some old Hanna-Barbera right now. I mean, I'm not mad about it. Like we can do that and take a shot every time they make a weird sound or something Baltimore show prediction. I think strong I think it's going to be great show everybody I know is going cold. unfortunately I can't go and I'm glad and a lot of crab cake that's my prediction I am thankful in advance for John mewling things for me to people there yeah what we the next lemur Blackstone collab color unknown aye vote for purple but you know what is that Voodoo that you do so well what what I don't know is that a song I think it was capitalized I think so I think it's a what some brand you seen online do you like to bring to the US kasama kasama they're just too small of production right now to be yeah I mean they this they are such bespoke makers between Mark and Alvin it just takes so much time and work to each to make each piece that they just couldn't possibly maintain that level of standards and actually make enough for us to have I mean they could they could scale they just have day jobs yes and also they do take a lot of time I mean the engraving on that I'm sure took forever yeah I would love to have them here though Mark occasionally gets them shouldn't the Leaky nib just be a watch podcast instead. I don't disagree with that. Rude. What kind of watch would you be? I would be a Paul Newman Daytona handed. I'll I would be this Mark. So Mark of kasama talks to me about watches just back out of the conversation. No, no, no like it's fun. Like I liked it's not fun. It is fun. He's we talk like I love talking to him. Anyways, he sent me away. Watch that. He's like I think he would appreciate this and it was like a Seiko or a grand Seiko something or other with in Russia dial and rawdon. It's only available in Japan sure and it was like all this egg rotten like beautiful rotten and black like back in the dial and it was like sort of sort of like Spacey looking. Okay, I would be that watch. Okay, I would Honor recipient that one. Yeah, mr. Rotten a watch with rotten and a Russia. I know what Watch I think you're into now that I know that rotten and Russia is a choice for watches. If somebody would have just said you can be in to watch as they have rod and I would have been like oh, yeah, okay, but you know, I think I think you are. You don't know it yet. But someday you'll find out you are actually into watches that have diamonds on them. No, I think you will be No, okay. Do you know how much watches with diamonds cost? I didn't say you're going to have them I said you're going to be into it. I'm into vintage Rolex is I don't have any vintage Rolex. I'm like you're into Natalie Portman, but you can't have her right? Okay God what a McLaren F1. I'm never going to own one. Okay, like I want one. Okay, like I'm into it I get it. Yeah, you can be into Diamond decided washes. Yeah. I think you Loki would totally because I'm saying this Just because I've recently found. If you look at it again, I hate all of that. I don't like gold John. Oh, that's true. Yeah, he showed me something and the bezel is like rainbow colored diamonds or stones or something and it's like gold and it's like a hellscape no bodies. No. Okay. I don't like Rolexes. I know that's like a hot take but I just don't find them attractive. So it's okay. It's okay as you as you go through this journey, there's a bell curve with Rolexes just like Montblanc you go. That's stupid only rich people have those and douchebags and then you go. Oh, they're actually really good and then it comes back and you go, you know, there's a reason that they're number one. I I think I'm a just a Japan person. That's a I just I like the I like the Japan stuff that's good. It's cheaper than the Swiss stuff. Generally. I want to go to Japan Tokyo 2020 one right? There it is. You put it on the you put it out there on the podcast. Now I have to do it to do it. That's why I put the LI thing on so it's like some some some fire under my ass. I think I'm going to start small and just go to San Francisco in August yeah I'm hoping yeah that would be fun let's wrap the sucker up hi we wrap it up nothing to wrap up we're done here we're done thank you all thank you all for listening to John and I reconnect with each other after a month I mean yeah this is what it's funny we miss you we miss you as listeners how are you doing messages that's cool me also how you folks in them well you say well Matthew say how's your mama and them how's your mom doing mom and them there get something to eat Element can't buy here pay here. So good. Anywho, you can follow me on Instagram at Inky cat rights and online at Inky cat rights.com. You can follow John limor ink Lem you RI NK and visit my website lemur inc.com for all your fountain pen needs and you can also find us together on Instagram at the Leaky nib and the Leaky name.com. Write us on iTunes. Give us a thumbs up or stars or something. It definitely try to come to a podcast try and come to our Penn meet join us on Facebook who's your fan club? You can check us out but also try to come to a venture if you can if you're if you're on the fence, you know, like AI there's none near me but I'm thinking of going definitely try to go and make it to one will be you'll be a Chicago right indeed. Okay. I'm going to do you see I'll be in Atlanta and Chicago. Atlanta Chicago, that's as far as I know st. Louis is another great show if it's near you if you're in the Midwest. You know you go to Triangle to it just depends. That's when the new Academic Year starts. Okay, that was covid if you want but yeah, I'll be a DC and come find us. We'd love to see you and talk to you and hang out with you and show him over from your pain. I'll show you all of our pens and write it write to us at our PO Box. We will not guarantee any responses, but we'll try yes. Yes. Send us whatever you want except no mail bombs and New Hampshire. Have a good week you guys. Bye.