Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to be involved, don't forget.You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and that was the same deal you turn up and it was like this really weird ramshackle house and this like Guy come out with honestly. He had four teeth total. But nothing I just for teeth and I was like I could count them because he said well when there's some whatever accent is I hear to go on the boat and I went but I already committed. I was like fuck he knows I've got money because I've turned up here to do this boat thing. So I'd better go and but it's actually kind of cool. He showed me that like that alligator nests and all that stuff which was which was really yeah. It's kind of cool. I don't give a been on one of those things it cool. Yeah, they're pretty nuts. I got was like sliding it sideways and spin it around and fucking about spinning around that looks it's definitely it doesn't look like it's super stable those things. No, look it's not not like it's not like a jet boat, you know like a jet. Yeah, you can sort of spin around straight away, but one of them fuck that I asked him. I was like you ever tip on over exact now I seen one one time that it kind of tip over and but no not this one. Like oh my God, that's a scary ass. You're originally from Florida. No, that's that's kind of the Florida Panhandle. And then you you go up and you get kind of the Savannah accent and there's there's a bunch of them. There's a book. Yeah. It's just like London. Ah, I don't know. I don't think it's like London no many ideas in London. No, I just mean you go to you know, the you go to different neighborhoods in Earnest heed and there's different accents asteroid will pass Big Bend when holy shit. There's an alligator, but you know what, I fucking man too easy. So is the hours time Very quiet right now. Actually, just so going back onto the animals thing when I was at Albert's house and we're in his kitchen and we looked out his side window. I think it was and there's like four deer just walking through the garden and I was like, holy fuck. There's deer just walking through your garden. That is so cool. Yeah, they're kind of everywhere out here. I don't want to say they're like rats but if you've got something that you want to plan out in your garden, you better make sure that they don't like it. Well, I really did you not shoot them. Can't shoot them. I mean you could I guess if you if you want to I mean, they don't really do anything. They just kind of show up and she wants stuff and probably you could eat. Well, I mean you aren't even but like other people could eat them. Good night. Yeah, I guess this is kind of weird because it's like a residential area. That'd be like, I mean not for you so much to me because I know you live out like like in the middle of nowhere. I know but like if Tony just decided to pull out a gun and like shoot it. You're just back here like a like a neighborhood, you know exactly what California California you have to be 75 yards from a residence and 75 yards from a road. And but they did actually they made it. They made it legal to hunt turkeys with an air rifle because turkeys are such like a fucking They just flock in these neighborhoods and they just get into these huge flocks and they're not in areas. You know where Hunters are keeping their numbers down or anything. And so they actually made it you can shoot one in your backyard with an air rifle. Yeah, they walk down my call this act like, you know groups at 15 or 20 while yeah, it's crazy. But you know what? I also heard was if you're used to eating like Butterball or Foster Farms turkey and you kill one of them ones and you eat it tastes like shit. They're all muscley because they're living out in the wild. They're not here. They're not, you know, just sitting on a feedlot their whole life. Yeah, they'll taste better surely. It's they don't taste like a nugget it taste. Well, you eat Ian not good. You don't you don't the thing with them is I mean, the the dark meat is already much like useless. There's not much of it there. So like with wild turkeys, we always just press them out and just eat the breast. What a wise man just ate it all and there's hardly anything there man. Hey, how could I not an awesome and it is it isn't good. I got a question then ask so I said, okay so our come down. So 75 yards 35 yards from a residential life. So from like your neighbor, yeah. Yeah Boomer Boomer brick and Sue millimeters for no no, no. Right all and 75 yards from a house as far from a road. Sorry. Yeah, so can you if you if you put a gun on a drone could you just not go 75 yards straight up and show you guys what I don't you'd have to check with the FAA. I don't know I can can you put a gun on a drone? Can you weaponized drone appraisal? Alien? I don't I don't know why not you'd have to ask you. Local municipality you probably get more in trouble for putting a gun on a drone then you would be just walking over to your tear and shooting it actually write it is it is an FAA violation to shoot a drone down true, but it must also be an fa fa a violation to have a drone in someone's Garden though. Wouldn't it? You don't own the airspace above your house. It's a huge thing out here. I thought it was like there was there was a guy there he feet above your house is you like your own space? Yeah, I don't think so. But there was there's like there's been people go to jail. This guy's like 15 year old daughter and her friends were like laying by his pool and someone was filming him with a drone and he took a 12-gauge out there and shot the thing down. He went to jail. Yeah, but I mean, that's that's I mean, I would do the same wouldn't you? Yeah, I'd like some fucking crazy dude with a drone is filming creepy. Dude, yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Maybe I gave maybe what I asked might have been slightly ridiculous but slightly, but it was a valid question and it was definitely worth asking. Kia Ora and welcome to The Machinist therapy hotline, we've reached episode 22 and by Jolly am I excited about this episode because we're going to be talking about coronavirus. So to make sure that none of us currently have it. We should check that. We're all here and we're all alive. So first of all, Tony Clouser, I just took my temperature at think I'm good and I'm a little I'm so I don't have the coronavirus. Perfect Albert Brooks in ski, is it normal to have pus when you have the coronavirus? Well, let's not talk about that. Let's say please hold. And we'll put the nearest representative on to help you out and Shane pool. I've always enjoyed Pacifico more than Corona. So I'm good and me Jody tuckwell in New Zealand 0 coronavirus. Oh, yeah. Let's get on with the podcast. Well here we are kids episode 22. Yeah, it seems like currently the world has gone completely mad or madder than normal. So I'd say so before before we get into specifics about economic downturn of coronavirus. What's your take on? This current Global. I think they're now calling it a pandemic. Is that right? Okay. So Shane wash your take don't don't go into a total rant about it. Just just a quick summary. Yeah, good. Good. What I'm Tony thank you. I'm you know, I get that it's new and there's not, you know, they don't know a whole lot about it and they're not sure I entirely how it spreads and things but As far as I'm not worried about it if that's the answer you're looking for. Okay, Tony. I I really don't know anything is if you look at social media or any kind of media that upload shit left like this all the time, so I'm not really looking at media like Yahoo, and the news and stuff because I think it's fake news, but I kind of hang out with the stuff on Instagram. And then one of the things I follow and maybe you guys will school me on this Atlas news. I did comments more but not so much believe them but I remember sharing this stuff you guys I should be summarized in this story. I think I think it's probably more serious than they're letting on because nobody believes anything fucking trying to say it's because they'll lie to you. It's sure as shit look at you so I think I'll get into this deeper. But I think obviously it's a lot worse there than it is anywhere else and I think we're probably okay here for now, but I've got more talk later, but that's my summary. All right, Albert. Um, I feel like there's a lot of hype around this and I think what it's hard for me to gauge this because the world seems to always have a knee-jerk reaction to everything and that's so annoying because you know, it's like everybody gets their panties up in a bunch over something that may or may not even be, you know worth worth freaking out about and as soon as it hits the news it's like instant panic. You know like the stock market went down and it's like what are you, you know, not everybody has coronavirus. Like how can you jump to these conclusions yet? You know Jody Holly Holly we come into that. Yeah. I think that it is a different form of the flu. There is no vaccination which is why people are spinning out. However, I feel so confident that there are some Absolutely, super smart human beings on this planet that would just fix this problem. And that's that's kind of where I'm at. That is your point. But I don't mean I think they can fix the problem if China would be willing to share all the information with the people that need to fix problems. And I don't think we're going to get that right away. Okay. Alright well that we sort of know where I personal views are now. I mean coronavirus has because of forget the fat it's coronavirus. It's just called it like just a virus or or or or is Albert had says a media hype now. It's amazing. What a media hype can do to the entire economy of the world. So my understanding is for example that there are almost First I think three million containers that are held up in and around China because of this which when you're talking about global supply chain and and you know importers exporters that kind of stuff that is that is worse than a cold. Absolutely. Yes. A little bit more. I don't want to say guilty but more I probably was the first one to dive into this out of all of us more than a rescue because if you guys notice I start sending this shit to you just for feedback and everybody was like, it's no big deal. It's no big deal. It's a cold and then you said how many people die of the flu every year and I looked into it and you guys are correct. I was like, okay. Well, you know, maybe there's no big deal with in people start saying well it is there a really big deal but There were medicine and treatment is you know a lot less than like if me or Boomer walks into fucking work care after work and say, you know, give me a shot because I got the flu. They don't have that over there and they're eating whatever they can eat and where the place where I actually started, you know in venue and I'm actually manufacturing area and and the you know, it's just that's why I kept sending it to you guys for feedback and you know, and then I start seeing like when I first started sending it to you. Like, okay. Well, you know 1,100 people have have it and 50 people died. Well, that's no big fucking deal, you know, but then I start seeing pictures and videos and these people that were dying and they weren't just like, oh, I have the flu or a virus and I'll fill well who not will touring to their feet and falling on the cement the pictures and photographs showed heads were planning on cement is wiring with blood by their heads and these people that are trying to look after them or wearing white mask going like you know, what the fuck is. I've been this Panic everywhere and it's like I'm sorry, if I have the flu I'm not going to do a header on to the fuck is sweet. That's like how do you how do you know that that's actually a picture from over there from what's actually happening right now. Nice don't ya this was my I'm not trying to play Devil's Advocate maybe a little bit but like do I mean think about it think about it like that? I think that the media in general wants maybe they don't they don't realize it but subconsciously they instill fear there's a lot of fear in the media and it keeps people scared and it kind of keeps people in line and I'm not saying to not be afraid of this because it is a virus and viruses spread rampantly or whatever but I think that we live in kind of a day and age now where everybody thinks that there's a pill for everything if you get sick you get can be fixed and it doesn't nature doesn't really work that way nature constantly. Balls and a new virus like coronavirus is kind of an example of that like it evolved quicker than we could basically keep up with it. Yeah, I agree. You know, I like I said going back on what's being said over there. I don't necessarily agree with the post and everybody's possible. What I'd like to do is look at the comments and not that that people that are commenting that meeting was like well, so the day after some more of those pictures of stuff like oh, it's just a flu this guy fell down. He's got it, you know a splattered head. No big deal. Well, it's like Well, if it's just the flu, then why the fuck are the people in China blocking one town from the other and their tunnels with bulldozers the one full of dirt and like, you know, all right. I'm not there. I'm not seeing this but maybe somebody really is there and seeing this and commenting this it's like it's I mean, basically it's all just a fucking bunch of Gossip at from where we're at unless we were actually they're seeing people falling down spot in your heads and watching the bulldozers coming fill the tunnels full of dirt. Still is still quite scary. You think there might be a little bit of Truth in them? It is scary but I will say that this also comes from the same country who thinks that like shark fin has some sort of magical medicinal properties like what or rhinoceros horn, right, like all sorts of ridiculous like and shit and that's and that's part of the issue too is there's it's the lack of Education. And a lot of the rural areas I had a buddy Army buddy of mine. That was a combat medic and he went and he spent a lot of time all over the world volunteering like six years and and he was telling me about like when he was in he went to Africa and he went to Haiti and he went to where was it. They had that big tsunami in Thailand or Taiwan somewhere over there. He went over there and volunteered a lot and he was just telling me how like just like your average everyday. Day person has no idea about like disease vectors or transmission or any of that sort of thing. And he's like, you know, they don't have any clue about you know, how diseases spread or anything and so the I mean at least that's what he said about about Africa and some of the other Southeast Asian places. I don't know about China. I do know that you know, it's a huge country and theirs You know you go to what is it? Shanghai Hong Kong Beijing, you know places like that or are I would say at the same level as you know, the you know, the Western World or in some cases, even you know at a more advanced level, but they have other places where I mean people were just living in mud, you know. Yeah, and so there's they don't have access to even very basic Medical Care and so I think that's Sorry, I just wanted to I just want to interject because you touched on something that I thought was key when you said that people are like living in mud, but I think that the real the real deal here is the population density of that country. It's like yeah astronaut and that's it. Most densely populated country. And how do you keep up with like levels of Sanitation of a first world country when you're that overpopulated? And it makes you one or two, but the densely populated areas were that was not where the main issue started. They was in an area that would be possibly any normal sized town in any Western World. I thought that started in like one of those like markets that they had where they just like killing animals and stuff it like Street vendors and there's like unsanitary conditions. That's what I heard, too. Is where the I'm supposedly start? Yeah. Yeah, but I mean that doesn't necessarily mean it's a condensed a populated area does it just means it was a market in a rural Place? Well, once again, we're not there to evaluate into to actually see, you know, what's going on. Yes, I was making all ization because China is like one of the most popular most densely populated countries in the world per capita. Well, like there's various that are not true. Did you guys see any of the videos of like downtown Beijing and stuff when this shit's going on? There's like the streets are freaking empty. They show a normal day. Would you can't even ride a scooter down the street and they're showing today where it's just there's nobody there walking around period so my my work colleague just flew back and had to fly through Hong Kong got into Hong Kong airport, which is the one of the busiest airports. And he is like show these photos of basically just him but also it's not bullshit. It's for real. Yeah. He said people just aren't going anywhere because the government say you can't go out you need to stay in so they go. Okay because that's what a communist state also does but he said he's giving his the airport and he's like is there's like 28 Days Later, you know, like we use water as a walking through and there's this is waiting for maybe the zombie apocalypse to run out and start trying to eat you. Brain, hey harry said, you know I was telling I was telling I think money been you guys when I was chatting with you guys. Like it's probably been three weeks ago. I was sent here on a Sunday game when I was watching the news on Channel 2 and it was like, okay. There's been an outbreak virus blah blah blah and they have this big screen TV set up in the aisle way of the airport there. Maybe it was the airport you're talking about and everybody's wearing their masks and stuff. But this TV was catching everybody that walked by it wasn't late TV was a scream the Monitor and but it had the ability. Ready to show if somebody had a fever because they're fucking head was glowing red and this one girls walking by with her child and they grabbed her and pulled her aside me like six people walk by and hear fine. They grabbed this girl and pulled her aside and asked her some questions and she shook her head. Like no, I feel fine. They grabbed her. Anyway, it took her behind the rows. Like I said that mean I might be propaganda. I don't know the fact that this TV was showing her fucking head going red like the detective that was pretty impressive, but I don't know if it's for real. Well not is because but I've had that in Asia for years, you know when they had stars that yeah, basically yeah, that's so most like Asian airports. When you go through any of them. There's not normally a you know, like a hundred inch screen TV. It's normally like this. There's one little dude and he's got what looks like a speed camera gun pointing at people and then there's a little we video screen like the X-ray sort of thing and you can see all these people walking through because as you walk through you like what's this cut doing fucking shooting this? Me and then right as you go through you can see exactly what you just described like all the different sort of heat motions of people and it must obviously picks up what's not just you walk in and you've built up a sweat. It's like right that cold fever style thing that it's looking for. Yeah. Yeah, that's that. They've actually been around for years and years. I think ever since the size that that's basically what they started to install most Asian airports. So, I mean there was what was there There was SARS there was swine flu. There was bird flu. There was a bowler and then I know Tony will know living in the Western United States was it like the mid-90s when Killer Bees were going to take over is that Lieutenant? Yeah, but they're in their time of the fire ants we're going to we're going to fucking take over everything Killer Bees were going to come and take over everything to the bees. I mean, it's you know, how many times Before is basically a bed and a point of view. I bet you know, what hold on. Hold on Jody. I mean if we're set if we set there with I mean, I understand Boomer, but if we all set there with that like whatever fuck and you know, what I've seen this a million times. There's going to be one of those times where it's like the shit's going to be for real. Yeah, and that's all I had to say. I mean, it's like nobody knows go do that that know I will actually I I totally agree with you there, Tony. He I think that one day it will be, you know, the one the the mass population killer like the Spanish flu or the bloody plague or whatever, you know, but I the sort of skeptic in me thinks that maybe these things now are there controlled development viruses that are like it's like having a fire drill at work. But on a global scale and go okay how the hell was the population going to deal with this and then suddenly seeing what you know, I I don't know. I don't like to be a sort of conspiracy theorist or anything but this an element to me goes. Ah, it all still seems I agree still seems a little bit lacks, you know, if it was a if it was like, you know, Children are dying people like between the ages of 20 and 50 a die. And I think that's a much bigger deal. Like then you then you've got a there's a of the entire Globe is going to be on lockdown, but when you know, unfortunately, it's normally always the elderly that died, you know, like the most cases so far. I've been like people in their 80s or 70 years or whatever that are a bit frail and because it's a respiratory virus it puts them into That almost the Mone estate and that's what kills them off and that's very unfortunate and I you know, and it is horrible. But if if it was going to be something that started killing off young kids, you know fit younger people than shit here. Then that's that is a completely different story altogether. Have you heard? I mean, I mean, you're on a good subject here. It's like I heard I read comments that said though is is it a coincidence that this outbreak seemed to happen where they were having the riots going on over there at this sentence such time and this could this be fabricated from the Chinese government to you know, get a few people sick put everybody in panic and then shut shit down because I wasn't even really up on what all the riots were about over there. And then you know because they were I did see some, you know video and see pictures of I'm know what they were fighting for but there was some shit going down over there in the same area and then all of a sudden this game out everybody's off streets Yeah. Wow, I mean we could probably go on all day about that weird. I mean losing theirs all the conspiracies about it being some sort of population control or or or even I read one and it was saying that they wanted to release kind of just some you know benign kind of Irish and study how it spread Welsh. Okay, but I mean I'm just saying what I read, you know people are supposed to look into it and different ways and come up with some weird thing. But regardless regardless of all of those things. The reality is that it has had an effect globally in the economic climate. That is true. That is true. No matter what no matter what that is. That is a fact that is happening right now. Yeah, and it doesn't I mean we've sent so much shit over there. I mean so Manufacturing in a hole when you got them doing it cheaper and I'll send everybody's in her house hiding you shouldn't get done. Yeah, how is it a Jody? I know you guys buy scrap from all over the world. I know China buys hell hell of a lot of it. Have you had anyone would like a container that was meant to go there call you up and say, you know, hey, do you want this because it can't make it over there right now. Well, we will actually forget the the point of destination is China. The reality is most like China's also just a hub. So a lot of people You know, I like container ships will go through into Hong Kong or whatever and therefore all of that stuff is being blocked out and containers even though they're not meant to be staying in China are currently locked in China and back the other way. And and like I said also if you've got all of those containers held up in a place. They then can't be used again for someone else to ship something somewhere else. Oh, so it's you know, it's like, you know, you like your kanban system is suddenly full stab it's because nothing's getting replenished every it's just pure still filled with stuff have it. So I'm there. Yo, I got Tanner's are the containers not moving because there's nobody there to move them or are they worried about the containers having the virus? That is a good question that I don't know the answer to I would assume it's because there's not enough people to process the containers. I that makes sense to me to I just didn't know so when we when we have containers come into the country, so we're like container drop-off area because we have so many come in and because of that we have to get every single container fumigated on silent. Yeah. So we, you know, we spend a lot of money so people come in Min and they they put in the special gas ones that go through into the doors and they've got fumigation things. And normally it's just to kill bugs and you know, hopefully tarantulas or anything like that, but I don't know about viruses. I mean, I don't know even if that's even a thing, you know what I mean? Like I always think it's a really good point because you know for like your California, you can't go into Oregon and come back any kind of fruit because they're really worried that you're gonna spread some kind of Fruit fly virus but I remember building tons of parts for the cable rail people that were sending them over to China to be installed and those people I think even come all touched on this when you send something to China you have to have special pallets to put this on is a certain type of palette. Yeah. That's true. Well, actually it's not just for China. That's just for everyone, you know, so, you know, so like for us sending stuff to America or Europe or whatever. So we have to have specially heat-treated sort of fumigated pallets. There are product would go on and then you know, they have to be certified that they have gone through this heat treatment process and that guarantees that there's not going to be any nasty bugs and whatever inside the palace, you know, there's oh yeah. Hmm. So I mean so it sort of leads us onto your supply chain and it got me thinking. I wonder how many businesses well, I mean, of course we hear about in the news about this economic downturn because of this coronavirus, but I wonder how many businesses have allowed themselves to be almost solely dependent on their supply chain either come in from China or through China because those people they're going to be in serious shit right now. I think they are there. Are ya I mean, I mean, yeah, I think it's you know, it just it's going to make a lot of people re-examine their business practices. There's there's a couple like aftermarket like car car park companies that I that I know of just off the top of my head and they they're they're almost like not a real company. Like they have a website it with a store on it and stuff. But literally everything on their drop ships from China they don't carry any inventory States. I mean, they're just kind of you know, like a middleman for this example de important and well no, they don't even import anything. It's all drop shipped from China. All right, so it's not even they don't even touch it. And so it's you know companies like that. Like I said, it's like not even a real business, but they're there at an absolute standstill and they're having to refund people's money and things and so I think we're going to see some of those kind of go by the wayside. Side or they're going to they're either going to go out of business or they're going to change their business practices. And I think it's you know, it's going to cause a lot of people to kind of re-examine how they do things. Like, I mean, you know, we're so dependent on on things coming from other parts of the world that it it. I mean it's going to it's got to be kind of a wake-up call, you know, if absolutely nothing is coming in then there's going to start to be short. Is and things and you know how the Western world is these days, you know, everything is convenience and it's right there, you know, you click the button and it's at your doorstep tomorrow from Amazon, but if that doesn't happen people are going to start to get a little Restless, I think. Yeah semiconductor times. I think you touched on something pretty key there. When you said that we live in this kind of instant world where people can just click a button and get stuff and I think that that's it's kind of part of the problem. I mean, that's why I think that we end up having so much manufacturing go overseas because that instant, you know, click of a button type shopping or Amazon experience. I mean that is what creates the demand and it's a demand that we can't keep up with and that's why we I have to go overseas. So I don't know maybe short-term and to be bad for our economy may be long-term. It would be good for the economy. But you're right Joe D. It does definitely make people gun-shy in their decision-making process with stuff and I think that how much of a lamb or lion you are when you're making, you know, purchasing decisions kind of dictates, like what the economy ends up doing is actually you guys know a little bit about my business, but I do a lot of the semiconductor valve He's and when we first started we started with one part number and we're and thousands and thousands and thousands of those and then they told me okay. Well, we need to get you more Diversified into other stuff because the higher earners are all going to China and I said, okay fine. So I started doing another valve bodies this that and the other smaller quantities and then all of a sudden but a year later I get a call from one of our buyers and he's like, hey trying to had a small hiccup over there. There's sin in their bodies over here and the regulators and they're leaking and they can't seem to figure out what's Going on metal. The metal surface is not ceiling. So we need you to fire up their run is the few thousand of these because when China has a problem, they can't just you know drive an hour and a half down south like I do and discuss it with, you know, QC and get to the root of the problem. I mean everything that comes from there if it's going to come over for you to check is on a slow boat from China and we're talking not overnight. We're talking a long time. So it was really weird to get You know in order for like six to eight thousand valve bodies because that's how long was going to take them to figure out the one problem that they had and you know the like I said all the higher Runners went over there and there's a lot of them and I'm not sure what's happening now over there, but I know apples got some issues going on with the product trying to get back over here. A lot of people got issues and we're pretty slammed right now and we were bat before the No virus, but I don't know. I mean it's like what you said we send everything over there to get it quicker and cheaper. Okay. I think we're already in the process to bring you some stuff back on Shore at least that's no been the buzzword for the last few years, but I don't know. I mean luckily for me my customers. Like I said, I'm an hour 45 minutes south and and they've been loading this up pretty good because I mean we can do everything they need to have done but It's not as cheap as what they're used to but in this time it is what it is. You kind of got on wonder because I know I know who your customer is. And I mean they're they're no they're not small potatoes, you know, so how many do they have shelved that's going to hold them over until they're going to have to make a call to somebody probably you and say, you know, hey, we just pulled the last, you know, five hundred off the shelf and we need a whole hell of a lot more in a hurry, you know. Yeah, I don't know either. I was just gonna say that I don't even remember I talked about when for one of our customers when we went to the states went to their purchasing place and they had this big screen and they had all of their suppliers listed on this screen and we one of them they clicks on us and it showed the map of where we are it showed that. Type the product types that we Supply and where they go and it had a Newsfeed send below it and it showed it was really weird. So there's just a there's just a like a little road just around the corner from us and it come up and said it's called Blenheim road. So there's you know, it's not a big road. It's just like a semi busy road and it said water pipe burst on Blenheim Road and that bit when like yellow and and and and Dishonesty this I wish I could have taken a photo of her or I'll be able to show you guys because you would be like, holy fuck. This is though the the really really big players. This is how they do their business when they do Logistics and purchasing. This is the data that they're looking at. They're looking at where we whereabouts the businesses they're looking at what's around it? And I said at the time I was like, holy shit. Imagine what it must have been doing when we had all the earthquakes. Here, it must have just fucking the whole page buses. You're gone flashing neon. Like you can't don't buy from these guys. But you know, if you've got good relationships with the purchases and you can you can sort of massage the you know, what people are saying it's bad isn't bad because you can still Supply then then that's really good because if someone's only looking at the media news feed you would think that but Italy everything is shit. Is it but it was impressive like I've never seen anything like it it was fucking almost scary. So they probably know you know, when your last power outage was and all that sort of thing. Absolutely. Yep. Yep. It was yeah phenomenal and I don't know if anyone else that listens to this has ever experienced or seen something like this as well. But I it was a real eye-opener to me. I went wow, but you know the things that you think could be like, you know how sometimes things happen, you know, I don't understand why this is happening. It's probably because of this type of I don't even know who created this system but it's it's like a whole big brother purchasing system. It's yes quite phenomenal, but you know, it's ait's can relate a little bit on that because we bought our see and then it's probably been about 10 years ago or something. It was a CNC CMM and the guy was a wins all and the guy we ordered it. And yeah, Looked at as our location or address and then also not getting email from him and he's also we're going to have a guy up there. You can install when it arrives, but I can see from Google Earth that there's a set of train tracks this 20 feet from the back of your shop. I sure hope that those aren't active anymore because that will definitely affect the accuracy of your CMM. I'm like really, you know, there's train tracks behind my shop Jesus that and then using Nears the matter of fact, they turned it into this little fucking path where people are supposed to walk in and join their life and it's basically just a road for oboes different from one street to the next week all hobo highway, but you're right. There are train tracks behind my shop in the fact that he knew that he was going to come calibrate. My CNN was kind of strange. Yeah, that is strange a stop the podcast cast Shane Albert. I believe there's a little thing you want to talk about today. Let's go. Yeah, so we begin a lot of messages about you know, where people can get stickers at and so we're going to we kind of got something kind of cool coming up that we're going to do you want to talk about that Bert? Oh, well, I think we're going to all be doing kind of our own little version of our own stickers here. Well, I have all the normal mph stickers like the robot logo sticker book. Thank each one of us is gonna do kind of our own little twist on it. That's right. And so if you want some stickers right now, we have the Hank stickers and we have the amazeballs stickers. And so we set up a Email account. It's machinist therapy hotline at gmail.com. Send us a message with your address and which sticker pack you would like and we'll get them all sent out and then look for the Boomer and Albert stickers coming soon. Jeez, I just sounds like sodden. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I almost started. Okay, let's just get on with the podcast woes. Okay. Well what let's let's go. Let's change tax a little bit here because I think I'm starting to feel sick and I'm hoping I'm not getting coronavirus. I think we need to sort of lighten the load up a bit now Tony. I understand. I don't want to spoil the surprise for everybody. But I understand that something that you have personally touched. Is currently around the neck of a global pop Superstar is that true? That is true. It's your the neck or the waist. The matter of fact that videos goes to drop tonight at midnight. And from the teaser that I've seen. It's basically a spiked belt and it is around Lady Gaga and the reason it is around. Lady Gaga is because this gal that has this shop in Brooklyn New York. She's on Instagram. It's called bitch fist, it's generalist bitch where I've been sharing some of the steps of the making with you guys for a while now and then some of her photos and she's you know, I can't remember how many followers she had when I first started following her and actually her dad. Dad, he's also back East. Also he reached out to me and asked me if I could make some of these things for them and it's just basically some aluminum spikes and and this girl creates some really beautiful pieces with them and you know, they've been on a lot of important people, you know. Billy eilish she's you know did pretty well this year and music and she was on the front of the Rolling Stone wearing one of her chokers and has a lot of yeah, a lot of other girls on her page. If you go if you go give her a follower, you'll see a lot of people on her page that are pretty popular and the fact that some of this stuff ended up on Lady Gaga guys pretty pretty amazing and it's actually really really neat and I Excited for her and you know, it's like I said, I mean I you know, I make a lot of stuff never know where it goes, you know, where it ends up being used or how everything pans out. But to, you know, get a video or a little clips into us today and show us where some of this stuff is ended up is pretty cool. I think this is a great example of how you know as a machinist. Engineered sort of like work hard in person you how you our industry affects everything, you know, like so many people go. Oh, yeah, but you get all dirty and you do this and you're going well actually if you are smart enough and you can understand what we do in our industry. We affect every single thing that you touch during the day, you know, there are people that make in the die molds for you know for cars and this Saturday. They're in your phone. But I mean you've made a piece of art for this sounds like a very talented like artist for chokers. And this is now on an international Superstar on a video and you made it. I just don't think that's amazing. It is it's really cool. I mean, it's like, you know, we did some different styles different lengths we did something, you know, I mean, she's got a lot of popular things people are wearing a lot of the shorts bike too. Joker's I've seen today on her site people are wearing them around their waist. Some of the guys weren't around their shoulders and it is just all about fashion and you know some of the ones that I never longer, I mean, I mean three inch 4x6 inch 8 inch and the 12 inch spikes and they got my showed you guys a couple pictures. I mean it yeah, that's from 3/4 all the way down to 1/8 of an inch. And the only way I was able to achieve that was turning the between two spindles backwards on the on an Akuma LT. Other than that, I have no idea how the hell anybody else be able to pull that off because I mean it's yeah, that's a long freaking pointed thing with flimsy written all over it. And you know, the first ones you guys know me and my quality of my finish. I made the fuckers way to smooth away too shiny. And so when they sent them the powder coating on the shit with stick really cool, but can you make him rougher because I mean the park Goat won't stick I said hell, yeah, I can so I increase my feed rate made him rougher. We made a few changes, you know, and we just he had I'll call up and tweak this tweak that and it's you know, it's been really cool. I mean because I get in this job and I'm in there a lot. You guys know that it's neat to see something differently, even though it's going to go somewhere else different than the whole spectrum of what I normally do and and she's been really appreciative of y'all and of that quality and stuff that we provide her and it's just it's just really neat and you know, and she's kind of reached out to me with some, you know asking me if we could try some new shapes and Designs is not for do a collab and possibly make a little video of how you know us manufacturing them in the you know, United States and then, you know, a little video of them beating powder code in the whole video for assembling them and and To prove that they're done here. And yeah, it's kind of cool when you can do you can do stuff like that? And so I think it's going to be neat. I'm going to ask her for one of those spikes chokers myself so I can actually wear that one running the equipment that I'm going to eat one for Dexter. Also, I thought it was about a site you you need some Mike why I saw you need to get out of my q1 and maybe get her to sort of embroider MTH in the middle of it and then you need to be standing next. You need to be standing next year LC in your undies. We're in your choker. This got em th on it IDE, and I just being cool but being totally badass or all looking at the camera in the very intimidating way because I know you're really good at freaking me out man. Calm down. It's a good look for you man. You have to believe in this stuff. You're making this is true. I do I have to get into it deep. You gotta get into it Dave. Yeah, that's the lights Arnie. Oh, no, no, no choice. I'm excited. I'm excited for her and I'm glad that she didn't mind me sharing this with you guys. Yeah, sorry. So what do we give her? Can we give her a plug? Sorry, you know, you know, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, so what was her name? And what's her Instagram? What do we need to look for? So the sir Graham is bitch fist is exactly as it sounds it's one one word yes it's bitch fist and it's NYC genderless bitch where her name is jute her dad's name is Jim and then they've been you know contacting your for the last few months and like I said we've been working on some designs tweaking this then yeah they're making my shiny shit a little bit more rougher so the powder coat stick to it and yeah I think I think she's gonna I mean this is really I mean she's already accelerated pretty heavily in the last year or so that I've been working with them and you know to have this shit on Lady Gaga on the video dropping tonight it's going to be huge so that is amazing hey it's fucking cool I think it's very cool I think it's so sorry her name was what sorry and then was juge yeah joj huge so I think that Like she's also showing that you know, if you've got an idea and you want to make it happen, you need to contact a machinist and will do whatever you want. It's all there for the taking. This is true. It's pretty cool. And it sounds like you know, she's she's making it all in the country of origin which and I think that if anybody in any country can do that, I think that's brilliant. Yeah, it is. I mean, like I said, I'd make the spikes and then they go to them and then they get powder coated but she has like a her stories her putting them together and the different colors of the coming up with and you know and neon or chartreuse or whatever. It seems to be popular. And yeah, she shows herself building them and and shipping them out and people just have to have them and it's you know, some of them are pretty freaking big and scary. Some of them are, you know, not so scary but you go to her page and check out the beach. Look at your wearing them. There's this one shake on there. That's I don't know man. She's scared. She has this mask on and she has this fucking baseball bat with fucking heels and she's fashion or Piñata. I mean if I saw her and her backyard, I would fucking run. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. I remember when you were dressed up as the dude that had the baseball bat with the nails and the fucking who's the dude no mustache. No master s that's right. You're naked. Yeah. No, I see you. That's your scene. No, well the out you go check out our page after we get done here. That one that birthday bitch is scary. Wow, but sounds that sounds awesome. But I think it's all about fashion. In about what the cuddly musical industry and stuff like that, but it's yeah be cool. Hey Albert since your last time we spoke you did, you know you done your trip over to California and sort of, you know went to the trade show and as anything else owns lost your headphones as anything else come of that if you if you sort of manage to like, you know, get some really good contacts and they sort of led into something called. For Yam, you question. I heard I heard this they to be honest. I mean that stuff kind of seems to always take time to develop but I really haven't been super good about following up because when I came back, I just pretty much hit the ground running. There's so much stuff that I had to kind of like deal with when I got back. I just have been going kind of non-stop here trying to keep up so it's good. Just there's just a lot going on. So. Okay. Okay. We'll remember machinist therapy Hotline in here for you with yeah. I know it's just you know, this like business owner seems to come in waves for me. I don't know about you guys but it always seems to be kind of feast or famine like we've been fortunate enough to have always been like pretty busy. But you know, it's a roller coaster and I'm sure you understand Tony because I'm sure you fucking With it every day. Yeah right now I'm in a tsunami and I'm not winning. Oh, no really turn off then it's really tough because you want to you want to make anybody happy. You want to please your customers but like at what expense? Yeah. I know you long long ass days. And you know, how many 16 hour days in a row you work before you start Food Mart here in a nutshell. Here's a real quick this one of these wineries. You guys hit me up for these Acme threaded shaft that goes and holds his fucking wind or shutting this big fucking wine tank where rich people drink wine from when they have their own Leisure because they can they don't have to work until 7:00 and then go home and drink wine. So they want to know if I can make these parts. I said fuck acting make these parts you provide the material that takes out of the equation then this is another thing I want to talk about on one of our other episodes and how people's asks about it is quoting jobs because I suck at it, but let's just put that under and as we've already done that. I was asleep during an episode but I want to talk about coding jobs because I really suck. But so I quoted this job. They're going to provide the material. I'm going to make these threaded shaft. They want to add two inches to Acme thread to it blah blah. I think I've already made you some acne threads and shafts and stuff. So it's pretty close to it. So I kind of quoted it like that but a little bit higher we'll come to find out the last ones I did was a 10 pitch and this one is a 6 pitch when you go from a 10 to a 6 and it changes the inscribed Circle. To the bigger insert. So then you have to buy a 5k new holder and then you have to buy a new insert in the inserts are like fifty two dollars a piece for a fucking lay down Sandvik three-sided fucking acting threader and then you have to get the insert or the the seat that goes underneath of it that didn't Klein's it's like four degrees so you can actually cut through it correctly this time the other well-known story short by the time that I totaled up everything I spent yesterday to create this thread. shaft basically paying them so I can make their acne thread shafts and then come the this is something I was going to do a post on but I'm not going to Sandvik used to be you order it tonight and tomorrow at 10:00 UPS no problems no problems get it done at a certain amount of time next day if yes well I found out today the hard way that's an event got rid of ups and now there's FedEx and will fucking fed exed you know what we don't do what makes their we're going to do it two days so today it will be Hank was at the door waiting for the fucking UPS guy too late brought was some fucking labels the boss lady and he will be hanged in good standing box so it gets on the phone and he starts talking to his fucking tool guy and he's like yeah well you know what I do so I don't know that either it's gonna be there tomorrow fuck FedEx are absolutely shit bowls yeah yeah I second that Yeah. So anyhow, I don't have an opinion the bumper they had like a great UPS Reds red saver special because we would we would do I'm too like if we break it to lure we needed something like an emergency like I can order UPS read savor. It would step out of Kentucky and I'd have it the next day and it only cost me like 13 bucks or something. It's been like that for 20 years and then all of a sudden today, I learned this not like that. That for FedEx we had the scientific like we use DHL when we ship things out and it's easy you go. Here's your number. Here's the thing and it just and somebody someone's got the part straight away. But FedEx, I mean like when we've been doing this install with a the guy come over to do the install for the CMM and the guys in Australia, they love using FedEx and they get so we're going to send this calibration equipment over and they sent it on freaking choose day or something last week and It's suddenly it was supposed to be delivered a certain like at five o'clock and the guy the FedEx guy must have turned up and he must have saw all the lights on and went. Oh there can't be anyone home. Even though all the fucking lights are on and then drove away and you're like, but we need the equipment to do the CMM fucking hopeless. Yeah, they're a big pile of dog shit. I don't know as I say, that's just my opinion. Sorry. That's what opinion. Used to have DHL here and they were competing with everybody and now they're not fucking side to be seen. You know, why bore? No, I haven't seen him in years. Yeah, but something I can add to that. I don't know. How many days Saturday's I've wasted going in firing everything up. You know, we got the material overnighted was Saturday delivery. We got to make the part and I'm sitting around as check the tracking I checked the tracking and it says it's coming and then I just end up sitting around and it never comes and I watched the truck drive right by our fucking shop. And so then I shut everything off and I go home. Then I just wasted, you know half a Saturday chef with FedEx. Yeah, UPS usually always gets it there. So, I mean, we're not we're not we're not really trying to hate on FedEx. It's just that they're for people in this room. Jess are honestly hey. I think that's the smaller deliveries. I get material delivered a lot of FedEx, but you know what? It really does suck. I'm trying to unload 10 bars of 2 inch round stainless steel 12-foot bars out of the back of a fucking box car and FedEx is too fucking cheap by a flatbed or a curse to drag it out the back and settle on the palate and then release it turn around and take it from the side. Yeah. It's a pain in the ass. That would be a pain in the bum hole it is and you know, what when they load it they do the same thing. They pick it up with like three forklifts and they shove it all in there Ram it rip off all the fucking feet. The box is all torn open. The bars are all pointing 16 different ways. And by the time it gets to u 1 bar might be good. Thanks sucks. Hey, I've got a boy every now and again all I listen to other podcasts which we should do this is we're all in the same thing any well you might say that but I don't think that I know going so I did Listen to I was listening to the business of machine in the other day and anyhow there was there was a almost a throwaway comment there was a bit of a throwaway comment which sort of stuck in my head and okay hold on time out can you explain what is a throwaway comment well you know when like someone might say oh I had a know I don't know you but can you break that down for me please okay okay okay hold on okay here we go right you might say okay I had trouble with this particular job and I had a $2,000 bar it didn't really work and anyway and then you carry on with Else like it's like a there's a topic there which you could have delved into but just for whatever reason it wasn't the main topic of discussion. So I would call it like a throwaway like, you know, it was passed over. Yeah, it was, you know, just being flashy or something and they wanted to say how much money they spent my baby. I don't know that's not what it was going to be about but okay, it was it was more like if it was you'd be a $2,000 bar tab captain that would definitely be a throwaway little talk about that sort of topic. No I said that the two John's would sort of just talk in in in. I think it might have been John Grizz Moe. Anyway, he said oh, I know sorry all the other John whatever it anyway. One of them said, oh your business now is at a point where this the last machine that you've just bought might be the last machine that you actually know how to fully operate and run because the next machines that you get in you'll have people in place that are going to learn that more than You are and I sort of and I and to me I went. Oh, that's that that's quite a big topic there because there are a lot of there'll be people like for example you Albert with the way, you know, you've you've been growing your business as well and you Tony obviously, but like if you suddenly if you suddenly get more and more equipment this there will be a point where you can't actually know like a hundred percent the ins and outs of every single machine. You know me like they're all stacked layer. Sylvia point where and and I thought like for me personally, like of course, I'm not a business owner. I work for business. So I was in a different side of the topic that was instantly sprang into my mind where you know, I always write myself on the things I can do with all of the equipment that I really really know a hundred percent but in an operations role, which is sort of what I'm doing was I'm sorry it is what I'm doing there that it's almost like you're letting go of your identity and your part of your passion but you need to do that because you want to make a difference for the business and how you go forward and you know I think yeah you're tough and something super important here because I think that Tony and I definitely probably struggle with this because we told me and I probably got involved in this or we may be all got involved in this trade because we're good at that particular trade you know we were good machinists and we like Machining but then you get to a point with your business or maybe the business that you're in and involved in like you said and you kind of have to relinquish that control because you can see the bigger picture so you understand like all of the moving parts to the business that you need to make sure are moving to kind of coordinate everything it's not that you don't want to be doing Machining anymore but it's more like you need to focus on what you're best at and that's exactly what you're talking about your your the operations manager but it's not maybe your passion yeah well I saw yeah I think it's more of a the transition which I have always struggled with for quite a few years has been I know no I know how something should run a know how to make this machine sing I know how to dial something in so that it is absolutely perfect and then and then what you're doing is you've I'm not going to say that you stepped up a level but you your you've been put in a position that then has to oversee and look Way Beyond what's currently happening and that that in something means that when you're making These decisions, you know, like so I've made some decisions about new Machinery that we're bringing in. So like the latest machine that will be bringing in this DMG Amore the ntx 3000. I'm probably not going to know a hundred percent how to operate that machine and that's the first time really in my career where I've I'm going to be in that sort of position and I know that as probably as a business owner like you will get there as well at 2:00. The point where you go? Oh shit. I've been buying this Machinery, but I although I'm sort of know how some of it works. But like if if something to people that I've got that I rely on to make that those things happen and work disappear. I'm fucked. Well, I'm very much behind because I think that I do have to go down and learn it all you know what I mean? And so I wouldn't I wouldn't send me your fuck think that you're behind because yeah, you said that yeah your wrist if you if you where you were with your career in the position that you're in it would be because you probably weren't resourceful but you are there which probably means you're pretty resourceful and you're pretty sharp I guess I'm guessing so we could just just yeah you know I'll touch on this a little bit here's the thing I've been I've been doing this a long time but not moist my own own shop I mean I've worked at several other job shops and when I showed that I actually had a clue when it was you know involved and wanted to learn more I got sent out a lot of different classes and a lot of different places and everybody that I ever learned from was boys older than me and so I gave them respective touched on this before you know just take what you can from them and write stuff down and treat them with respect and learn but it wasn't until you know a few years back you know people that came into my shop and talk and I learned that you know I had an Akuma come in or I had star come in or I had pause come in or winds or whatever you know it's like I remember the day when one of the text came in to show me how to do something and I was fucking older than them like you know this is this is a first for me I've always been the younger and they've always been teaching me and now I'm older than them and they're looking at me like maybe I'm the old dude is not going to get this and I'm like man that's just that's just send it to myself it's kind of shitty feeling because I've always looked up to people to stop me stuff and here I am older than this guy's trying to show me stuff now and it's like well you know he's not showing any you know differences on teaching somebody that's older than versus younger than him so I'm just going to be fine with it but it kind of It kind of was The Benchmark for me and it's like wow you know what is going on with the what you were saying they're just like you know all the equipment that comes in your our shop or the latest stuff is coming to our shop I mean we're kind of a little bit different because we're so small and it's you know I have to know it because it means like you said I don't you know with living in California you never know what happier employees are going to show up or not so with that machine needs to get sparked up in the morning and ran or reprogrammed or whatever I mean I've got my fingers in everything and I have to learn it and you know having 10 to 12 scene and sees right now and stay on top of everything you know it's all I can handle but you're right I can't imagine being in your situation with the amount of people that you have all the shifts that you're running and all the new shit that's coming in you are going to have let go but hopefully I'm hoping for you that you have at least one maybe two people that you can trust that I'm going to blow the window out of that new thing when it comes in that they can learn it at me That man is scary is letting go is it is and I feel like it's because I'm sort of oh, no you get into that. You know, I'm reaching I'm going to be 40 soon. Oh my God. I know. I know Tony I know and I know I like it's always the thing is you are always the guy that we also looked up to and we wait for you to say things and but we're also going through the same experiences that you've had. and it's great to be able to share it with someone that's gone through that and and have that take on it, you know, and and for me personally right now, like like I said, I've always I've always known my shit because I've always wanted to know everything but if I like the more Machinery that we continue to buy and the different technology, but I can't I can also can't allow myself to get so involved and not our other people to become the best you know like it's this like you're right you don't want to let go yo I want to know everything I want to know how the CMM really fully works on this Noob like software program that we got I want to know how the 5-axis machine works I want to know how this but and that's not to say that I won't it's just that I won't be I won't be like the Guru at doing something you know and I saw you can learn side by side with a lot of it but like you said it's going to be tough to be a guru on 70 machines yeah yeah I just I just wanted to say to Tony you said you've got ten machines right yeah 10 or 12 something like that yeah okay so you can't hear I even can keep track of how many machines you have in basically you're the only person setting up and programming all those 8 exactly Tony I gotta I gotta give it to you like that's fucking incredible that is that's like a lot of fucking stress and work like if I'm doing that with like three machines it I feel like I'm pulling my hair out so kudos to you dude well thank you and I appreciate that I know I know kid your appreciates that too and that's it's tough and I don't just do have access setups I do them 100% so I could put any of my kids over there or anybody that comes in up the street over there I mean it's it's meant to run and run correctly and it is tough Jody it's given stuff up and you know I wish I had somebody that was standing next to me that had you know what I thought that they took to you know teach them more and walk away I just don't have that yet I've been searching for a long time and most responsible person that I can put over there and say look do it like this no matter of fact I want to put this out there right now you guys saw a picture of those big-ass fucking studs that I brought back from Oakland right in the back of the truck yep yep okay so I delivered their first set I ran all hundred and thirty of those by myself I delivered that set well their Mill is still broke so they sent me back with a hundred and eighty two to just put Flats on no big deal it's just you know regular steel but I put it in a rotary and anyway I said Katie up with that and she ran all hundred eighty two of those fucking big ass does plus ran all the blanks on the alt or the yeah the lt15 and I mean that's the thing that I told her I said look this has rotary has a stupid spring on this Chuck key so you can't leave it in but it's a pain in the ass trying to put a shaft in here pull it against stop that I have set crank it down and then take it out breast Go I mean it's going to want to pop out and fall on the table I said so you need to be able to put this Chucky on this check pull this part against the stop crank it shut pull it out press go if you leave this Chucky in and the spindle comes down it's going to break off all the fucking coolant things going to crash the spindle it's going to be the check he's going to fuck up the whole world you got this and she ran Hulk hundred eighty two and I never had to look back now if I had somebody else I probably would you know I don't know if I would have been able to make it through the day or the day and a half that it took to do that without looking over the shoulder because that's scary as fuck I mean this comes right down and all the fucking Hardware's therefore the cool and he's you just need somebody to grasp that this is like it's like a this goes wrong it's going to go really wrong yeah well I think the office knows like how good your relationship with Katie is to I mean obviously you guys completely trust each other yeah I mean if you're exactly right I mean i-i don't see you know the three of us if you guys were there doing I would say the same thing that you and I would feel confident about it but it's just it's just the one time that you give some responsibility like Jodie says letting go and giving responsibilities and buddies like this is really really really important and then let's yeah it's just it's so hard that's the hardest part for me is let go and Katie calls me on that all the time it's like you're doing three machines and setting up one you need to give another one to know the guy well you know what this the tolerance we test hey you cheesy right that's right because right if you've got on your plate you run a higher risk of making a mistake and if you're really not saving money or getting more done so it's out guys multiply or divide the workload multiply the success of something yeah I mean like to be fair like I think the fact that you I mean Katie got on there and at the end of the day she's been living with the biggest stud already so she probably knows how to do that that's right well we've reached the end and Jeepers Creepers we've covered everything we've covered viruses we've covered pop stars we've covered ourselves in chokers it's been epic thank you everyone for being a part of this thanks Tony thanks shyness thank you thank you Albert thank you so until next time please remember to subscribe to the podcast on your preferred podcast platform and we look forward to talking to you next time okay we'll see you soon bye waiter yeah