Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom. I study at screen. Why's that? I mean I am in my it's actually my final final year. Yeah. I mean we do deep breathing every morning it some love because how he going to speak on stage without breathing. I had a class with Natasha McNamara. Oh, she's a delicate a yes. She does that work. Yeah, and she's like you don't breathe and I was like Like well I do she's like, yeah, but it's all up in the chatter. Like I know I know it's like she read me really well though. I do have to give her that she was like, you know why you're doing that actually you're scared of the vulnerability. You're scared. Yeah, and I was like, it's yeah, so it's traffic and superheroes. How about it like literally forget to breathe but like it's like a flu. Yeah breathe properly. I forget all the time. Yeah, just because also when you do deep when you do deep breathing, It puts you in this like it brings out all those emotions. Yeah, you're more susceptible small Mmm. Mmm more susceptible to all those harder emotions. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So so what else do you do? It's great wise. It's like I know it's basically a since great. Yeah Mason screen. We do do a lot of theater stuff. We've done like heaps of fear stuff with Phillip cloth stand like been Matthews just to throw out. Name, but you know, it is based on screen. We've been doing a lot of like emotional recall stand. Oh, yeah, you told me a lot of like they classify themselves as a message school. So a lot of it is like, you know bringing that Trauma from the past, which I mmm-hmm. I have mixed feelings about it. I I agree with it on some level but then I also think that it has the potential to be really damaging for in. Absolutely. I think that there's it's like yes, you need to access his emotions that you need to keep yourself say personally the way I see it is kind of with the you know, like emotional recall and you know, they're like, what would you do in this situation and I'm like, but I'm not in this situation. So what I would do is basically irrelevant, I understand why it's done because it's like yet. I know your character is meant to like George. She's from yourself. I understand that but I'm just like, you know, if the character is you know, like You going to whatever situation in fact what I know I would do something completely different and irrelevant to the journey of the pace. It's like how is that gonna help me and also we would doing the lovely thing though about screen wise is that we do get different teachers coming in teaching us different methods. Yes, we get like the Stella Adler method which is to some extent method but also she doesn't fully delve into the trauma aspect of it. Ivana Chubbuck is like insane but we've been doing like Eric Morris which his like approach is just be yourself. Yeah, right. So you're just saying which I think Ken and Carla. Yeah. Yeah, I think he's I think the underlying reason for that for him is that if you can be yourself and you know how to authentically portray the character absolutely because I think if you don't bring elements of yourself, then you box the character off and it limits and then you can like they become kind of Not mechanical, but they just become this except word. Yeah, I always look at characters is like is it a Venn diagram how it's like the two circles and they kind of like meet in the middle a little bit. That's kind of what I say. It is Meryl Streep who is probably an emerging artist to somebody probably and she says she always finds Has self in the character first and then works I'll start and then finds the differences. Yeah, exactly. I mean that's what the word for word quote. But yeah so graciously yeah, but yeah, no, I think it's important to find yourself within the character but then also acknowledge that there are those differences and then work from there. Yeah. No, I agree because it's like if you can't relate to them that's like how is this serving you? Yeah. Because I find that the best roles for me are the ones where I can look at that person and be like, oh, yeah, fuck I've been through that. Oh, I know they don't like you empathy for. Oh, yeah, I think any action you have to have a you have to kill you don't have it. You know, I know exactly its existing on the point of existing. I think I was chatting to it was illegal in a cup. Maybe it was perfect. But I saying how like is Just existing in life. Yeah, is that method acting? Yes, because I feel like in a way it's like no matter what circumstance or in you always kind of play up a part of yourself or you kind of play this Persona or like I don't know. I feel like you're always doing something it's like, you know and so much was like to you and you're like you don't like me like I hey, how are you? I'm gonna be getting actually care about ya know. Yeah. I it's a really interesting thing like is Doing method acting I think it is because I don't know it's great because that's really funny because in class today we were talking about. We were doing performances and teacher was like he was like at the end of the day in a saying or just Living Word by like you're just living every second by second reacting off what the other person is really like in everyday life. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, but ya know and I think that everyone's like oh, but you know, you need to be true to yourself. You need to find yourself and I'm like, how can you be true to yourself and yourself? It's a different version to everyone who sees you or like, depending on what circumstance Orion it's kind of like you change to Sudan. Oh, yeah, I think we're always changing depending on like however, I like conversation unfold. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. It's like me at work is completely different to me right now different to me at home different to me like you were what are different person? Every like depending on where you are with who you are with who like? Yeah. Well gee, it's like I would my parents I'm completely different to what I'm yeah exactly and it's like work environment. So I guess I am working in customer service. Should I get an Oscar because I am performing the role of a customer exactly and it's like what I wonder is when does the curtain closed and doesn't have a closed because it's like You know say you're like a learned in your room at 10 p.m. Yeah, but it's like you're still texting people. You're still engaging with other people. You're still play like the way you perceive yourself. You might still be playing a character quote-unquote character. So it's like don't forget never closed or is it like when it was just playing in this world like living? I think that's just I feel like it's just one big. So what exactly and for me I do this and maybe it's because I am studying at the moment and I'm trying to like find out you think yeah, like every day is like every experience like outside of class is like an opportunity for me to to play and use that in my Minecraft. Yeah, but yeah. It's I think it's just I mean, I don't think the curtain ever does close. No neither. I don't. Like What would life be if it did close? You know what? I mean? Like, what would that look like? Yeah. No exactly. Mmm, but I think it's very interesting thought. Yeah, I'll probably know so many people would be like, oh no like that's like really I don't know like controversial or whatever. I think it's controversial because I think that you know, yes either reflection on how Society were because I know I do it and I know a lot of other people that do it like, I'm sorry. I say it happened like I say it with me. So I clearly even have a change. Yeah watching Strangers Like interact. Like you can see it how they're changing depending on what the other person is telling them or giving them in their facial expression like yeah. Mmm, so, I don't know maybe we're all just method acting maybe we are did like maybe my birth was like me coming into my Oscar winning film and it just how they haven't caught yet. That's it they have Not called card and then when they do, where's my own Scott literally, but yeah, I think it's something to think about because I feel like if we're all acting and then die like them. What is then what exactly what is acting if we're all doing it? Yeah, and then it's like a foothold doing on a day-to-day what makes a great actor and all that. I had to drag you said that great acting is active listening. Hmm and just react I think great acting is not what you do, but it's what you don't do. Yeah, I think that that is and just allowing yourself to be affected by the other person and to live in a moment. Yeah, like I find that it's like yeah, I would love to see people when they perform and it's like you see them like going through the motions, but it's like I'm not even saying anything it's just as you say Did you tell her anything in the moment? Yeah, exactly. That's why I love improv. I mean all that I can do it but I love watching it because I think that it's just so thrilling because you have no choice. So you have to be in the moment amount of female characters who just like like their story arc is literally like, oh, they're so unhappy. They've gone through a heartbreak. Oh and then they fall in love again. Oh, absolutely. I like the amount. It's because they're written by men. So it's like a man cannot ride a female story that is not centered around a man. Because men think the women were over on them and even like new things as well. Have you seen invisible man? Who was with Mom? You did say it. Oh my God, didn't you think didn't you think that the fucking card stock was terrible? I was like, what is this? Like there's no development. I did there was I I just hate that it was like this story centered on the woman mmm, but it was still about the man. Like I'm not going to my body. I'm not gonna spoil the movie but I think you know exactly what I'm talking about. And I was just like, how can you imagine nice? Hey I was like and then I was talking to my friend and she said no, but it was so empowering and I was like, no it was given to make about the man. Yeah, even though the story was about how it felt like it felt like less of a story about a woman. Bring herself from abuse more and it was more about men abusing women. Yeah, and I was like, all right, cool. Also, I thought Leigh whannell he wrote this idiot. No, but another thing about that movie is that for a film about psychological abuse and Trauma. I thought it would be more psychological rather than her just like running around the gun. I was live action. I was like, yeah, I was like, what is this? It's surrender him out. I know okay, but I thought Elizabeth was great because amazing actress. Yeah, she's great. It was better. And another thing that I find with horror movies in particular most relies on whatever it is that they have these stories about women going through, you know, whatever experience and everyone's like no we don't believe you know, you're crazy and they get sent to a mental hospital, but then I'm like, do you not realize how that translates into life like you wonder why people don't believe victims of abuse it because in the media that is but that is the story of a change. Yeah. It's just a joke, and then I'm like, how can you put it at work like that? And then question why in real life? That's what's happening because you're putting it. Yeah, I mean look, I didn't think it was a terrible film like I mean, I've never seen that made it. Okay for me was was Elizabeth exactly know like I'm not a mass of harvest and I honestly just usually don't think that good. But yeah, I would give it like I give it a strong four and a half. Yeah, I can afford a half. I gave it a six minutes so they came up with an eye like Compact and I was like, yeah nod I was saying, you know the interview I did for the article, but she asked me about the out hunting and I said that like because I didn't want to make it like negative. So I was saying that I feel like in a way what cutting off funding has done? Yeah is kind of giving us something to fight for and it's not taking us make these great more. And I think it's making us need to use our voice which is what the office for so I was like, well, you know, it has its pros and cons. Of course I can yeah, it was hi. This is bullshit in 2020. People are still seeing the Arts is like not a real job. It's it's you know, it's it's going to be too hard. It's not you need to have a 95 and I'm like, are you kidding me in a day and age where there's 97 genders, but I can't be an actor because it's too hard. Does it fit within the conventional and a 5 what now? Like, I don't understand. And her yeah, and I had this I have this problem with my family because they were like, are you sure like, that's not stable enough. Like that's you should have a back-up plan. It's like no, I don't want a back-up plan because this is my like a plan like create a baby plan because then no which I understand the whole point of the backup. I would like someone to follow but it's like I feel like because then you're not going to work as hard to actually get what you want is what I have back up. It's fine. I've got a back about fall down. Whereas if you don't you like we know this is my options. I'm gonna do it. But I'm not going to set up a baby plan just because it's safe. Yeah, like I would I would prefer to live life on the edge. Yeah, we're Aang's gonna change because we reflect art and the only team characters in our tanks attains. No, I absolutely agree. Yeah, and I think there's this whole especially for me for young emerging artists. Mmm. There's this hole ocean that like we're just doing this for like I had this really interesting debate with this old lady and she was a stranger and she was like do you think like young people just getting to this industry because I want to be famous and I could just stop. Well, I would say 70% of all I was like probably but like the ones that are really serious about it and that most of the time I mean, of course, there's like the fair few who may be minority the get there. Yeah. Doing it because in genuine passion because the thing is is that the people that want to do it just to be famous will not work as hard and they will not get there. Whereas the people they may have a career but it's not as great as saying like Meryl Streep again. Yeah, Meryl Streep is a point of reference to every episode. I said like ten times in the last episode. No, but I think that the people like when I just want to be famous, I just want to have like personal on Instagram then why are you taking jobs away from artists like and you know, I just feel like even if that person who's incredibly talented and they you know, if they're doing it for fame insist, they're never going to get there because I feel like Fame is this like insatiable concept that it's like you're gonna like it. I want to be famous. It's like when are you going to get to the point where you say? No, I'm famous because you're always going to want more of it. Exactly and so it's like I feel like you should never gonna get that. So it's like why would you even strive for that? I have a friend who he was obsessed with just being bent and she'll do anything. No, like I mean I joke about like I'm moving my oscar. Like if I don't know what I'm not gonna like legit be depressed about it, you know, like I would prefer like to just be working working. Yeah. No, I read this friends that I think is Meaningful to me. Oh, I won't pick up something that absolutely no I saying that either Jay I was saying that I was like because I'm giving up reviewing because I was like this just not serve me and I want to be doing work that says me not only as an artist, but as a human exactly so it's like I just want to waste my time doing something. That's just not What I want to be doing I had this I read this fantastic article about I think is an interview with Helen Thompson, and she was talking about she said the greatest part about her career was that she can act. Yeah, but she can still walk down the street with the kids and she can still go to the shops. And she said and she was saying oh, yes, sometimes people notice me whatever but it's not to the like extreme pain like as if it was like as if it was yeah came by chance, so So yeah, I mean, I feel like that's great like and she's her Korea. That's fantastic like yeah. She's an incredible performance. I think it I think that's kind of like I mean like whatever happens happens, but like Just like creating stuff and constantly being in work Mmm Yeah, I think that would just be like the ideal for me. Yeah. So would you ever like Branch out of acting to get work like would you ever direct I think produce whatever I think I'm I'd like to direct I think it makes covid act straight up. It just makes you better. Hmm. I'd like to direct I think obviously I start subtracting but you can start direct like straight up. It was like on like a very static so many times that I think I would direct More film, right? Yeah, because I don't know. I just feel more comfortable with that and then maybe like once I kind of find my my way. I would be Ranch under theater I mean few days. Incredible and I would you know what? I love to do both. Yeah, try new things speaking of theater. I am I working on the show. It's like half minutes. It's called confessions of Jeremy. Perfect. Yeah, just about okay. So basically not giving too much away. It is about a it follows the character Jeremy and his mental state at the time is all over the place and basically follows his family and guests who I play who is his brother's partner. And yeah, you just see there's a lot of things with infidelity mental health and you kind of just see how this this family kind of breaks down. So that's on the end of March going into April 24th of March is a preview and then it closing night is 4th of April, so too, so get you out of that flap her Theater, which is the Lily fear. No man, very good. Yeah, come on. Also, you should say Casp at Griffith Theater Company. Well, it's by XY payments at Griffin. I'm assistant directing as we discussed in our last episode. It starts next week on the 11th of March and is running till the I believe it's the 29th at Griffin and then they're doing one performance. Oh, they're doing two performances one day at the Riverside Theater named Hamid of what you hear about. What's going to happen Hollywood's yeah. Yeah nurse I thought that Margot Robbie possibly gave the worst performance on Earth. That's why I mean it wasn't her. It was just like it was the worst written character I've ever think I've ever seen the same kind of Christmas. I think that has something to do. with The Hollywood system and and of course her beauty like they've classified her is the like blond bimbo kind of yeah, I mean with the exception of black ice on yeah, that's me the really everything else. You've done seen that it's like the same. I think of anything else I told you of course, but then like is there anything else where she hasn't when she's been like different like yeah, I don't know and that's something I think about you is like typecasting and how I've always seen as like a like this bad thing that happens and like, you know, like let's use Rubble was a fun example because she literally does the same thing every time right but then I was chatting to someone who was like, yeah, but like when you really think about it like so does K pledge her like she literally plays and Simon. You know and even like I mean, obviously when you guys came budget screen, if you break down like all of the indie films International films, yes, they're all different route, but the big stuff is of like Blue Jasmine Carol all that stuff. It's all blessed Dubois from but Shabbat from what you're doing. It's literally that's what it is. So I think that I didn't know if top cops. I mean I used to do that podcasting was terrible because I used to get tired plastered but these days I am like, I don't know if it's a bad thing. Yeah, I went to teach Just a thing. Yeah, it just happened because especially in Hollywood like it's all Chaka. Yeah, exactly like the typical like girl next door because that's just not the vibe that I give out and it's also like not my look doesn't give off that. Yeah that girl next door. Yeah now and I'm all about like a new Breaking the time classic people have done it and they've done it no well, but it's like I don't know. I can't answer me person. He's an actor. Like I know that my range isn't as large as the people so even though I'm acting within a niche. It's like It's like quality not quantity. I did like notice I like that but it's like that kind of vibe where it's like even though I can't play a hundred characters. It's like I have two encourages I could play and I can play the Mulberry. Well rather than playing a hundred characters just good. I hope you've enjoyed this episode having to Andrea and I'll be back next week and I'll be back next week with another episode and Probably be referencing Meryl Streep 10 more times. Bye.