Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from a bit of a different angle.All in this episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in contrast. The opening masks and hand sanitizer are there's just none. They're literally out of hand and this is just one this one tiny piece of the puzzle really masks are a Hot Topic. Anyway, personally. I've never been the biggest believer in them because they don't form a perfect seal around your mouth while the majority of them don't and the and the are just ends up going out the sides and up through the Nose area anyway, you can see this by the way when somebody who's wearing glasses has them on and they're walking and their glasses fog up from the air coming through the masks. It's just what's worse is the majority of people who use them don't even use them properly. So they're a paper Band-Aid at best a really good example of this is something as simple as how you put it on how you take it off or the fact that if you sneeze or cough with one of these on you need to completely form a seal around Around your mouth that holds the mask to it. Otherwise, it is a complete moot point and even if you do that, it's still kind of okay. So this Japanese program a while back sure to visual of somebody coughing with a mask on and how the air gets shoved out the sides and they demonstrated this with a person on a train and the person coughed with a mask on and the dust that they had put inside the mask the color does. Just went all over the faces of the people sitting directly beside them. They then had this person cover their mouth and cough directly into it, which obviously had a pretty big difference but still some gets through but then the person who was just breathing normally still had enough of this are coming out the sides that the germs if you will from the cough still escaped. So for me masks have never really been a major. I've never run In out and be like I've got to get a mask. They are good to create comfort for other people in that kind of placebo style effect and used properly in the right situations. I'm sure they can have an effect but I've never personally been the biggest man that that's it. There's been a huge online Push by the way for something that does have a proven positive effect and that's soap particularly in public washrooms. If you don't know this and if you haven't had your eye on Twitter, Jr. For example has been a huge culprit of this a lot of Japanese public washrooms. Do not have a ton of soap now on the plus side with this push and with the awareness in the push of you know, just keeping your hands clean and everything. I've seen a lot more people washing their hands in the bathroom, then before people being people not everyone washes their hands and still it's not everyone but but it is more also have you sidebar here? I'd love it if we could all just stop the because Japan stuff and focus a lot more on the because human side of things that would just be amazing. Obviously. Japan is far from being the only country in the world where hand washing after going to the washroom is not super prevalent. But this whole human nature prevails really hard in these situations with Some of the worst examples being people around the world harassing or even worse physically attacking Asians under the assumption that they're Chinese. Now, I pretty heavily filter the content that I consume online. I want to live in a world that is produced with more positivity if you will and so I try to avoid this negative news, but it still comes through you have to take a whole Crew of the world. You cannot enjoy the light without the dark and vice versa and you see a very unfortunate amount of this. In fact, I'm sure if you're listening to this podcast episode. It's probably not your first time to hear about it or find out about it. So I'm happy to say that I have enough faith in literally every person listening to this right now that our community doesn't need to actually have this topic addressed. East but we can all still serve as stable points of positivity for those around us and we're going to kind of come back to that point later. So hold on to that thought going back to human nature though Panic buying is a really big one. This has been hugely the whole toilet paper. The rice thing people are sharing pictures on Twitter going people are Panic buying all the toilet paper and all the rice and forgetting that you know bread. And pasta are still Staples as well. And to be honest. This is not Japan's first time to go through this as Humanity. It's not people's first time to go through over going to run out of something. You see a bunch of people buying it. And even if you're not a part of the panic, you're going to be like Earth you don't maybe maybe I should grab some just in case because if I run out because there's none available that's going to be a problem and then all of a sudden what turns into 10 people panicking Young and 90 people being completely. Okay turns into 15 people panicking in 85 people buying it just in case even if it's in a regular amount 85 people 85 percent or whatever buying it. All at once is still quite a bit the earthquake back in 2011 was a lot like this too. But there's one really big point that I need to address in here based on something that came up online on Twitter. I saw somebody who was In very clever and is like well, I'm going to steal some toilet paper from work and there were a couple of replies and they're like, yeah, I nap some from a public washroom. Do not do this. I cannot express this enough chances are you'll be totally fine you may but back in 2011 when the earthquake hit there were shops making examples out of people who were stealing toilet paper rolls from the public washroom because there was no toilet paper available to be purchased. So people will go Go to the public washrooms a convenience store or something like that. They steal a toilet paper roll. They get busted and did the shops like well, you know what we need to we need to make sure that we nip this in the bud and just so yeah, just don't Please Please Don't Steal whether whether it's just a roll of toilet paper that you you need. There's this guy is going to be some other way other than stealing to get that just don't land yourself in trouble. Now I my advice in this situation and it's not going to be a whole lot of use to you if you're already in the situation, but it's always be ready in every way because Japan is a disaster prone country. There are a lot of natural disasters for that. I always try to keep stocked on anything from toilet paper tissue hand sanitizer water and non-perishable. Sybil's I go through the stock I use it fairly regularly. I don't just buy it and set it aside and never touch it but I always keep a stock because you never know when this stuff is going to happen always keep double to Triple what you think you need if you're going to live in Japan this comes down to kind of the topic. I said, I think I made a video on like one of the biggest mistakes people make when moving to Japan and one of the The pieces inside of that was the whole rushing to move to Japan and not being financially ready emotionally ready all the different types of ready and you need to have a bit of a buffer kind of all around you especially if you're leaving your home country and it feels ridiculously obvious to be saying this but you'd be amazed how many people are just like? Oh, well, I bet you know, my company suddenly fired me and I don't have that extra month money, and now I'm going to lose my apartment and This this is a kind of thing that you know, it may happen to you back home, but there's so many more question marks surrounding life when you've moved overseas. So you need to be ready to prepare a month to month extra a buffer in your finances in your preparation and especially in a disaster-prone country like Japan in your emergency goods and emergency goods are just going to be things like road flares and candles they're going to be those basic things that you Need to survive. So if you're living in Japan now or if you're moving to Japan in the future, the biggest I'd say day-to-day advice. I can give you two just make your life here easier as be prepared Panic is never a good thing and while due to time constraints and various challenges. I haven't been uploading uploading as many podcasts here. I have been uploading plenty of podcasts over to patreon. They tend to be a lot more. Or raw and personal and have literally zero time put into the edit, but they exist and today I was doing a live stream over on the patreon secret Instagram account and someone brought up a really great question. What if everyone around you is panicking and it was a really great question and I have a very specific answer to this this brings us back to that point that I asked you to kind of put a pin in to hold on to what I was saying about being a constant. Source of a kiss will say that once a positivity but no one panic logic people will always Panic again. It comes back to that whole discussion on human nature. I'm going to bring in a friend. I'm not gonna use this damages a haidee. How you doing, man? He was talking to me about his trip to Japan. He's saying how he personally is calm, but the people around him are very concerned with the idea of him going to Japan. And really when it comes down to it, that's a very under so you're going to be concerned you're going to care about those around you. That's a totally normal natural thing and that may be calm and subdued or it may come off as panic. But in these situations the one thing the one thing that I always find that guides the decisions in the absolute best way when these panicky situations hit is just remember to be a calm and good person like if you need to Can decision if you need to make a decision in these panicky situations and it's pressed and you being pushed and everything around you is moving nine times out of ten. You can just say to yourself that this is something that a good person would do and I know once again the sounds like one of these things that's just like well that seems pretty obvious. But these things go completely out the window as soon as Panic hits and people who are panicking they need something to grasp onto and if everybody around them is panicking there's Going to grasp onto more panic, but if there is a person around them whether it be you or whether it be someone around you who is grounded who is logical who is calm that can help center them. It may not honestly, they may just continue panicking because misery loves company and if they latch on to someone else who's panicking that may provide them more Comfort, but it doesn't mean that you need to get sucked into it. And honestly you're calm and you're logical approach to things. Will have a positive impact on those around you simply because it will guide your actions and this is really really big we talked about this quite a bit on the livestream and I wanted to share this in here because you know in those situations where you're like if I were to go out right now to buy toilet paper for example, and a shipment had just arrived and I had I don't know three four roles at home. And when I got there everyone was in an absolute Panic to buy that toilet. Paper if I was easily able to walk up get a pack get to the register. I would probably just do that. But if I did that and there was somebody who's like in tears or there was somebody who was like freaking out and trying to grab for it. I would just up. There you go. There it is. I will figure out a way to survive honestly. Let me give you a little bit of calm in the Panic maybe, you know, worst-case scenario, maybe open myself up to talk. So this here people will always Panic is my point. Try to make the calm make the logic just a little bit louder at times like this. I think we all need calm and logical minds or at the very least in toughest times. We all need that calm and logical. Cole friend if there's any take away from this, it's just stay calm. It's just a logical. I did a video over on YouTube a little while back and I talked a bit about this and how you know, it comes down to making sure that you are informed you have all your information will touch on that a little bit later but the world itself right now outside of Japan is taking a hit like we are seeing the worst decline in stocks. Like for example, the S&P 500 since 2008. It's pretty bad. Ciao. Anna has simply stopped shipping stuff. It's proof. It it did like the you just can't get stuff and even here in Japan tourism has taken a multi-billion dollar hit companies are failing and some schools have even shut down. We're going to come back to that in just a second on this note of China not shipping stuff a little point of awareness. I was kind of flipping through YouTube videos today and there is a channel that I really enjoy called Linus Tech tips. If you are a computer lover you probably know who he is and he covered a really good point. He says in the video that if you're going to be buying a computer or any major computer parts, like hard drives Etc that now is probably the better time to do it not tomorrow because you know companies tend to have a buffer for these types of situations that keep a buffer of stock so that when the things you know when when things hit the fan They are covered for a while. And a lot of that buffer has been gone through which means when all of this lives and a lot of them lie major players are starting to come back into business and ramp up their production again, but it is slow coming. And so there's this demand and I think we all know what happens in the rules of supply and demand when there is that much demand and very little surprise Supply prices tend to elevate and so if there's something that you need Within the next year and it is easily available to you and it comes from China for example computer equipment Etc. It may be better to purchase now and it is later on if I remember I will link that video in the description of the the podcast episode. I think it applies honestly to a lot more than just computer parts. It was a real thinking piece and I wanted to share that with you but coming back to this whole thing. The last thing I left off on was Japan taking a multi-billion dollar hit companies struggling failing. Like I've seen places shut down and the whole school shut down. So I think last week the Prime Minister of Japan Abby decided to be like, hey schools. I highly recommend in this is not a commandment. I highly recommend that you shut down and a lot of these schools. Have now this has led to hard times for a lot of people. This has led to obviously hard times for teachers. I've seen a lot of people talking online. There's obviously normal Japanese teachers. That is he LTS. I believe they're called that have worked, you know in schools in Japan who are just like I now don't have a job for the next little while that are being shut down until I think the school break itself goes to April April is when the next school year would start and so they shut down schools something like two weeks early. So instead of having a two-week holiday, there's now a month. They're obviously having an extra two weeks or more off is going to be difficult for somebody who again doesn't have that Financial buffer that we talked about before it's going to be difficult for a lot of parents who didn't have a plan B, like what do they can do with their kids what if they're you know daycares and their those those Little after-school programs and whatnot aren't open. What if those are shut down as well. It's created this whole Vortex. What about these kids who didn't get to finish their school year. What if that was your last year of high school or Junior High School elementary school? I think I don't know to what level the schools have decided to shut down. But let's say it was your last year with your classmates you expected to have two more weeks together, you'd built all these bonds and you know next year you're not going to have the same classes together and you're just a little kid. Yep. That's just taken away from you. So this is a fact and you know companies that are like well now there's these parents who can't come into work or like these parents that are randomly bringing their kids in it's a mess and the government is saying that they are putting together a plan to help address this and they're trying to prioritize this plan so that it'll come out quickly and honestly when you hear that, hey the government's putting together a plan the whole Fools will stay hopeful and the cynics will be cynical and because of how quickly the decision was made and how much followed there is a surrounding it how much trouble is cause for literally everyone. This has come under a lot of fire and I'm going to chime in with my two cents saying that personally I think it was a fantastic idea solely because once a child contracts the coronavirus and spreads it through their school and all of a sudden Sudden, it's two kids five kids attend kids and there's loss of life. It's too late at that point to say. Hey, we probably should have done this. I honestly believe that it's better for society as a whole just take it on the chin for a couple of weeks rather than risk the loss of life of not only one but potentially many young children it is well worth the cost because you can't go back but getting back to what I was saying about this before with this school thing being a perfect example. We are all in this together everything from businesses that are being impacted to you know consumers who are trying to get stuff. I was having a computer built over the last I don't know two months and they just could not get the part. They ended up having to Source the part from somewhere completely else and the computer is supposed to be ready. I like the two weeks, but it took like thing like nine weeks for them to get it to me and we are all a part of this like I've seen a lot of influence or friends be like I've had jobs be cancelled because you know, obviously tourism push and everything like that and even as somebody who produces content I'm a lot less comfortable right now producing like touristy content. Like here's a great spot to go check out and stuff. It just it simply doesn't feel as a pro. It may not be inappropriate but it doesn't feel as appropriate. It opens up opportunities to put a more little more time into things like documentaries in Podcast and whatnot, but there are people that are just simply no we're canceling this job. Nope. We're not doing this and this is something that we're going to talk about a lot more later on when we get closer to the Olympic topic. But again, I sidebar there like I love to do coming back to the point being that we're all in this together whether you're here in Japan or whether you're not you might be here in Japan going through all of this. You might be just down the road from me going I couldn't get to her. The paper today either or you might be outside of Japan and just looking in going. Wow. What is that like or even worse? You might have to make a difficult decision about your trip to Japan or worse yet have that decision. Unfortunately made for you in one way or another a lot of people have had to just give up on their trips many have lost their down their money honeymoons have been abandoned people who have saved up. Ever and I really want to implant this one in people's head. Just so that again we can act with kindness and so we can have a great deal of understanding for each other because perspective is very important here people who have saved up for years and years for just that one sweet taste of Japan who have just been looking forward to that trip and maybe have had the decision made for them that they can't go but it's not in a position where you know, they'll get the money back from the airlines are I'm losing that opportunity are losing the years of work that they put into saving up. There are so many situations out there that we can't even begin to imagine how it's affecting everyone. So we're all in this together again kindness. I can't say it enough but with flights being well flights to Japan in particular being at an all-time low. Some people are actually going completely in the opposite direction. chin as well, like there are round trip flights from the east coast of North America to Japan for as low as four or five hundred dollars and there are people who are just jumping on that and capitalizing on that and it's honestly a high-stress topic as I said before I had done a video where I talked about how the situation is constantly changing or evolving and that the onus is really on you the traveler if you're traveling to do the research and Make your decisions, I think at this point any time that there is a global Health concern something like this going on making sure that you're in the loop and that you know, what's happening with the situation because of how quickly it changes is a very very important thing just to do as a human. It's tough to say honestly what I would do personally and I want to put out a line here that I wanted to kind of stick and that's hypotheticals are difficult and are rarely accurate. But in that patreon stream that I did today I said honestly if it was me it hard if I was overseas if I was living in Canada and visiting Japan, I'm healthy enough that you don't I would probably say if I didn't have to worry about getting back to a job and potentially losing that job if I didn't get back on time. So if I had the freedom in scheduled to be delayed by a week two weeks three weeks without the risk of losing doing my job or you know, my my lifestyle, I probably still take that trip, but obviously on the other side of things if me being, you know, a few days a week two weeks more late for work would basically ensure that I lose my job or that I lose my current lifestyle then know I almost definitely wouldn't you know, you gotta it's a risk-reward thing, right? How much are you putting on the line for what you're getting back? But honestly in real life, there's a lot more factors than just that to take into consideration. So it's it I'd love to say that if it was this I would do this and if it was this I would do this because I really believe those things that I just said, but again, there's so many factors and who knows when you listen to this everything could be completely different than it is now either For Better or For Worse. There's a lot of speculation around how warmer weather will Impact the virus and its ability to spread as well as its impact on the Olympics. You see the Olympics just as a quick summary. I'm going to be July 24 to August 9th with the appear Olympics being from August 25th to September 6. Now. These These are hot months. These are very hot buns. If anything too hot to the point of their being. Actual incredible risk of heat stroke during the Olympics like that. That would be one of my major concerns when we come to the Olympics both in 2018 and 2019. There have been quite a number of deaths due to heat stroke not I did an entire podcast episode on this at one point talking about the summer and the dangers. The number of people that have died from heatstroke. It is just Japan's summer is very very hot and it's just there's not enough wind in. Breeze to take that heat anywhere the humidity is just it's something else if it's a new topic for you. I recommend checking out that podcast episode but there's no exact number on how much money Japan has put into the Olympics so far the articles that I found have really run the gamut from as low as nine billion dollars to as high as 30 billion dollars or more and that's that's accounted in It can dollars with additional billions being pumped into advertising broadcast rights and everything. I think I saw an article on the Japan times that talked about something like 3 billion dollars. I believe the article title. And again if I remember I will try to link it with something like QA things to know about Tokyo Olympics and spreading virus or some that's a terrible Title by the would really hard to read that title. But this article covered a whole bunch of stuff and quoted some numbers, but there's a lot of this money flying around floating around and in the very very off chance that Japan is forced to cancel the Olympics and I believe it would be a forced hand situation. I personally don't actually think it would be the end of Japan. I originally did not Really was like with Japan has to cancel the Olympics that will be a disaster just an absolute economic just and I think that mindset is fairly normal mindset, but the deeper I got down the rabbit hole of this the less. I think the overall impact would actually be of course there wouldn't be an influx of visitors during the Olympic Games and the income. Um that they bring with them, but they that may not be the end of the world as is an influx. Like that doesn't come without its costs either obvious energy costs and you know street cleaning costs and you more people doesn't just necessarily mean more income. It also means more cost. It's a variable cost pricing model is what is given is just anyways, I'm digressing I will get back to The main point I could honestly follow this thread or any other to no end, but it reminds me of an old Chinese proverb ironic. I know but the proverb is if you want to prosper first build roads and say it again. If you want to prosper first build roads, I had a professor go into great detail once about how from the decision-making process all the way through to the actual execution. The act of building Road can have a potentially significant impact on our economy. And in Japan's case a great deal of the money for this has already been spent the roads have been built or I Least are in or nearing the final stages. I've seen train lines get completely revamped stations done up beautifully entire access points and routes changed in ways that I never expected them to in fact the landscape of Tokyo as I know. It has literally shape shifted in front of my eyes in the last few years. So what's going to happen to the Tokyo Olympics then well at the time of recording. I'm recording this on March 2nd, 2020 somewhere around 3 p.m. H. And at the time of recording everyone involved in the ioc all the way up to the Tokyo government and more saying that these Olympics will go on as planned now, hopefully to add a little perspective between the Olympics and Paralympics. There are over 15,000 athletes. Not to mention everybody involved in the along with exes. It's never just the athlete is you've got their managers. You have trainers. You've got families. You've got I don't know maybe kids with them you it's a whole it's a group for one person. Each person is a little group in their own and that that's a lot of people to have impact on even if if you just take it a 3 to 1 ratio at the very minimum eka 2 to 1 ratio still bring that up to 30,000 easily. So outside of wartime. I'm there is very little precedent for cancellations of the Olympic games. There are a number of boycotts which by the way is an interesting read if you have time all in its own who the hell it was a rabbit hole that I went all the way down and I just I decided to just cut out of this podcast topic altogether because that Oldman half the podcast I enjoyed reading about that Olympic boycotts. Just just check it out even back in 2016. For example, though if Remember the zika virus with the mosquitoes the Rio Olympics still pushed forward and so I don't expect us to be getting any news of the Tokyo Olympics canceling any time soon. But in the end as I said before everything could change tomorrow and either way allow me to say this one more time hypotheticals are difficult and rarely accurate to those of you who have been patient. Lee waiting for the return of the podcast thank you so much for your patience and all your messages. I've actually been taken aback by how many of you took the time out of your day to reach out. It's been it's been amazing. Again. There are quite a few secret podcast episodes up over on patreon with more being added every month very different from this. They tend to be raw very personal almost a hundred percent sidebar from start to finish. But if that's the kind of thing that you are into I'd love to have you over there. It gives us the chance to comment directly on the episodes and have a bit of back and forth there from time to time, but that is it for today's episode. Thank you so much for listening. I hope that no matter what you were doing in the rest of your day your day goes beautifully Keep Your Hands Clean stay safe be kind and you know, I will talk to you again real soon.