Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game.Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age. Nobody in the crowd was surprised that she was poised to win seles was ranked number one in the world and had already amassed a whopping 8 Grand Slam titles. There was only one woman preventing seles from Completely steamrolling the sport twenty-three-year-old Steffi Graf the 11-time Grand Slam winner was on the other side of the bracket. She and celes were on a collision course for the Hamburg opens championship match. However, one spectator was determined to prevent that from happening. Welcome to sports criminals apar Castor original. This is the fourth episode in our March Madness special this month. We're counting down the top 31 Sports candles from 1990 to 2020. I'm Carter Roy and I'm Tim Johnson in today's episode. We are going back to 1993 and the unprecedented attack on professional tennis player. Monica seles by a crazed fan. Well, Monica seles caught her breath on the sidelines during a second set change over 38 year old Gunther Parsha got up from his seat. Parsha was a die-hard Steffi Graf fan and he'd make sure nobody stood in the way of her greatness celes ran a towel over her face then leaned forward to take a quick sip of water. She had barely picked up the cup when she felt a horrible searing pain in her back. She whipped around And looking for the source of this sudden discomfort what she saw was almost incomprehensible Gunther Parsha with a massive boning knife clutched in his hands. The blade was covered in blood before she could even process what she was seeing Parsha reared back his arm ready to plunge the knife into her once again. Thankfully he never got the chance moving as one the crowd and the nearest security guards descended upon Parsha and restrained. Him the whole thing happened so fast the TV cameras weren't even able to capture the moment. But Parsha had already done significant damage his initial strike had penetrated a full inch and a half in to sell asses back seles was immediately rushed to the hospital. Luckily the knife had missed her lungs and spinal cord, but the injury went far beyond the few stitches needed to sew up a wound. It took seles almost 28 months to get back on the court although her. Rehab was fairly simple. She struggled with depression that brought on an eating disorder making matters even worse her attacker Gunther Parsha barely received a slap on the wrist during his trial in October 1993. The judge ruled the partial was operating at a diminished mental capacity as such he dismissed the attempted murder charge partial was facing and only gave him a two-year suspended sentence for committing Grievous bodily harm when cell has finally resumed. Her career in 1995 the WTA allowed her to retain her number one ranking. However, she wasn't the same player. She won the 1996 Australian Open, but it was the last grand slam. She'd ever claim to this day. Monica seles lost career is one of the greatest what ifs in the history of sports Steffi Graf went on to win 22 Grand Slams third. Most of all time if the stabbing had never happened. There's a significant Ants Ellis would have eclipse this number and even challenged Margaret courts record of 24, but because of those fateful few seconds on April 30th 1993. We'll never know. Thanks for listening to sports criminals. March Madness will be back tomorrow with next year's Scandal. You can catch other episodes of sports criminals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts.