Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo heIs the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some very very exciting basic science research. The first starting in a rat model and working up to larger animals looking at how glial cells interact in the spinal cord with chronic pain and then therefore looking at targeting those glial cells with neuromodulation. And so this has been some very very exciting times in our space. He did win the best basic science research award at Nan's 2018 and 2019. 19 as well as an award at Azure, I believe it was 2019 probably should look that up before actually recording this intro but anyways lots and lots of very exciting basic science research that has turned in to clinical research as once this waveform had been established in the science. We started to see it implemented in early Clinical Research into spinal cord stimulation dorsal column simulation specifically and I was very lucky to be able to be one of the first people to hear about that research at Nan's about a month and a half ago and then to follow up and hear dr. Vallejo and the rest of the team that's been leading This research speak about it and be a part of the early release of this product into market and into, you know, real patients that are outside of clinical trials. So please listen in as we take a really deep dark. Into glial cells into the DTM waveform and just generally into science and the future of neuromodulation. We hope you guys enjoy this conversation. I know doctor Corvallis and myself really did and just to start off with a really great. Thank you to dr. Ricardo Viejo for all the research he's done as well as for taking the time to discuss this with us today. All right, everybody. Welcome to another episode of the spinal nerve podcast today. We have a very special treat for you. We are joined by dr. Ricardo Vallejo. And for those of you who are unaware. Dr. Vallejo is a leader in the World of Pain Management over the past few years. His company's Tim. Jennings has created some of the most interesting in groundbreaking research and won numerous Awards, so dr. Of a hill, thank you so much for joining us today on the podcast. Fast thank you Brian. Thank you, Nick. Thank you for having me with you. Yeah, absolutely. And I just want to Second what dr. Chavez said, you know, we really do want to thank you for your research and contribution to medicine. And of course we want to thank you for your time this morning. We know it's valuable and that you're busy and it really is a privilege to speak with you. We thought that one of the good ways to start off would be to have have the privilege of hearing you discuss your view of how glial cells impact chronic pain because we know that there is a significant amount of data demonstrating the impact of abnormal glial cell activity and and I hesitate to completely use the word abnormal because we know that you know, whether it's injury inflammation infection that can cause cause the reactive glial cells or stimulate glial cell. But this essentially this different than Baseline glial cell activity, especially with astrocytes and microglial cells in the central nervous system. And then satellite glial cells in the periphery can have this impact on the development of chronic pain and the research would suggest that abnormal glial cell activity contributes to Central and peripheral sensitization and inflammation and manifest in patients as chronic pain fatigue mood disorders Sleep Disorders. So before we go too much into depth in regards to the research and more detailed specific considerations, if you wouldn't mind just giving us a general overview of how you view glial cells in their impact on the development of chronic pain. Well it is it's an interesting. Path that has been taken over the last I would say 30 years or so interestingly if well, I was going to save you remember back in the days, but I do remember back in the days when I was in medical school and septic shock was one of the most exciting areas of research back in those days. There were no animal models of pain until the early 1990s end of the 1980s. And it was an observation by Patrick Wall which dramatically changed the way we started thinking about pain. He observed that animals that were evaluated for sepsis develop some of these signs that you just described the chronic fatigue. These animals were isolating from other animals from any social interaction. They were Avoiding any type of stress and he observed that the initial neuropathic models that were proposed the animals provide exactly the same type of response. So he considered back in those days that there was an inflammatory process going in the pain estate, which was going to lead to the qualification of pain up until that moment Bain. Ben had been considered mainly a neuropathic condition and is what is nowadays called the neuronal doctrine in which neurons were the main facilitators of the development of chronic neuropathic pain and we all have been familiar with all the different processes of hypersensitive Sation of pain. at the peripheral level and also at the central level that again, if you look back into the initial descriptions in the 1960s 70s, they were all related to just the neuron the neurons assignments in is again, what is called a neuronal Doctrine but interestingly in since the 1990s there was there has been a huge effort in going just BtoB Beyond this hyperexcitability sensitization of primary sensory neurons. They enhance excitatory synaptic transmission in the spinal cord and started to look at the glial cells as the immune cells in the spinal cord that will facilitate the generation of chronic neuropathic pain. It's some authors have Calling it a Clio pathy the central sensitization process and the concept is relatively simple. If you think about once you go beyond the understanding of Glorious glial cells such as a structure cells and you start looking at other functions, you will realize that for whatever reason and that is an exciting area of research. The glial cells have seen. similar receptors than the neurons and so the glial cells surround the synaptic cleft and when they are exposed to neurotransmitters, for example, glutamate, the response that they provide is not only to manage or the homeostasis of the synaptic cleft, but they also develop intracellular changes that Will generate the release of multiple pro-inflammatory cysts and anti-inflammatory cytokines. So we know I would say more than 20 years ago that certain cytokines like interleukin-1 beta tnf-alpha interlocking 18 had a significant rolled into the development and quantification of neuropathic pain. So the idea that Glial cells are fundamental in the communication of pain is not new. But unfortunately in the neural path in the neuromodulation field there has not been too much input from this area of the science that has been widely developed over the last 25 years. That's awesome. Really appreciate that overview. And yeah, I remember in in fellow Tip when I actually the first thing that really because prior to Fellowship, you know, we really did not get exposed to the concept of glial cells including in regards to chronic pain and it was really when one of my attending started to introduce me to the use of low dose Naltrexone and one of its potential mechanisms mechanisms of action impacting the glial cells. That's when I really started to get excited and start to research research. Glial cells but as best I could but but yeah, thank you so much for that overview. We appreciate that if we could back up just a little bit and just to Define DTM spinal cord stimulation. If you wouldn't mind just quickly giving us an overview for our listeners. Well that the basic concept is that glial cells are involved in the development and maintenance of chronic neuropathic pain. I would say this is fact number one fact number two is that glial cells have a resting membrane potential that is different from the resting membrane potential of a neuron. The third point is that The glial cells respond to electrical signals. The next point would say they do respond about they do respond differently from neurons. That means you can apply electrical signals to them, but you will not expect to observe an action potential something that we have consistently been asked. Over the last several months is that we need an electrophysiological study to demonstrate the modulation of glial cells and I would say that is quite challenging as glial cells. Do not develop Action potentials. They do though modulate relevant biological processes at the synaptic level and also at the level of conduction. So as you know, the Astrocytes surround the synaptic cleft and they are fundamental to maintain the homeostasis of the main exit Orion inhibitory neurotransmitters, like glutamate and Gaba, but they also modulate the glutamate levels and they also modulate the different cytokines at that level as you know microbial. sales also migrate within this the spinal cord or the central nervous system to those areas with higher levels of inflammation and finally the oligodendrocytes which is interesting only over the last I would say five years or so there has been interest in these cells as mediators of chronic pain, but these cells can one single oligodendrocyte can provide mailing to Hundreds of neurons or hundreds of axons and therefore it can modulate the conduction through all these different actions. So when you understand that there is glial cells you understand the relevance of these cells and you understand that they are also responsive but differently than neurons into biological processes, then the idea that you need to consider neuromodulation to be Applied or a specifically applied to these cells starts getting into context. So you have to look beyond the neurons in terms of trying to develop new methods of neuromodulation and that these signals electrical signals these different variables when they are applied to the different cells. They will interact at the level of the biological processes relevant into the Neuroglial interaction and then once you put that the next question is well, can I combine those signals and create what we call a multiplex signal in which the combination of those simultaneously can be targeting each one of the cells. So this is the core concept of the differential targeting because we try to Target the different cell types and we applied this. Multiplexed signal this combination of signals when we are delivering our waveform. The the other aspect that I think is relevant is that we did anatomical dissections in humans of segments of the spinal cord between 98 and t11 which are the areas that we typically Target when we are trying to control low back pain, and we observe that there is a differential ratio on the Number of these different cell types at different levels and based on that we can try to Target our electrical pulses to one cell or another. So those are some of the efforts that we have been doing over the last several years and something that I also get commonly asked is all but you know everybody when they apply electrical signals, they are affecting the glial cells and I totally Agree, I would say if you apply conventional stimulation. We are having an effect on the glial cells. In fact, we recently presented an abstract at Nance in which we evaluated the effects of 50 hertz by just modulating the recharge balance whether active or passive and we observe significant difference in the modulation of M1 and M2 microbial cells, so That means that yes everybody when they apply an electrical signal of enough amplitude will be affecting those cells. But at the same time the concept of differential Target Multiplex is that you have to use those signals independently to try to Target those cells. So how many actual signals or targets are you having as we're talking about? Out this differential Target Multiplex signal that's being sent we are right now applying for different signals, but beyond that, I mean the I think once you develop the theoretical theoretical construct, then you can start looking into different paradigms on how to modulate the neuroglial interaction and that is what we are. Looking in our lab, but also a starting to move more and more into the clinical areas where we try to apply different concepts to determine whether or not we can improve the clinical outcomes. I have to say in my defense that I am despite. I am an immunologist by training but in reality, I'm an anesthesiologist. I'm a pain management and my main goal is to treat pain Beyond rodents or ovine models. So we have now the ability to start exploring these Concepts in the clinical setting and try to further improve the outcomes in our patients that we have one of my favorite parts of the presentation that you gave before that I had the pleasure of hearing was how you started to actually Implement this for different waveforms. Can you Enlighten us on how you first started trying to do this in humans? Well, that is like so what I started doing is just like I would say all your listeners and I'm sure you also had this experience based on the mechanism of action that we were thinking about when we use spinal cord stimulation. It was quite common that my patients didn't respond and because I didn't have any back. Ground that I can try to apply Concepts it was quite common that I just told the patient. You know, I'm really sorry. There is nothing else I can do. So that was the frustration that led me to start looking for alternatives to my patients. So what we did in my clinic and that was probably five years ago or so. I just started doing some off-label use of the stimulation. So what I did is After the trial was done with any of the companies. I just look at the position of the lease under fluoroscopy. And then I or we develop a call it a splitter is kind of we took the all the contacts they 16 contacts and then we were able to use a combination of external neuromodulation systems. So we got for example Of these boxes in so if you imagine is four of these boxes that are typically taken by the patient to their houses. So we put four of them together with in a big box and then the signals were distributed between these four external modulation devices and something that was interesting. So as we as we send those patients home, Quite often they call us back and say Hey, you know, I'm the pain is back. So we open this black box and we observe that some of the of the tables or the connections were disconnected and that's how we understood the value of having the signals applied simultaneously are not to have just one or two of those signals applied. So that was kind of a my extremely rudimentary system to start testing whether or not that can be a path in patients that were in my clinic and that we're not responding to other therapies assume what we really appreciate that inside as well and you know considering that there is data to suggest that there are subtypes of reactive glial cells, you know reactive for example, reactive astrocytes with the A1 reactive astrocytes in the a to reactive astrocytes and you know similarly with microglial having the M1 verse the M2 phenotypes and with the available data up to this point. I'm showing that a one reactive astrocytes would have a more negative. Impact, you know, including but not limited to secretion of neurotoxins that can induce death of neurons and oligodendrocytes and the release of pro-inflammatory mediators. Whereas in contrast a to reactive astrocytes can have a more positive protective impact on the nervous system, including promoting neuronal survival and tissue repair and repairing the blood-brain barrier. I guess the question then becomes with these different subtypes of the reactive glial cells is is DTM the and for our listeners DTM meaning the differential Target Multiplex spinal cord stimulation is that able to specifically Target or modulate these subtypes without compromising the benefit of the other subtype or does it have to do with one of the thoughts when I was actually generating this question was are we dealing? the situation where it's you know, the initial insult or injury, that's when the a to reactive astrocytes having their more positive and neuroprotective effect, is that when they're more prominent and then as as time goes on and and the healing process, you know has taken place and now we're dealing more with the a one dominant astrocytes is is that I guess those are some of the thoughts I had when I I thought about the DTM specifically trying to impact the different types of reactive glial cells. Well, I would say that most interesting aspect of all the your comments comes from the idea that there is a different phenotypes you mention M1 M2. And you also mentioned A1 A2 refer in reference to astrocytes. I think what is important to understand is the City of the system. We as humans try to simplify Concepts and I I keep thinking that probably that is the reason why the gate control theory became so popular and not very questioned over the years in terms of the mechanism behind the spinal cord stimulation. If you think about it the diagram for the gate control theory is extremely simple, but When you start talking about a specific phenotypes and you start talking about the complexity of the system. I think it's important to understand that whether we like it or not nature is much more complicated. It took us hundreds of thousands of years to get where we are as Homo sapiens, and we need to understand and we have the tools today to try to understand what is happening. at the level of the central sensitization process and you mentioned the a 1 and m 1 as the good guys and the the m 2 and a 2 as the good guys and maybe is not as simple as that because there is significant controversy of whether for example It's just a phenotype that will promote inflammation. I will argue that at some stations within the sensitization process M1 may be valuable because it's trying to combat the inflammation that is is developing. So beyond that what we have been looking and that has been an effort that we have developed over the last 10 12 years is to Try to isolate the effect of every single variable in terms of the effect on each type of cell and I would say more important even than cell on each type of biological processes. Those biological processes are the ones that drive a particular event within the inflammatory Cascade in One Direction or another trying to be a little bit more. A specific we have published in the past how a particular modulation of variables and again when I'm talking about variables I'm talking about whether they charge balance of the electrical pulses applied in the spinal cord are done actively or passively. What is the frequency that you apply what is the duration of the pulse width of the each one of these electrical? He knows whether the balance is done symmetric or asymmetric Ali and also the amplitude intensity of the electrical field that you apply and we are trying to determine how each one of these variables impact the biological processes and also each one of the cells involved in the qualification of pain. So the main cells or the only the cells that we are looking. Are the microglia the astrocytes the oligodendrocytes and obviously the neurons I think it's important to emphasize that this construct that we have developed over the last 12 years does not deny at all the value of the neurons. It just includes them as a one of the cells involved in the process and not the only ones. Bulb in the process. So when you apply all these different variables independently, you will observe that each one of them may have a different impact on each one of these sells. It could have an impact in microglial cells in such a way that you can preferentially express M1 or M2. But it also can help us to identify how each one of them has a particular. Effect on the biological processes that are handled by the different cells and just recently we introduced a concept called sense mm in which we are evaluating the effects of this combination of signals in the activation of the different cell types. So we can nowadays differently than 20 years ago. When I needed to a specifically look for one marker of activation now with the use of transcriptomics proteomics and phosphor proteomics. I can specifically look at the effect of each one of these variables or combination of variables in the modulation of large number of a specific. Eric markers for the activation of these cells. So this is something that we have been working over the last couple of years in terms of how these set of genes are differentially expressed. Every cell population way that we can determine whether our signals can modulate those biological processes back towards naive when you compare with injured models. Yeah, and that's so incredible and and not to be repetitive but that yeah that level of detailed research in terms of it's just it's just it's a really awesome thing for the for the field and I think it puts us, you know, it helps us get to a point where you know, being more and more specific in terms of the exact type of therapy. We're delivering to patience and understanding exactly the the changes that we're making although we obviously we need to continue to research and investigate that but you've done so much for that. We appreciate that. So along those lines Myself and dr. Chavez have definitely been thinking about this next question, which is very interesting Lee the research up to this point in regards to DTM spinal cord stimulation demonstrates significant benefit in regards to pain and changes in gene expression as you were discussing fairly early on for example, the randomized controlled trial by dr. Fishman and his colleagues, which is a postmark it openly able prospective randomized controlled multicenter trial that compared DTM spinal cord stimulation to Conventional spinal cord stimulation found significant differences in Improvement in pain control at three months after spinal cord stem implant just as an example of that three-month data at that three months and point. The back pain responder rate was 80% for DTM verses 51 percent for conventional spinal cord stimulation and then in your work In your studies utilizing a rodent model of neuropathic pain, you have demonstrated Improvement in heat cold sensitivity and significant changes in gene expression. As you mentioned returning to the naive state after just 48 Hours of treatment with DTM. And so I guess my question would be in light of those results. Are you surprised by how quickly the glial cell activity and consequently the all pain state was able to be impacted because in this may be a fault of you know, our continued growth in terms of understanding glial cells, but when I was in Fellowship when I was first being taught, you know, what glial cells are and how they impact current pain the idea that was transmitted to me or presented to me was that, you know, these changes have occurred over a fairly long period of time and having an impact on them would take At one period of time to start to see significant changes. So sorry, I guess going back to my original question. Are you surprised with how quickly these significant benefits are being seen? Well, I would say before I answered your question about how surprised I am. I think something that you mentioned at the beginning is very important. They work that I have done I hope is going to serve. Bulb everything for the new generation of neuroscientist and I'm paying Physicians to incorporate into the algorithm of neuromodulation a concept that has been out for many years is that glial cells have to be consider when you consider the treatment or management of chronic neuropathic pain if you just consider the neurons you are missing. A significant aspect of our current understanding of what is going on in the qualification of pain. So one of my goals is that we will continue our efforts and hopefully many other scientists and Physicians will join this interest. The other aspect is reproducibility. One of the most important aspects of science is that You can reproduce your results and one important aspect you mentioned about the hypersensitivity in what we call pain behavior in animals with mechanical hypersensitivity and cold and heat hypersensitivity. And I think beyond that what is really fascinating is that nowadays we can observe. Objectively what happened at the molecular level so I can look at how the genes were modified and any lab in the world can nowadays do RNA sequencing and by doing that they can look at all the different nucleotides even be beyond the genes that are expressed that will allow us to have a better and better understanding of what's going on. We are going beyond that at looking at how this transcriptomics translate into the generation of proteins and we are right now looking into the phosphor proteomics to determine at what exact molecular segment Within These peptides the activation happens and there is a lot of work to do but I think this is just the seed that I hope is going to promote more research from other groups be Beyond the results that we observe in in rodents, we did similar parameters in the oven model and interestingly the ovine model provide about 80% relief or decrease in mechanical hypersensitivity in these animals. So those were two confirming aspects that we look into as Supporting that the theory that we have built upon was translating into animal large animals. Was it surprising that it helping humans? I mean that was once again trying to adapt those Concepts into larger animal than ovine and the results have been significant. As you just mentioned, but I would say that do I believe that it is surprising that the results are observed in 48 hours in in rodents. Well, we have evaluated 24 hours 48 hours 76 hours 92 hours. So we have a bunch of different timelines where we evaluated the response to these parameters in terms of humans. We are observing that patients have alleviation of the symptoms within the first 12 hours that the the therapy is implemented and I think Brian may have had one as they call it nowadays real life experience with that. And what I think is important to understand is I am not saying that I am turning all these biological processes. Back to normal. It seems like when we remove the electrical Fields over a period of time the pain in case of human subjects is reappearing. So that means that we are modulating those biological processes while we are applying the signals and probably once the signals are removed. They already established phenotype will go back into the original situation again is something that is going to be worth to observe over the next several years as we evolve with these companies Concepts to determine whether or not some of the patients may have longer relief than expected but I am not claiming at all that we are providing or producing some gene mutation or anything like this is just simply the electrical Fields can modulate the the transcripts into mRNA and then therefore into proteins and phosphor proteomics and so as we think about that transcription process and you know, we now correlated to the study that you've worked on with dr. Fishman and we're seeing those results at 3 months in my head. It's still seems as though we should continue New to expect Improvement beyond that point where you know, I think a lot of Trials when we look when we think about neuromodulation three months is kind of the most relief and then it's a hope that we're going to hold on to that level of relief going forward and you know, obviously with a lot of the newer therapies. We are holding onto most of that relief, but with this different waveform, Would you have any type of expectation that maybe three months isn't going to be the kind of maximal point and where there might be a continued Improvement that patient see because of that overall change in you know, the MRNA transcription and and you know modulation of these proteins and Communications. I am not very good at guessing the future and more of a scientist. So what I think is the data that I have right now is three months data. We already also pass the six-month Mark and we are hoping within the next two or three months to have the one-year data and we are proposing for the research going up to two years. So what I know nowadays, it seems like in terms of primary outcome. It seems like we can through a different mechanism. We can obtain significant relief in 80% of the patients what it also seems interesting is that 63% of them obtain more than eighty percent benefit. That means that the the observe outcome seem to be quite remarkable and I am expecting that the that we can extend those results to six months and 12 months, but they study hasn't been finished and I what I want to make sure is that nobody misunderstand there is a lot of claims out there that for example based on this study patients that have failed with The stimulation should be switched to these because we proved that we are better. Well, if you look at the studies that is not necessarily true because the majority of the studies are parallel cohort studies and therefore it's impossible to predict what happened with those patients that fail with one therapy. We are observing now as we are getting a lot of data over the last few weeks that many Physicians actions that are switching and this is the the beauty of this concept is that patients that are currently implanted with the intelligence device can switch over these therapy without having to do any change in the software or anything like that. So that has give us the opportunity to engage in conversation with many Physicians that are switching from National to DTM and the the stories that I hear are positive now, I'm very skeptical by Nature does it means that the guys that are not having good experience are not telling me I have no idea. So that's why we need to do randomized control trials and move forward. I am somehow skeptical of many of the post-market real. Real life studies that are driven by some commercial interest I think as a scientist and as Physicians we should drive this new wave and promote that strict research criteria is applied as we move forward into the field. Yeah, absolutely and that type of thought process and mindset is is incredibly valuable and we definitely appreciate it and He said we should all all have that approach moving forward. Sorry last last question if you if you wouldn't mind. So as you had as you had talked about, you know, you're with the incredible research you've done but as you said you're not claiming to be creating any gene mutations, however, we are seeing this modulation of gene expression and in glial cells towards the naive state or normal healthy State. And is there any because In medicine as we all know everything is risk and benefit essentially. Nothing that we do is without risk and you know, obviously this is an incredible treatment that has you know, so much potential for a positive impact on our patients health and symptoms and function. I think it's always good, you know to consider and as you talked about your approach to science, which is is awesome and And we look up to it's always good to think about. Okay, you know, what are the potential side effects are potential concerns and one of the things that that myself and dr. Chavez thought about was, you know, if these glial cells are returning to a more naive State and in to some degree being and then and you can please correct me if this is inaccurate, Say but to sit in some degree being kept in that state with the stimulation. If there is a reason that they would need to mount a response. Would that be hindered and would that be a concern potential concern? Well, I think it's important for for all of us to understand that we are doing every single parameter that we are combining. All of them are FDA-approved parameters that have been used for a long long. Long time. They our current experience. We have patients that have been implanted within the research protocol for more than a year and a half and we I mean the patients are doing perfect. We find there is no no concern whatsoever. If you look at the side effect profile between the control and the test arm are very similar. There is no difference at all. And I have hard time to imagine that any of these maintain transcriptomic effects will have any long-term effects as I mentioned earlier glial cells. And we have some data to support that concept have been stimulated without an understanding of the effects for Generations since the 1960s when the first stimulator leads were implanted. The glial cells have been exposed to electrical signals and I will say and again we have data on M1 M2. In which one of these particular conventional approaches has a significant effect on the M1 jail cell and nothing really has happened in terms of effects on the spinal cord by doing that what I think though maybe happening is that some of the beneficial effects on neurons May. Be hindered by the negative effects of the electrical pulses on some biological processes driven by glial cells. Gotcha. All right, sir. Well, we don't want to keep you too too much longer. So we just wanted to say thank you so much for your time, and you know, we learned so much from talking to you today talking to you today, but also in regards to all the research that you've created. So we thank you very much for all your hard work and appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. I really appreciate thank you for inviting me and I'm very excited too. Listen to the podcast. Thank you. Alright. Have a good day. Okay, bye-bye. Now for that legal disclaimer this podcast is for information and educational purposes only. It is not meant to be a medical advise. If anything discussed May pertain to you. Please see counsel with the healthcare provider. The views expressed are those are the individuals expressing them. They may not represent the views of spinal nerve Diagnostic Center.