Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month. Would be nice so we'll see what happens. I might come back sooner but the whole Corona outbreak and I'm trying to situate myself in life. I think it's best to hold off on the podcast for a bit. But if you can keep doing them reviews and keep listening. I'll be back with more episodes around April or in two weeks. Not sure. So thanks again and enjoy the show. Welcome back to season one of Creepypasta moose. I'm your host Andrew. Please enjoy tonight's creepy reading. Let's begin. Squidward's Suicide written by anonymous I just want to start off by saying if you want an answer at the end prepare to be disappointed. There just isn't one. I was an intern at Nickelodeon Studios for a year in 2005 for my degree. In animation. It wasn't paid of course, but most internships aren't but it did have some perks Beyond education to adults. It might not seem like a big one but most kids at the time would go crazy over it now since I worked directly with the editors and animators, I got to view the new episodes days before they aired I'll get right to it without giving too many unnecessary details. They had very recently. Made the SpongeBob movie and the entire staff was somewhat sat of creativity. So it took them longer to start up the new season, but the delay lasted longer for more upsetting reasons. There was a problem with the series 4 premiere that set everyone and everything back for several months. Me and two other interns were in the editing room along the lead animators and sound editors for the Final Cut. We receive the copy that was supposed to be fear of the Krabby Patty and gathered around the screen to watch now given that it wasn't final yet animators often put a mock-up title card sort of an inside joke for us with phony often times lewd titles such as how sex doesn't work instead of rock-a-bye-bye valve once Bob and Patrick adopt a sea scallop nothing particularly funny but work-related Chuckles. So when we saw the title card Squidward's Suicide, we didn't think more than just a morbid joke one of the interns that a small throat laugh at it the happy-go-lucky music plays as normal The Story begins with Squidward practicing his clarinet hitting a few sour notes like normal. We here SpongeBob laughing outside and Squidward. Cops yelling at him to keep it down and he has a concert that night and needs to practice SpongeBob says, okay and goes to see Sandy and with Patrick the bubble splash screen comes up and we see the ending of Squidward's concert. This is when things began to seem off. While playing a few frames repeat themselves, but the sound doesn't at this point. The sound is synced up with the animation. So yes, that's not common. But when he stops playing the sound finishes as if the skip never happened there is a slight murmuring in the crowd before they begin to boo him not normal cartoon boing. This is common in the show, but you could very clearly here malice in it. Squidward's and full frame and looks visibly afraid the shot goes to the crowd with SpongeBob in Center frame and he too is booing very much a Mike. Mmm. That isn't the oddest thing though. What is odd is everyone has hyper-realistic eyes, very detailed clearly not shot of real people's eyes. But something a bit more real than CGI, the pupils were read. Some of us looked at each other obviously confused. But since we weren't the Riders, we didn't question its appeal to Children yet. The shot goes to Squidward sitting on the edge of his bed. Looking very forlorn The View out of his porthole window is of a night sky, so it's very long after the concert. The unsettling part is that at this point there is no sound. No sound. Not even the feedback from the speakers in the room. It's as if the speakers were turned off though their status showed them working perfectly. He just sat there blinking in this silence for about 30 seconds. Then he started to sob softly. He put his hands tentacles over his eyes and cried quietly for a full minute all the while of sound in the background very slowly growing from nothing to barely audible. It sounded like a slight breeze through a forest the screen slowly begins to zoom into his face by slow. I It's only noticeable. If you look at the shots 10 seconds, apart side-by-side sobbing gets louder more full of hurt and anger the screen then Twitches a bit as if it twists in on itself for a split second then back to normal the Wind Through the Trees sound gets slowly louder and more severe as if a storm is brewing somewhere the Erie part of the sound and Squidward sobbing Santa A real as if the sound wasn't coming from the speakers. But as if the speakers were the holes The Sounds were coming through from the other side as good as the sound as the studio likes to have. They don't purchase the equipment to be that good to produce sound of that quality below the sound of the wind and the sobbing very faint something sounded like laughing. It came at odd intervals and never lasted more than a second so you would have a hard time. I'm pinning where it came from. We watch this show twice. So pardon me if things sound too specific, but I've had time to think about them after 30 seconds of this the screen blurred and twitched violently and something flashed over the screen as if a single frame was replaced the lead animation editor pause and Rewind it frame by frame what he saw was horrible. It was a still photo of a dead child. He couldn't have been more than six. The face was mangled and bloodied. 1i dangling over the unturned face popped. He was naked down to his underwear his stomach crudely cut open and his entrails laying beside him. He was laying on some pavement that was probably a road the most upsetting part was that there was a shadow of the photographer. There was no crime tape. No evidence tags are markers and the angle was Lately off for a shot designed to be evidence. It would seem that the photographer was the person responsible for the child's death. We were of course mortified but pressed on hoping that this was all just a sick joke the screen flip back to Squidward still sobbing louder than before and half body in frame. There was now what appeared to be blood running down his face from his eyes. The blood was so done. Done in a hyper realistic style looking as if you touched it you get blood on your fingers the wind sounded now as if it were on a gale blowing through the forest there were even stabbing sounds of branches. The Laughing deep baritone lasting at longer intervals and coming more frequently after about 20 seconds the screen again twisted and showed a single frame photo. The editor was reluctant to go back we all were but he knew he had to this time the photo was that of what appeared to be a little girl. No older than the first child. She was laying on her stomach her bear. It's in a pool of blood next to her. Her left eye was to popped out and popped naked except for Underpants. Her entrails were piled on top of her above another crude cut along her back. Again, the body was on the street and the photographer Shadow was visible. Very similar in size and shape to the first I had to choke back vomit and and one in turn the only female in the room ran out the show resumed about 5 seconds after the second photo played Squidward went silent as it all the sound like it was when his scene started. He put his tentacles down and his eyes were now done in hyperrealism like the others were in the beginning of the episode. They were bleeding bloodshot and pulsating. He just stared at the screen as if watching the viewer. After about 10 seconds, he started sobbing this time not covering his eyes. The sound was piercing and Loud the most fear-inducing of all is his sobbing was mixed with screams tears and blood were dripping down his face at a heavy rate the wind sound came back. And so did the deep voice laughing and this time the still photo lasted for a good five frames. The animator was The stop it on the fourth and backed up this time. The photo was of a boy about the same age. But this time the scene was different the entrails were just being pulled out of the stomach. Wound by a large hand the right eye popped and dangled blood trickling down it the animator preceded. It was hard to believe but the next one was different, but we couldn't tell what he went on to the next same thing. He went back to the first and played them quicker and I lost it. I vomited on the floor the animating and sound editors gasping at the screen the five frames were not as if they were. Five different photos. They were played out as if they were frames from a video. We saw the hand slowly lift out the guts. We saw the kids eyes focus on it. We even saw two frames of the kid beginning to Blink the lead sound editor told us to stop we had to call the Creator to see this. Mr. Hillenburg arrived about 15 minutes. He was confused as to why he was called down here. So the editor just continued the episode. Once the few frames were shown all screaming all sound against stopped. Squidward was just staring at the viewer full frame on the face for about 3 seconds. The shock quickly panned out and that deep voice said and we see in Squidwards hands a shotgun. He immediately puts the gun in his mouth and pulls the trigger realistic blood and brain matter splatter the walls behind him and he flies back with the force. The last five seconds of the episode shows his body on the bed on his side one. I dangling on what's left. Of his head above the floor staring blankly added. Then the episode ends. Mr. Hillenburg is obviously angry at this he demanded to know what the heck was going on. Most people left the room at this point. So it was just a handful of us watching it again viewing the episode twice only served to imprint the entirety of into my mind and cause me horrible nightmares. I'm sorry. I stayed the only Theory we could think of what the file was edited by someone in the chain from the drawing studio to here. The CTO was called in to analyze what had happened the analysis of the file did show it was edited over by new material. However, the timestamp of it was mere 24 seconds before we began viewing it. All the equipment involved was examined for foreign software and Hardware as well as glitches as if the timestamp may have glitched and showed the wrong time, but everything checked out fine. We don't know what happened and to this day. Nobody does there was an investigation due to the nature of the photos, but nothing came of it. No child scene was identified and no clues were gathered from the data involved nor physical clues in the photos. I never believed in unexplainable phenomenon as before but now that I have something happened and I can't prove anything about it Beyond anecdotal evidence. I think twice about things I really do. Thank you for joining me on this week's episode. If you haven't already, please subscribe to Spotify Apple podcast or wherever you like to listen to if you haven't done so yet. Please do a review and helps me out everything that I use is in the description below. Thank you again for listening to Creepypasta myths. I'll see you guys next week with a brand new episode.