I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the conversation. We've been waiting for the entire season between Kyle and Amanda. So the whole season they have hated. Each other they want nothing to do with each other, but the episode last week ended on them having a dinner together where they still hated each other but then we popped this episode open with them having a deep conversation about Stress and Anxiety. So Amanda decides to tell him right that he/she is just under a lot of pressure. She doesn't want to sit and try to impress him all the time and she's just tired and I was really impressed that she finally Spit out what was wrong. She's been hiding herself in bathrooms and other people's rooms on different sides of the pool just to not have to tell him what was going on and we didn't really expect what he was going to say as her partner either because he's not known to say the best things but he did end up saying I just want to be there for you. I want us to be back where we are have fun, and they had a coming of their relationship age moment, and they On the same page for once and it was really nice because we went into the episode right away. We got to the house and they pulled out their mullets for the Miami Vice party. They bonded over mullets Josh if you were bonded over a mullet before I mean, there's always a fresh time to start right? I mean I got to get a mullet now, like if that's a way to get friends nowadays, especially if you're trying to get with like, you know, trying to get more dude friends out there trying to get the Bros. Yeah. I think I got to have a mullet party. I think I gotta grow up my hair now. I don't know. I think it will work, especially with those Shades that you're rocking the mullet might be the thing that you're missing. Listen this facial hair the sunglasses. I'm missing the mullet. I'm like two-thirds of the way there. I'm not official bro yet, but when I do get the mullet Me bro. I think you're well on your way to Roseville. So let's all look forward to also Josh getting a mullet along with Amanda and Kyle, but it was crazy because this is the whole episode. They just got along they had fun. They slept in the same bed, and I was not expecting it at all, but I want to hear what you guys were expecting. Thank y'all so much for tuning in to our show and all of the after-show. Shows on our Network. Don't forget to subscribe to the channel like this video comment below. What did you think the standout moment of the episode was? Were you as shocked as I when Kyle and Amanda were actually getting along and they no longer maybe hate each other and comment on all of the relationships too because let's face it. That's what we're filled with right now. So thank you all so much for tuning in and yeah keep talking to us. So let's move on to Jordan. Jordan came back in the house and I was dreading this from last season. I didn't know he was going to come back. All this man does is lie make up stories make up his feelings. He just embellishes constantly to the point where all of his housemates don't know what the truth is at all Josh you have any friends like that? You have any embellish your friends. Are you then? Bella sure friend. I am not the embellish your friend, but I do have some friends that embellished and they're just like mmm. I can't hang with them. Literally if they're found in a room with him or anything like that. It's just like I know how their Vibes in our and everything like that. So I'm just like, nope. No way. I'm just like hey, how you doing? And I'll just head on to the other room. No, thank you. I totally agree with you. That's exactly how I would be but the housemaids do not agree with us. They listen to what he's saying. They take it into account and then they know to ask the other. What's going on? So we find out that Jordan hooked up with jewels before the season started but everybody has a mixed story of what happened after the hook up and we don't even know if it was a full hookup or not, which is maybe the most confusing part of the entire thing. But we have this story where they both claimed that the other ghosted the other which does not make any sense. You would know if you were ghosted you would know if you did the ghosting - Just one of life's greatest Mysteries right there. Just like the Loch Ness monster and Bigfoot when you say who goes to the hoop. That's one of life's Biggest Mysteries right there. Who did it? Who knows? Have you been doing ghosting Josh? Is that way, you know so much about this. That's why I'm wearing my girl see Shades right now. Just this is the ghost profile right here. This is incognito mode. You know, how Google Chrome has its regular mode Incognito. This is that's not mode. Oh, yeah. All right. Well, I'll expect to get fully ghosted by Josh shortly after this episode, but that's crazy to not know who's ghosting you. They reconcile and they basically both admit that they don't know what's going on and that they just want to be loved and then they're going to hang out. I think everybody gave up pretty quickly in this scenario. They just let the other person win for the lack of entertainment in their own lives, which is fine. We've all been there. We've been bored and we say, you know, what who cares. Let's just get it moving so they continue to have their relationship with in the show. And they're having fun, but they end up hooking up and it doesn't go smoothly and Jules is telling the girls that I didn't go smoothly. Jordan's telling the guys. I'd prefer to keep it, you know to ourselves Joshua that something the guys do you guys don't like talking to each other about happenings or do you only do that if you have something to hide if you got something to hide and that's never a good thing right there normally with the like the For guys that I hang out with they love talking about what their quote unquote trophies are that's unfortunate because I don't roll that way, but they do but then sometimes usually they tell all the gruesome details about all their hookups and everything even including the one-night stands and if they're hiding something that means something either embarrassing happy on their end or just something just out of the ordinary to nose. So you think that when a guy perhaps isn't wanting to share the whole story that he's got something to hide right very much so Maybe something a little bit premature happened. If you catch my drift or something else out of the ordinary, maybe an X coming through and just break it through the door or something crazy Shenanigans happens, who knows that's exactly what happened. And so he doesn't want the boys to be disappointed. He doesn't want but he didn't really care if Jules was disappointed though, which is bad news. It's a bad way to go to care more about your what your guys think then what the girl actually had to physically go through stigma of society nowadays guys care about what guys say instead of what their actual partner says and guys We shouldn't be doing that. No, thank you. Thank you. I agree. But the other thing is that Jewel said, you know regardless of how not smoothly the physical stuff is going she likes the attention. So she's going to keep it moving the lesson if I was if all these lies were floating around in all this confusion and not being able to speak to someone directly. I think I would walk away from it. But at the same time she is the Loneliest person. In the Hamptons and so I understand why she is going to give Jordan a try but I don't trust him, but I guess we will see what happens in the next episodes. All right. So we've got our casual triangle back together of Hannah. Luke are Monde now the episode starts with Hannah telling everybody that Luke asked her on a date and she said yes, but she was playing the he's obsessed with me card. It's annoying but really it comes out that she just felt guilty for saying yes to a date with him while she's in this other situation with our mind and so she's telling her girls one thing kind of the same. So I guess I was addressing you about the guy version of that. But that is also the girl version you're trying to hurt the anybody version. I guess you're trying to push something away to not talk about it, but you end up talking about it anyway, because you're stuck. You don't know what to do when it comes to Casual love triangles. That's just a difficult thing that says because if you're interested in one person and then again, you don't want to hurt another person's feelings. It's kind of a retrospect Karma right there because one you already talking to Someone to you introduced to another person and you're trying to juggle to see your options, which is fine. You can always see what your options are. But if you're saying, oh you like another one guy and you like another guy and you don't want to hurt both of their feelings. You're kind of stuck in the mess right there. I mean could not have said it better myself. That's so true. So she continues to talk about you know, she feels bad about saying yes to Luke but it's obvious that Luke just likes her so much and he hasn't done anything wrong, but we find out what our mind has done wrong he has Old Lindsay that it's just casual between him and Hannah and Hannah did not know this until she was on her paddleboarding Excursion with the other girls. So when she found out she was actually hurt she felt pain because she realized hey, that's me and that's not nice to learn that your casual when you didn't think you were but also she has this whole universe with this other person happening and she doesn't know what to do. What? Did you do Josh if you had to casuals one was nice to you one's not that nice to you. Who do you who do you choose? Obviously, I gotta go with the nice one. I don't do I don't play with me people hear me now for niver nice and especially if it's a casual hookup. You do not want to be friends with the main person sick with the nice one. This is what producer Josh says. There you go. So she is we haven't found out where she's going with this yet. We can assume and hope and pray that she's going to choose Luke let Monde go it doesn't seem to matter very much but clearly it matters to her. So and Luke keeps getting denied. He ended up saying final sleep with my goldfish. And that was really sad because Luke truly is the only nice guy in the house through and through the other guys. They have little little instances of niceties happening, but Luke isn't letting anybody down. He's just trying to hang so and the end Hannah put herself in her own bed. Luke slept with the Goldfish and we'll see what happens to them next week. I'm hoping for a complete revamp Hannah back at it with Luke Armando you don't exist, but we'll see if I get what I want. So to the final relationship that was the craziest part of this episode for sure the back and forth between Carl and Lindsay what is going on? We've had Carl Josh you remember the date with the plastic on the rooftop? Oh, yeah, definitely do that is we're starting out basically like that. Carl has as come into this relationship and now he wants to end it he wants nothing to do with Lindsay, but they're riding to The Hamptons together. He keeps kissing her on the cheek or all over the place and he keeps going to her first but telling everybody else he tried. I'd to break it off. Let me tell you something about trying to break something off unless you say I do not want to see you anymore. This is over. You have not tried to break anything off. You can't just go to the opposite side of the room and then you say oh, I broke it off. Am I right Josh totally right? I mean listen, it was over before it even started. I mean who brings Postmates the first date come on that's on the other. Rooftop not eaten even plan it and let's talk about the other person. She was dressed up pretty nice. She was he came in super casual like if nothing was happening. I mean, come on, that's like that's Dead on Arrival right there. I'm sorry. Thank you. That's how this whole thing started and now he's trying to do take backs and he ends up going to do a workout and he goes with Lindsay and a couple of the other guys and he asks how out the trainer There when she's in the same vicinity, he doesn't even think about her and Kyle egged him on to do it. I could not believe that he had the cojones to do that. I don't know why you wouldn't just at least get someone's number. Ask them later thoughts Josh. I mean at this point, he's not thinking with his brain. You think he's thinking with another organ if you know what I mean? I know Chad, unfortunately if he has literally the cajones to ask He else while on a date with somebody else. That's just not cool. I mean do that on your own time. But if you're with another person if you're with someone that you say that you're still in love with no go not cool. Exactly. Like he is he's Carl's pretending that he's never told Lindsay that he liked her at all. He's making up this side story of what he wanted to happen, but doesn't exist. So we asked her on this date the trainer says, yes, she's so down and then he flirts with her the rest of the time. Time when Lindsay's just looking and Lindsay is way more classy than I would have been in that scenario because I would have been like hello. What are you doing? You're making me look like an idiot. You look like an idiot. What is going on? I do not understand but that's not what you did. She let it go and then they went out and then he went to his own bed. She tried to get in it and he denied her. I mean Lindsay's got to find someone better than Carl. I mean Carl, come on, man. You're messing up. Carl I mean listen my thought right now is what's he going to post mate for the date with the trainer obviously something healthy imagine but well no go no go Lindsay. You can do better girl such a fair point. Like what's that get taken look like it's everything that he does especially so far in the season. We've had so many flashbacks. He does the same moves. So you're so right. He's going to pull the same stuff. So he goes on and finally he decides to tell Lindsey I don't want to do this, but he did it so indirectly. actly and the worst thing that he said was I just wanted to see what it was like For them to be together their best friends. I just want to see what what it was like and the second he said that Lindsay popped off and she should have because he doesn't make any sense at all. Like at this point. What does he think this is a test trial is trial version is two weeks up and she's like, I don't like this. I'm not going to buy it. Let's go to another test trial. Hmm not gonna happen buddy. No, it's like you're not only is it just straight up not nice, but it's just stupid. It doesn't make any sense. You don't just trial run things. You don't just See what things are like unless someone mutually says you want to just like spend a week and see what things are like, but that's not what happened. They were having feelings for each other. It was vocalized and he was neglecting to remember what he vocalized. So we'll see how this goes. He keep saying I just want to be friends. I want to be friends again because they were best friends before I don't think that they can do that and I don't think Lindsay should do that to herself because it's just a bunch of reminders. Of everything that went down. What do you think? Would you be someone's best friend again after that? Not necessarily because if oral depends I guess on the situation obviously, there are a lot of people out in the real world who have dated and then that's not necessarily works out, but they do remain great friends. So maybe I guess it depends on the situation my personal thing if we ended up pretty much on the level everything's good. No Dromedary thing sure why not might not friends. But if it's one thing where it's just like I had feelings for one. And she didn't have those feelings back not going to happen. It's just one of those things where you just don't want to relive those type of pain anymore. I mean this whole thing has been drama even their friendship is drama. She knows all the drama and so, you know, this is a very 50/50 situation. She knew who she was getting involved with but at the same time you expect it to be different because I think when we have friends no matter, you know gender whatever it is sexual orientation. It doesn't matter when you have friends the way that they treat you as their friend. Is very different than what they treat their significant other as whether that be better or worse. It depends on the person. So I think that she thought she was going to get her friend Carl but obviously from all of his you know, what you know messing around it's not what she got. So it's really sad. I don't think that I would be best friends. I think even the words best friends between the two of them. It makes me like cringe and sad for her. So I think at that point it's just safe to call them. Acquaintances rather than friends. You just someone that just like well, that's the that's somebody that I you know had a little thing with not really significant in any way. Yeah, I agree I agree but we'll we'll see what happens. So we've got some good news though this week for summer house Yasmin. So Lauren work as former summer house mate has gotten engaged to her boyfriend Ryan. This is great news guys. That means there can be love after the summer house. I hope that all of these people that we discussed find that out tonight. Look how cute they are. They're so happy. That's where they proposed. It's on the beach. It's so good. Oh gosh. It's so good. So congratulations, Lauren and Ryan on your engagement. We hope that everything goes way better than what's happening on this show. So let's get into a little special time of the show and talk about who we think is the most wild partnership on this show so far don't mind if I do that's literally Lee exactly how I feel, thank you Josh. That's exactly how I feel. Thank you so much. It comes the drama and everything like that. I think that's a we offer such high drama you I can go on forever about how Wild these people actually are but what they do to each other so insane and I think I've got to give it to Carl and Lindsay because they have two different relationships. They've got their friends friendship and they've got their romance, whatever you want to call it and they have done each other wrong in both ways. Completely this whole time when they were just friends. It was perfect 100% but now all of the Betrayal within both betrayal is maybe a strong word. That's how I feel that it's a friend betrayal. Therefore. It's a love betrayal therefore. No go. I think they're 100% the wildest part of the show and I hope that something happens where they have like a come to whatever moment with each other and make a mess. Men's to try to chill out because you know, there's future after the summer house and I hope that it's a happy one for that. So let's get into predictions with what's going to happen. You're up next week TV predictions and maybe the rest of the season so I am really really hoping that Amanda and Kyle stay on this road to improving their relationship because before this, Episode they had no hope if I would talk about this show I would say no, they're getting they're not going to get married. And if they do it'll be in a dorm it and it'll end very quickly because they were just not nice to each other. They're being so mean to each other they hate each other. But now I think they've found an Avenue of communication, especially understanding that, you know, Amanda has some mental health issues that she's trying to deal with and that she had a hard time opening up. So I'm hoping that they just stay on a great path. I really really really want Hannah and Luke to be together. I want Armand to leave the picture. So I hope that I get that. Oh, what else do I want? Oh, I want Jordan to leave the summer house at the end of this summer without telling any more lies. That's what I want. I want to not be so confused by his existence. What do you think about that Josh? I couldn't agree more. I mean enough with the enough with the BS. Yeah, we're come clean exactly. We are over at well guys that is it for our aftershow for Summer House season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. You can find me on Instagram and Twitter at hey Trina dong, please. Please continue to tune in to our show find out all the craziness that's going to happen next week and Beyond. Thank you guys. Our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever your grave we've got it. So go to AfterBuzz TV.com and check out our lineup Buzz. See you later. Hmm use express herein are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect. The views of AfterBuzz TV rights owners are printable.