Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. some people might be listening to this and getting extremely turned on hahaha. And if anyone by chance is Beating their meat or flick your bean to my voice. I mean, I'm sure my voice isn't the one people are beating off do but it's like it's right there in the room. You know it I feel like this is the closest that I will ever be to being a cam boy. So I feel like I've kind of made it in life. Yeah, do you like it like that? Huh? Oh, what's that? Oh my God. I'm for sure gonna get people writing me saying that wasn't funny. I don't like it. When you try to be funny Ace. You're so stupid. Oh my God. I really hope your kids aren't in the car or you aren't in the school pick-up line or anything, but that's not true. I do. I hope I said that at the most awkward time ever and now everyone thinks the year listening to some sort of erotica in the car. Oh so good. Oh my God. Okay last thing before we start this episode. This is probably why I'm in such a good mood right now. March is finally here. And in case you did not know March is my birthday month and I am one of those people who feels the need to tell you all month long that March is my birthday month. Just so like I'm in your thoughts throughout the entire month. Just treat me differently, you know, I don't want to be treated like everybody else during the month of March. But to help the celebrations if you have never joined patreon in the past now is the time because I'm working on really beefing. Beefing this month up and getting you guys all sorts of different content. So join, but if you don't want to then that's fine, too. I'm just putting it out there. I'm not trying to sell you on it. I'm just telling you that I'm putting a lot of good stuff on there this month and I just figured I'd let you know, okay. Here we go on to your beat off material. This week secret my not. So average sex life part 2 I go to this house with this group of people and it's basically going to be this big hookup Zone apparently been talking to these people for quite a while so we know who were they were wasn't like I was going off into this house with a huge group of strangers. And there's a hot tub because there's always a hot tub. Of course, there's and yeah, there's always a hot tub. You know what that's than a hot tub isn't even good. I don't I don't know why it's about people taking off part of their clothes that like it kind of eases the tension I think and then it's like Oh, I can just slip my bathing suit off like how your husband untied your top and it just like fellas like oh, he has my boobs. That's probably true and the waters warm. So you're comfortable that you're in this like closed space mostly naked with people. So yeah, I mean I can see that for sure. There's hot tub and me and this guy are making out and everything and he sits up on the side of the hot tub and says I want you to go down on me. You better not use your teeth. Like he's putting on this like controlling voice and I'm like, okay, thank you. And so I blow him for a little while and then he starts like grabbing my hair like pulling my hair and and I'm still into it like okay, this is fun. But I was adamant like I could never be into BDSM and especially not on the submissive side. No way that whatever happened. I'm you know, way too. Dominant for that and he proved me wrong as the night progressed. He ended up putting a belt around my neck. And yeah, yeah, I mean he was like whispering in my ear and saying trust me and you know all of this stuff I think to him he wanted to figure out can I break this strong headed person? He would bite me and you know causing like a little bit of pain but Oh, well, he's doing things that feel really good and put a belt around my neck that said I'm not going to make you pass out. I'm just going to tighten a little you know, and he held on to it almost like a collar and Leash type thing and you know throughout this evening. I'm getting this like many dose of the Dom sub Dynamic and lovin it. You know, it was just hot you're getting a Any dose because that sounds like the final yeah, as far as I could never even going with you and I need to ask you to your husband is thinking that oh you're on a date at a bar and then all of a sudden now you're at this fucking orgy house getting strangled by a like are you in the loop? This is Actually, I have texted him like how my plans had changed and where I was going and all that like we're both super safe, and he's very very concerned about my safety all the time. I was not texting him about the BDSM stuff that totally threw me for a loop. I didn't know it was coming. I didn't know it was going to happen and I didn't know how it would make me feel after. And I want to point out that you also you said that you knew this couple because you'd been talking to them, but you have not like actually really met them in person. Correct? That's true. Yeah, she's - yeah, so I agree. This is how people die for sure. I could have been a news story. I mean if we're being honest, but thankfully it all worked out for me. So in a lot of ways in many many ways, so this Apple was polyamorous. They've identified as polyamorous and I had never met anybody or even knew what that term men. My husband and I knew we were swingers and then we had recently transitioned into basically an open relationship. You can just sleep with whoever you want to sleep with just tell me about it first kind of thing and they kind of describe themselves as polyamorous they pursue and have relationships outside. Side of their own relationship. In fact, they had a woman living with them who the man was also dating she wasn't living with them because they were dating she had a situation where she needed somewhere to stay. They were helping her out then in the dating her so that was very interesting to me, but I wasn't really on my radar that literally just sounds like the world's like cheapest porno like, oh, she just needed a place to stay and then he started fucking her, right? I know. Yeah, that was new and the lifestyle but the lifestyle is so different even polyamory is defined differently for every couple, you know for this couple they weren't looking for a quote third in their relationship, but they were actively pursuing full relationships outside of theirs, but other people who are polyamorous they're looking for A three-way connection where if it's a man entering the relationship they want them to live with them and then the men are in relationship. The woman is in the relationship with both men and everybody loves everybody and that's not how we are either but that's how some people Define polyamory as well. It can be really different for four different people. How do you guys Define polyamory? We Define it as you know, we can pursue and embrace relationships outside of ours, but we always our number one to one another. We're not looking for somebody to come live with us or become part of our relationship. We always hold each other first if I have the choice am I going to go sleep with my boyfriend or am I going to sleep with my husband? I'm always choosing my husband. So anybody that I consider pursuing Being a real relationship with I tell them like you have to be okay with being second place, you know, that's part of what we do but people that become important to me and an important part of my life you're going to get time from me you are going to you know, get to see me. I'm in a make you a priorities, but for a lot of people that is the perfect Arrangement because you know, they don't want to be in a serious relationship or Although they are dated about serious relationships. Just got out of a bad one whatever or they just want to have somebody that they can regularly regularly called asleep with and they can also sleep with whoever else they want and you call them your boyfriend's if they get to that point. Yes, this couple introduces the idea of polyamory to me and they also introduced BDSM. I say that it's actually the man. So we do this BDSM light basically because I promise that was light and I go home at night and I'm just almost in this trance. It's really hard to describe. I was in this mental state where I was really calm and felt like I was just floating in the clouds, you know, just I think it was a byproduct. The adrenaline rush that I was feeling in the moment and when you come down for that, you're just like calm it was extremely empowering to me to have given up control and given my trust over to another person and I know it seems weird to use the word empowering and when describing that I've had my power taken away, but it really was because it's still always my choice always do you? Also think that it could have something to do with the fact that you are literally always in control. Use even said yourself. You're a control freak like it's almost a nice break for you to be like, I'm going to let somebody else being controlled be like, I'm a hundred percent. Absolutely that is what it is because I've definitely gotten more into it and because for me I was like, okay, I have to figure out why I'm feeling this way. This is so weird. I thought this is Something I would hate and right now I'm feeling so light and that's exactly what it is. I always and the person taking care of everybody. I'm always the one paying the bills and you know, I am I've got a pretty high-powered job and I have staff and now I just I always have to have all of this stuff juggling around me all the time and when I gave up that control, it was an extremely cathartic experience and it was like Like a light switch for me because I've never experienced it before and I could not stop thinking about it. It was a sexual experience. I will never forget and with my introduction to BDSM BDSM is an extremely emotional thing to partake in this is how we got to polyamory because I felt this emotional attachment to this. That had introduced this to me and oh man when I had the conversation with my husband the next day that was interesting. He was not thrilled about it at all because He also had never experienced anything like that. Never gotten into it never was his thing. In fact, he's a very like gentle sweet person and he was like, I have a couple of light bruises on me because like bite mark and stout and I bruise very easily. So it was it was not like he was beating the shit out of me or anything like that. It's just like if you Grab me and push your thumb and my arm just a little bit. Like I've got a big group, you know, I had a couple bruises on me and he was like feeling all kinds of ways about it, but I just couldn't stop smiling about it. I was like no I'm telling you. This was such an interesting and amazing experience I want to do with you and he was very very tentative about it, but I am a researcher. So I I said I'm going to do some research on BDSM. I'm going to do some you know, I want to know like what people do what kind of emotions are involved. You know, how a sub act how would Dom act all of that and I'm like, I'm going to be an expert on the subject and I asked my husband to do the same thing because I was like, I really want to try this with you just I really want to do this and he was very hesitant about it because it's just so much out of his character, you know. I'm doing all this research and I'm things are clicking for me. Oh my gosh, this makes so much sense. And I just want to do it and at least text my husband enough to say, okay. Just let me do this with this other person then I understand you're uncomfortable with it. But you know, let me do it this with this other person and he was like, okay fine, but no more bruises. I don't want to see bruises on you. I was like, okay. All right, you know rule number one, I guess. And so I continue to see this type of person for a while. And because BDSM is such an emotional journey. I started feeling very intense feelings of love for the decision or at least yeah first rule of exactly exactly my husband and I had never talked about this eventuality. I knew this was a thing in polyamory, but we had never discussed that this was a thing. And I felt emotionally attached to this person because they were causing so many emotions in me. So it was a very natural thing to have happen in this type of dynamic and this led to a very Rocky time and my husband and my relationship. Can I ask you you're saying that you were feeling all of these emotions and I know that we talked about, you know, finally being able to kind of not have to be in control. But what were the other feelings that you were getting from the BDSM? Like what was it that was happening? That was like, oh fuck like that's why I'm feeling all of these emotions like to me. I feel like I just be fucking scared. I think it was surrendering yourself completely to this person and you have to trust them that they are not going to quote hurt you like that hurt hurt you and that creates a very Strong bond between two people people do have relationships where you know, they are dumb Dynamic and they just do it for fun. And that's all you know, it's just an emotional release because that's what it a lot of it comes to is you're getting this emotional release. I am a sub that really really enjoys pain. I have an extremely high tolerance for pain and it gives me an adrenaline rush Shhhh, when somebody is causing pain that puts me in this like I don't know euphoric State it's called sub a in the industry because I am a total expert now, but I didn't know what it was at the time that I just it was like taking drugs. I was like I was on a high and I'm doing these things with this person and there's like hard spanking involved. There was fighting the whole Like hands around the throat choking thing. All of these things were super new to me and giving me these like adrenaline rushes that were leading to these euphoric states of mind. And in addition. I was surrendering control and putting myself into this submissive mindset. Have you ever done any type of drugs or anything in your life? No, it's so yeah, I say, oh I feel like drugs. Do you feel like it's like a high hi or something like that that like other people can you know get addicted to? Yeah, I believe it is a feeling you can get addicted to but when I was younger, I smoke pot never liked it. I've done ecstasy a couple of times I'd say the closest feeling that I have to compare is what the euphoric feeling you have when you take painkillers like strong painkillers. I've never taken those recreationally, but I If you have like dental work done or something like that, you take painkillers and as a result, it makes you high even if you're taking it for reasons of controlling pain and so that would be I think the closest feeling because that is like a serotonin rush for your brain. So I've never experienced the runner's high. I think it's a missed but okay, but when people describe to me what they feel like when they get this Runner's High, And why they love running to me. It sounds like the same thing sort of this Rush of adrenaline and euphoric State of Mind you get and I read something somewhere that said people that practice BDSM are the most emotionally stable people and I believe it I really do because I'm emotionally unstable, but maybe maybe it would make you become emotionally stable if you let some of that out another way. Is so it's an outlet. That's what it is. And it was something that I instantly got hope to and I wouldn't say I was like addicted to it where I'm going to go through withdrawals or anything like that, but I definitely wanted it again and again and again when you're feeling these types of emotions and a certain person is giving those to you. I think it just happens naturally that you were. Going to be feel attached to that person and that's what happened with me all told I ended up dating this guy for a year. It was a very very Rocky year for my husband and I though initially I came to him and talked to him about polyamory when you know, what do you think about this idea do you think you would ever have the potential of having more feelings for the women you're dating, you know if you were dating them for a long time, so we sort of discussed it. An intellectual conversation at first and we talked about what polyamory is and everything and then I told him that I was feeling these sort of feelings for this other person and he didn't get it and he was super afraid that I was going to leave him for this other person again kind of going back to some of the insecurities maybe from the way our relationship started because he knows that I'm capable of doing that. That right and I asked him to please do some research about polyamory that's does not have to mean anything changes with us. I didn't know it was going to happen. It wasn't trying to make it happen, but we fought a lot because I felt that strong feelings for this other person. I didn't want to stop seeing him and this was another time in my life where I feel like I was being pretty selfish because I was really refusing to see why he was so upset or work. More to make him understand and I just felt like well, he should just understand and accept this I'm not leaving him, you know, just let me have this again another time where I could have done things differently, but you know over the course of a few months we talked, you know, we fight and then we talked and then we talked and talked and we really slowly worked through it as a couple and he really came around. Round to the idea that it was okay, and they've actually took him all told a couple of years before he felt so secure with the idea that didn't bother him at all. But he at least came around to accepting the idea because he saw how unhappy it made me to think about not seeing this other person and so it really evolved and he identifies us polyamorous as well now, so he's really just came over to my side and during this time as well. We began exploring BDSM ourselves. You know, he slowly came over to my side on that too. I've always Has been the driver of these things and he's been the resistor. I am much less emotional in general than he is, which is funny because I feel all these emotions with BDSM. And again, I think that's why I'm just so into it is because most of the time I just I don't get emotional about things. I'm very practical and logical I give give me the high levels. Don't tell me the details. All of that and he's extremely detail oriented and very I always joke that he's the girl in our relationship because you know, he's sensitive and he he needs the snuggle time. He needs that affirmation and things like that and he'll get emotional about things. So it was really hard for him to come to terms with either of these ideas, but he did start dabbling and BDSM with me and eventually I broke up with this other person. Person because they started getting pretty possessive and they were starting to put my husband down while talking to me and I was not about that. That is absolutely not. Okay. He started saying things like he wanted me to be with him. And I just I've had it Loose I couldn't go down that road and wouldn't go down that road. I mean it kind of prove that my husband and I were number one for one another. What was happening in BDSM and he's very tentative about it at first but you know, he sees how much I liked it and we're talking about things that I'd like for him to do. I'd like for him to choke me pull my hair will even do spankings and stuff with a belt which is very painful Jesus, but I had nobody was more shocked than I but here we are. So, you know, I would keep wanting to push the limits, you know, more and more, you know, do that harder or not. That one was good. I need a break whatever it is because you know part of BDSM of trust in knowing that your partner is going to respect your limits and limits are here's a things. I will not do here the things I'm not okay with they're called hard limits when you are Reaching a limit. You can use a safe word to ask your partner to slow down or hold up or you can use a safe word. That means stop everything you're doing right now. I've reached my limit. What are your safewords? We're super boring. We use the typical safe words of the yellow and red, except use most commonly. It's not as fun as Hobby Lobby, but you know it, you know, those are the words we use so So yellow means I've had enough of what you're doing, you know, you don't have to stop everything that like no more of that and red is I've reached a limit. I can't handle anymore. The scene has to stop a good will not try to get you to your safe word. So get you to Yellow, but they don't try to get you to read and so far. I haven't had to use the word read. What things for you. Will cause like a red light when you just like no, I won't do that won't go there or is it just like a threshold of pain? So I do have hard limits that my husband knows about things. I will not do are anything involving non-sexual bodily fluids. Not into it. I don't do age play. We're like somebody's pretending to be a baby or a little girl or anything like Like that, the schoolgirl fantasy is fun, but I'm not sitting down coloring and coloring books and Cohen that and exciting time. That's the thing for some people. I won't accept permanent marks on my body. My husband has asked me a couple of times to get a tattoo of like a BDSM related tattoo, and I'm just like, you know, I don't want to do it bleeding suspension, which is where you like, maybe have some hooks in the Ling and you're tied up with rope and you're suspended from those hooks being tied up. The reason I won't do suspension is it's incredibly dangerous for somebody who doesn't know what they're doing and I'd say my husband doesn't yet know what he's doing as far as ropes for a suspension and it's not a dig or anything. It's just all of this stuff takes a lot of practice especially bondage binding using rope. I won't do that because it's just too easy to strangle yourself that way, you know, and I like joking but not not that much so but those are definitely things that if somebody tried to do it I'd be going red instantly and the threshold of pain so if I've had enough or too much that would be when I would use that word because there's a trust thing on both sides, right? My husband has to trust me to use my words if I need to so that No, no, he's not hurting me, you know outside of the ways that I want to be hurt and he's going to know to like he's not going to cause me physical damage by doing some of these things. So I have to listen to my body and I have to communicate to him when I'm reaching a limit. And then again, I have to trust him that he's not going to go too far. So I've never gotten to read and that's the other thing about BDSM to is we're polyamorous we fully date. Other people we have fun with couples were open to that. We will have threesomes. Well, you know, my husband wants to me to do a gangbang and I want to do it too. I mean, it's not just like he's trying to talk me into it. So I mean we have that on the agenda, but I am not allowed to do BDSM with anyone else. That is our thing. And that is the only rule we have in place. Do you think that that is because of all of the emotions he saw you getting with somebody else's just like I feel like your husband Bentley. Okay, he was tentative at first and doing it just because he knew I wanted it but he actually has his own feelings about his role now. So he fully enjoy the emotional up of being dominant now as we've evolved over the years. And so he just knows how deep that goes and he doesn't want me to experience that with anyone else and so far. I haven't felt like I need to either so when I'm dating somebody else if a completely like normal vanilla relationship and I'm fine with that. It's not like that's boring to me that like, you know, every time I have sex I have to be spanked while we're doing it, you know, things like that and you know, just like you would go on Tinder and find somebody that you click with And you know you go out to dinner and watch a movie whatever like I totally do that with other people and it's fine. The only weird thing about it is that I'm married and that doesn't even feel weird to me anymore, you know feels totally normal and sometimes I have to remind myself that not everybody lives this way. So I want to kind of go back to the BDSM situation because of this complete kind of role reversal in your guys's Is relationship, you know, you wear let's be honest. You wear the pants in the relationship. You are the totally control freak and stuff like that. And do you feel like because of the shift sexually with BDSM. There's also been any sort of shift in your relationship. Definitely. There are things that it changes about our relationship, especially sexually, but I think that You know, as you said I definitely wear the pants in the family. I'm the sole Breadwinner, you know, all of that stuff. So BDSM also gives my husband that chance to be the man, you know, and he really loves that and it doesn't bother him that I'm the breadwinner or that you know, I'm a control freak in our everyday life. The doesn't like he's not emasculated in any way that you know, I make more money or that, you know, I basically run the house. Bold things like that, but he does really enjoy that he gets to take that control in the bedroom and it changes the dynamic about our relationship in some ways. We don't do BDSM 24/7 in a lot of ways my husband can kind of give me a cue and then I know okay it's on you know, and then we will morph into our roles naturally and it's play time and that can come up at any moment. But I always have the option to say no. I don't feel like it, you know things like that to Some Ds relationships dumb said relationships. They are a 24/7 things and you know, the submissive is always quote on call they serve their Master they can be demanded to do sexual things at the drop of a hat that Dynamic doesn't work for us because we still have lives to lead. I have a job to go to we have children to take care of and there are days where I'm just freaking tired. I'm exhausted. I do not even want to think about having sex at all. Let alone doing a scene a scene is physically demanding for both of us. It's like a major workout because you know at last the while we're doing a lot of different activities. It's usually very rough sex, which is Very exerting. So, you know, there's all these things about doing a scene where you need the time and the energy to do it. That sounds miserable. So, hey don't knock it till you try it. I'm telling you don't know you don't know what you don't like until you try it. I know but that's literally my entire life like just yesterday some of these like yesterday was Thanksgiving weird topic to talk about right now, but some it's like why don't you stuff and I was like, I hate it and I like my wife is like have you tried it's like no, but I just hate it. That's my whole life. I hate everything and then sometimes I'll try something like so yeah, I need to kind of push on something with you because I just recently released the my open marriage episode and a lot of people had some pushback with it and they were like, I don't get it if you feel like you're not being fulfilled by your significant other. Why not just go out like why be married and I want to hear from you. Like what is it that like, you know makes you feel like you need to or want to go outside of your marriage, especially now with the polyamory like you're doing like that actual dating that like, I don't know I think yeah. Yeah, so that's a very common question and just to be clear. I am definitely not Unfulfilled with my husband if we were to turn our backs on polyamory or openness or swinging tomorrow. I think we'd be just fine. And I think that's the key right there where relationships that are open are successful when the couple doesn't feel like they need to be open when couples try to do this to try to fix the marriage. Well, like well, you know, my husband wants to do this and Maybe this will make it better or the wife or whatever when couples try to do it fix the marriage or I'm to make the other person happy because they are feeling unfulfilled. That's where disaster happens because there are definitely people that try swinging or try open marriages or whatever that don't make it. It was the last ditch effort to try to save a failing marriage. So I think that's where the success is. I don't feel unfulfilled and I don't but I also don't feel held back. So I I get to enrich My Life by experiencing things with other people. I can experience different personalities. I get to experience like those first new relationship butterflies, you know again because let's face it when you're in a relation a long relationship with somebody you just those go away at some point and you don't get them back. And so you get to experience new relationship excitement and I feel really just overall very fulfilled. My life and I think our openness with sex in which relationships has a lot to do with that and I am so comfortable in my marriage to that. I'm just not worried that that's going to go away ever. And so it gives me just a lot of sense of well-being and security, you know knowing that I have all of these things in my life and I think that's why we enjoy it couples that enjoy a non-traditional sex life and Especially people that are polyamorous where you have other feelings and emotions involved. They are tend to be the best communicators because Communication in this lifestyle is 100% key. There are still times where I will go on a date and I forget to text my husband when I left the house. Whereas something like usually not wants to know when am I leaving the house when I get to where I'm going whether it's his house. Restaurant when we leave that place if we're going out and when I get home and it's one a safety thing, he's still always just worried about me and it's who he gets to feel like he's a little bit involved because if he dates by himself and he's polyamorous and you know is open to those feelings and stuff like that. But also, I think he would prefer if he was always just there when I'm having sex with someone. One else, but that kind of dynamic is a little bit different than actually trying to cultivate a real relationship with someone. So in my mind, those are separate there's a time for a sexy fun time, but I'm not going to try to build a relationship with this person this person we call them over for sex. That's it. And I don't want to involve my quote boyfriend in kinky fun time. So, you know, I like to keep those two things separate. Because I get really bored with relationships that are only sexual I can stand them for a few days. But if all I'm talking to somebody about is sex. I'm over it in a heartbeat and so I can't maintain a relationship and I feel like if I'm having threesomes with my boyfriend and my husband that turns our relationship into just sex. I don't know if that's a great explanation for had but you know, that's how I see it as a hero you say this I dove think of an analogy and I think it's kind of like you like a sex buffet or you like a buffet in life for me. I go to every single restaurant. I don't ever look at the menu a second time after I've been there once because I'm good with what I get. And I order the same thing the exact same way every single time, but I think you're someone who likes to peruse the menu you like for other people to order different things. In split a plate which is like my worst fucking nightmare and like you just like to know what all the things you don't want to miss out on anything. That's that's absolutely true. And I feel like that's true for my husband as well because even though he was kind of reluctant about some of this stuff at first. He absolutely loves that if he finds some chick sexy he can take her home if he wants to, you know, I mentioned before like he was we were first together. He was like starting to cross the line with other people because he's just naturally flirty and he likes the buffet as well. He likes to experience other people. He still says I am the sexiest woman on the planet in his opinion and you know that nobody has slept with is as good as I am to him, but that doesn't mean that he doesn't enjoy the fact that he can experience somebody else if he wants to and the same for me Ian. Way that I can do that if I want to and we go through abs and clothes. There are times where for several months. Neither of us will date anybody, you know, and then suddenly I meet somebody and I start seeing this person or or you know, usually things disallowed after a few weeks and we don't build really a truly polyamorous relationship with that person, but it's happened for me now twice where I found a person that I really clicked with and I want to see them over and over again. So you're not. I mean we talked about this you're not really into women all that much. No. No, I mean, I actually I do enjoy kissing them and playing around above the waist but definitely don't need to have that for sure and I will not go below the waist. It's I mean, I just don't care for it. It does nothing for me. What? So ever and then I mean your husband he's not into men at all. No, no not at all. There was a show like on HBO or Showtime about a polyamory couple of whatever it was one of those other situations that you were talking about where like the couple kind of they both kind of date this person, but then they can also date outward. So there's not really even an opportunity for you guys to share because of the incompatibility. Right, right, I mean We are so my husband's okay with being naked around another man, like obviously that happens in this lifestyle you're swinging or having threesomes. So he's definitely fine with that. But no more than that. He doesn't want touching or fucking or kissing or any of that with another man. We are still very open to sleeping with a couple if we find the right couple that has not happened and so You know, we just haven't done that in quite a long time because as I said before there's usually a compatibility issue on some level of the foursome and we're also very open to threesomes and we really enjoy that we've done those a few times. We have not done a female female man threesome because I think you've heard the term unicorn before. Yeah. They are hard to find. It's just really hard to find a woman who Want to join a couple because women's they can be so picky about who they sleep with and under what circumstances because there is literally opportunity at every corner if I wanted to find somebody to sleep with I could find him in five minutes. And you know, I I listen to your my open marriage episode and I think she said on tender you tell a guy you're married. He said don't care when we fuck. In fact, it's exhausting and So it's I just have no problems. My husband does date. It is a little bit harder for him though, because again, I mean women just can be very selective and men just aren't usually so I want to know and I just think that this would be a great thing for the podcast. What is like your ultimate BDSM fantasy like you said that you're really into it and I'm curious as to what exactly Exactly. That looks like a man. So okay, my biggest fantasy right now. It actually doesn't involve any pain. I love to be blindfolded and restrained. So we have this like four-point restraint system that goes under our bed and so it cuts your ankles and your wrists. What I would love is to be restrained in that way and blindfolded and it's really intense when that is happening because you can hear some things that are going on around you but you don't know what's coming or what to expect my husband and I do this all the time, but there's another element to this that my Ultimate Fantasy but where the anticipation is just crazy and you might be met with like a slap from a whip or I or you know, a soft feather or you know, all of these Different textures and you just don't know what's coming so that it's already really intense. So my ultimate fantasy is to be in that position and have somebody coming to have sex with me but it's not my husband, you know, and I didn't know this was happening. I can't see the person. I don't know who it is, but I know it's not him. We call it the mystery man fantasy and we haven't done it yet, but we want to Ooh, and I'm super looking forward to it because it's just so sexy for me to realize that I'm sleeping with a stranger and I can't do anything because I'm completely tied up and motionless and can't see the person and so yeah, that's super hot to me. Would you take the blindfold off at the end and seared would he like leave as a man of mystery that you never knew about? I don't know. Actually, I've gone back and forth on that like wood. Obviously, I would want to see who did I just think what s but there's also something really sexy about the guy just leaving, you know, and I never know who it was. I don't know II guess I'd have to wait and see in the moment what that would feel like. Oh my God, that's yeah, so but I do like to be restrained in general so, you know other than pain, I really really enjoy being a mobile and not able to do anything about Out what's happening to me? It's more of the release of control and especially blindfolded and restrained because you know the blindfold it's crazy. It really builds up that anticipation and it makes everything your senses more acute make you more aware of everything that happens is a very random question, but it's not be anything. It's been on my mind and in your first marriage. Did your husband wear the pants or attempt to wear the pants? No, I was also the breadwinner there and ran the household he worked all the time though. So like he would go to his job and then he would go to work when he got home like he would be building something or doing something. I don't know who's always working in his garage. And so I felt really alone a lot of the time too. I could never just get the guy to relax but it also left me just taking care of everything the kids the house, you know, I would have to pay the bills, you know, we definitely did basically just work and so is super boring to me than ever and we were never sexually adventurous either like ever in fact for the entire time. I was married to him I never I came once I was married to him for nine years. Yeah never. I mean I'm not on my own and that was one of the things that I always told my now husband like I didn't even really think that I could orgasm during sex without like a vibrator or something until I started sleeping with him and turns out it's possible. So I think here's a deals like I told you You with the open marriage one, you know people had backlash people have their thoughts and yada yada yada, but the end of the day this is not their marriage. This is not their relationship and we heard from a woman who is or as much as she explained it to us. She's happy and I think yeah, it's important at the end of the day who gives a fuck if she wants to fuck someone else great. If she doesn't whatever would you say that in your life? You're happy. Absolutely. Yeah, I could stand being a millionaire. Like that would make me happier. I think but but no, I'm super content. My marriage is amazing. It has problems like everybody else is too though, and we work through those and we have little arguments and you know, I'm not very happy with you right now moments, but in general we're very happy we couldn't ask for more and you know, we try to remind ourselves of that every day and you know, this really works for us. And we really think this kind of thing would work for a lot of people if they gave it a shot again. It's not for everybody. It just isn't there is so many Dynamics here and certainly even BDSM not for everybody and I think people should be open-minded and try things but you know, you got to you got to do what's right for you. If more people would just let other people do what Right for them. We probably would be happier place. I don't think that my actions affect anybody else's life in any way and so it shouldn't bother them. I think that's exactly the point. And the thing that I want to get across to people is here's the deal the point of the podcast is to expose you to things to maybe get you two better not understand things into the way of like, oh, this is probably something we're going to do but just to better understand people and And what it is that they go through and the things that they do and here a perspective that we normally would never get to hear. But at the end of the day people are happy. Absolutely. I think that that is all that should matter really And I hope you're happy. Oh my God, people are gonna let me know that I'm immature and then they hate when I do stuff like that. That's okay so good. It's March. It's my birthday month. I can do whatever I want. And since we're talking about sex and turn-ons. I did a little bit of research. H and I googled the top sexual fetishes and I found this article on scoop whoop, which sounds insanely credible and this is the top 15 sexual fetishes. so number one on the list is fetishism, which is when you're sexually aroused by something that's been in physical contact with the desired person from their close to their phones any and every object can turn you on so I can imagine like a Big ol mishap fart stain in the underwear like sniffing that jerking off, you know kind of along those lines. Oh number two. I don't think I can say this but it's cat toe trone Ophelia, which is a very fancy word for saying having sex in front of a mirror is what really truly turns you on. That's not really for me. Just today. I was looking at myself on a side view. I definitely don't want to see that having sex. Number three on the list is again. I don't think I can say this and a little leg Nia and it says this one is super super common in this case. A man is only attracted to older women and can never be attracted to someone his own age. Okay, not me. But I can see that I wonder like how old like the saghir the boobs the better or is it just like MILF status? Like whoa, what exactly is the age we're talking about here. Number four trike Ophelia playing with hair smelling hair or simply staring at someone's hair. This is when there's a sexual arousal due to the person's hair. That's weird. Like I understand being like attracted to hair or liking certain hair on a person but like I feel like for this it means like looking at someone's hair and jerking The Turk to that, you know. Number five is probably my least favorite one so far Ms. Mole agnya. This is the sexual arousal that occurs as a result of being tickled. Yes, tickled by anyone and everyone know I don't want to fucking be tickled. That sounds absolutely terrible number six voyeurism. Some people get aroused looking at other people having sex in real life. This is the name for that fetish. This article is written absolutely terribly. I mean, I that one sounds the Wii the Wii the least weird of the ones that I've heard so far seven picked Ophelia, basically if Your mode of sexual arousal is watching porn or looking at pornographic images. This is the name of your fetish. Naturally. This is way way too common. Okay, eight Stigmata philia. This is when you get sexually aroused looking at someone's piercings or tattoos. It could be on any body part and doesn't have to necessarily be on body parts conventionally convention. conventionally considered sexy I'm not really into piercings. Oh God number nine Nazo Lingus for those with this fetish increased sexual arousal and pleasure comes out of sucking out of someone's nose. Isn't there like that thing that you get for your babies to like suck boogers out of their nose. This is somebody's turn on in life is like a no. No, I just want to suck on that big ol schnoz. Oh my God, uh, gross 10 necrophilia as morbid as it sounds this is the attraction to corpses IE dead bodies. What do you think happened in somebody's life? two make them want to have sex with dead people. If you're listening and you have necrophilia, I would love to have you on the podcast reach out to me at beyond the secret podcast at gmail.com 11. Pot Ophelia poto philia commonly known as foot fetish. This is the fetish of getting sexual pleasure and arousal out of sucking nibbling licking touching and or caressing someone's feet. No. No, thank you psycrow. Philia quite common during Winters. This is the sexual arousal to feeling cold or sometimes looking at other people who are feeling cold. That makes no sense. What this is supposed to be the top 15 like sexual fetishes. 13 Euro philia sexual arousal to urine those with this fetish either like peeing on others or enjoy others Partners, peeing on them alternatively having sex in a tub full of pee is another option. Oh God put me down as a no for your Ophelia. I'd rather be having sex in the snow then this one. I go mode to philia that wasn't even close. This is the fetish of getting sexual arousal from mannequins statues and or dolls. What the fuck like how is that how is that a thing and then number 15? I don't know if these men in order swinging it's a scenario where a consenting married couple indulges in sex with another consenting couple or individual. Okay. Well that I mean when swinging just becomes the most common one, I mean Jesus criminy. If you're into porn, I am going to be dissecting giving kind of a little play-by-play on some different fetish porn videos on patreon. You can't you can't hear that here big boy. I'm going to be doing that on patreon so you can look out for that. Otherwise, that's it guys. Thanks for listening. Thanks for listening. If you listen all the way to the end of the episode, I appreciate you you are my people and I love you so thank you for listening I will see all of you next week everybody has a secret