Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on Spotify.On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center. They would remain in storage in definitely in 1997 an engineer who worked on the Apollo 11 Mission decided it was finally time to dust off those tapes, except they were nowhere to be found. It was as if all of the original recordings had vanished into space. Welcome to gone bites a par cast original every other Monday will examine an abbreviated mysterious disappearance and the theories they spawned these special short episodes are only available on Spotify this week. We're covering the Lost Tapes from the Apollo 11 Mission original recordings sent directly from Apollo's lunar camera. We're supposed to go into storage. but instead the historic footage disappeared Without a Trace Of all the nights for a thunderstorm and a power outage. This was by far the worst it was July 16th 1969 when 44 year-old Stanley bar and his family rushed over to a neighbor's house to witness the most important broadcast in American history. The group huddled in front of the television and watched as Neil Armstrong opened the door of the lunar module and took man's very first steps on the surface of the Moon before the rooms. Very eyes a new era of space exploration was unfolding the potential of the country of human civilization. Suddenly seemed Limitless everyone in the room from a lab ours elderly mother to his three young children were Bob smacked by the footage on screen everyone in the United States was completely transfixed everyone that is except for Stan the bar. He remained planted in his chair with his heart in his stomach. Something was wrong was the footage. It was grainy too. Dark Neil Armstrong was nothing more than a dark shape bobbing Over the Sea of Tranquility for LaBarre the man who As the production of the Apollo 11s camera, the presentation of humankind's greatest achievement looked like a complete failure for five years LaBarre had been waiting for this very moment. He believed he had done everything right the camera withstood pressure up to eight times the force of gravity it Brave drastic temperature change from 250 to negative 150 degrees Fahrenheit, and it's still managed to deliver a signal. 240,000 miles back to Earth it was an incredible achievement in engineering yet. LeBar couldn't get over the terrible quality of the footage especially because the blurry screen was due to the fact that NASA insisted on airing the moon landing live essentially the original transmission sent from Le bars camera to the three recording stations one in California and to an Australia was a Still clear picture those stations then recorded those high-quality images onto one inch tapes, but in order to air it live, they needed to convert the footage from ten frames to 30 frames per second, which they did by retransmitting the footage to the manned space flight Center in Houston once converted it was sent out to networks for broadcast. But by then it was a blurred mess. So while the rest rest of the world watched on with Wonder unfazed by the poor quality LaBarre was grief-stricken. In fact, he later said in one interview posterity deserves more than that the tapes that held the clear original transmission from the bars camera were packed up and sent off to storage at the Washington National records Center or wnr see only a month or so after the event so all Lost yet and Le bar is hard work did not go overlooked in 1970 Le bars employer Westinghouse won an Emmy for Outstanding achievement in coverage of a special event. Stan LaBarre was the one to accept the award on stage. So decades went by and lebara had nearly forgotten about the original high-quality tapes that is until 35 years after the moon landing in And for LaBarre returned to Australia for Westinghouse reunions, it was there that lebara struck up a conversation with a former colleague. The two of them started to wonder what had happened to those clear quality tapes if they could locate them now perhaps they could share that high quality footage with the rest of the world after all how hard could it be they knew the tapes had left the recording stations and gone to the W NR C via the Goddard space. Space flight center for storage by all intents and purposes. This is where they should have remained what they didn't know was that they'd be going on a wild goose chase one that offered more questions than it did answers. Up next stand the bars twisting hunt for proof of his own life's work now back to the story. In 2004 35 years after the moon landing Stanley bar was reminded of the high quality footage his camera captured during the moon landing. He was convinced that the tapes of the original transmission were buried in government archives and now it was time to share them with the world. He began his search in The Goddard space flight center a stopover for the tapes before they were moved to their permanent location at the You NRC but after nearly a year of searching LaBarre found nothing the Apollo 11 tapes were not listed in any of their records LaBarre was confused and frustrated. How could the Journey of some of the most important tapes in American history not be documented. It was unprofessional bizarre even to lose such a record would be a disastrously Mindless error, but if He was hoping for an answer from NASA. He was going to be disappointed the organization had not so much as mentioned the tapes after presumably locking them in storage in 1969 by the end of 2005 LaBarre had come up with a new plan. He was reminded that the standard size storage boxes for the Washington National records Center were far too small to contain the Apollo 11 film in their canisters. So January of 2006 LaBarre made a trip to the W NRC and began to explore the oversized Stacks hoping to uncover the missing footage. But when he arrived, he was massively overwhelmed there were hundreds upon hundreds of boxes towering three times over his height each box contain dozens of tapes files folders and other government information that was Often indiscernible by Markings once again their lack of organization baffled LeBar but it didn't stop him after days of endlessly pawing through box after box LaBarre discovered one over sized container that appeared to have what he was looking for but only tapes of the Apollo 9 Mission were inside after nearly two years of searching from The Goddard space flight center to the wnr see the Apollo 11 tapes. We're still nowhere to be found after an interview with NPR in July of 2006 Le bars hunt for the missing tapes spread like wildfire hundreds of leads began to pour in but every one of them led to a dead end immediately afterwards NASA claim to begin their own search, which the public seemed to think was Preposterous. Why did NASA need to search for one of Most important records of all time. It didn't help that conspiracy theories on the moon landing had made headlines only months after the July 1969 event. Some people believe that the moon landing was recorded in a studio performed as a hoax in an effort to beat the Soviets in the race to the moon NASA did little to dissuade these rumors from the time the bars search went public the organization remained eerily quiet about the the whole thing that is until 2009 when NASA gave a statement about what they believed happened to the tapes. They claimed that back in the 1970s. Most Magnetic Tape containers were withdrawn permanently after the Magnetic Tape industry started making low quality short-lived products, essentially NASA like the old tapes better. So they just reused what they had any tapes dated before the 1970s. We're likely recorded over meaning NASA believed that they had recorded over Man's first steps on the moon. It seemed for a time as though The Saga of the high quality recording of the moon landing had come to an anti climactic end. But then in July of 2019 three reels of tape made their way into the media Spotlight when they sold for 1.8 two million dollars at a Sotheby's auction in New York. These tapes were part of a large collection acquired by former NASA intern Gary George back in 1976. George bought the tape said a government surplus auction for the mere price of two hundred and eighteen dollars or what would be just under $1,000 today the incredible price. Once again drummed up speculation was this the original high quality footage of the moon landing were the last Apollo 11 tapes safely. Just collecting dust in George's Garage while the rest of the world was out frantically searching. Was it possible that NASA didn't record over the tapes after all unfortunately for Stan LaBarre. The answer was no The tapes George sold at auction were recorded on 2 inch wheels while the ones LeBar was looking for were recorded on 1 inch wheels NASA also confirmed that George's tapes were actually from the center in Houston the center responsible for converting the original footage before it was ready to broadcast. So alas their predecessors were still at large. Unfortunately the most likely scenario, is that those tapes We're neglectfully erased by a few NASA staff members, which would make it one of the greatest clerical errors in the nation's history as far as never-before-seen footage from the moon landing NASA's Richard nafzger insist that America got to witness every single detail captured by the camera on July 16th 1969. There wasn't anything on those tapes. That hadn't been put on the air. So yes, perhaps the entire thing was just an embarrassing oversight for the Space Administration who didn't want to risk future funding by admitting this careless mistake, but in the end lebara search wasn't done in vain the attention he brought to the missing tapes persuaded CBS to restore and enhance the footage of the original live broadcast Sola bars objective to obtain a high quality version of the Apollo. 11 moon landing can be considered a mission complete. Thanks again for tuning into Gan will be back next week with a full-length episode. You can find more episodes of gone and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify and remember just because it's gone doesn't mean it can't be found. Gone was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Michael Langston ER with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of Gahan was written by Lori Gottlieb with writing assistance by Maggie admire and stars Molly Brandenburg and Richard Rosner.