Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership.Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went through and he's got some good stuff that's happening. Welcome back wash of Walk-Ons fans through another episode. Of the podcast is the number 96 and we're joined today again by another one of our teammates former teammates guy that we all have enough respect for that. We call him father. I don't really know how else to describe this guy. He just kind of feels like the father of our whole recruiting class. He was just kind of like, I don't know one of the one of the staple figures in the family and it's Be a pleasure to have a conversation with them Sean. Welcome on man. Hey, thank you for having me. It's a big honor, you know, as we were talking a little bit earlier about you know podcast I listen to you guys pretty much weekly religiously during the week during the season. So so, you know, when I whenever I miss a game it's how I stay, you know up to date but I thought it's a good way to stay up to date. Yeah, Daddy Welsh. That's what I that's I Sean daddy. That's what I call him. And I don't know why it is the way it is and I'm glad you brought that up Drake. For some reason. I mean in the locker room, there's a way you greeted every guy every guy had a way to greet another guy. And for most people if definitely for me Sean walks through the door and I was it was Daddy Welsh what's up, and I don't know. Why where did it start. Sean had to be Ike right? Yeah. Is so I you know one thing I noticed with I guess he's got the is really creative with his like his vocabulary. Like he just he comes up with stuff nicknames or what its sting. Yeah, and it sticks. Well interesting thing is so my dad he he was he played rugby in college. I mean and his nickname, I think I remember my mom telling me was Grandpa. It might be something I get for him. I'm one, you know. Step down on you. Just literally look just looking at you right here on the camera. You know the polo shirt you go. Nice with a nice blond hair. You just look like the Great American father and that's just kind of your daddy your Sean Daddy. I don't know. You know what I try to run out, you know clean show here, you know, just we don't I in tight. Yeah. So man, you're right about that some about Ike bunker just the way he's just he's funny man. And just a polar right? Like he the way he says things it just it just sticks when he started saying Elite everyone started saying you'll eat stallion. Everyone was at now a stallion like whatever. He said I just went with he was just one of those guys. He's a he's a great guy. And yeah, he's I mean, he's a trend center with like, you know, I for sure the five over there like there was like there'd be one word that be going around the La Creme which somebody would be saying it's just a new word for something or yeah, it always seemed like he was kind of the trend Setter there talk about you guys coming in together and your relationship with him being able to go through five years half a decade with was the same guy and in the same position group the same meeting room and and what Ike kind of helped you out with and in the relationship you guys had what was that? Like? Yeah. I mean the thing like, you know, another thing about ice like and I think it's one thing I noticed when I first came to I was how just like over-the-top kind and nice folks are but and I really kind of embodied that it's a really kind guy. He's always, you know, bringing other folks along. You know no matter what the situation is, you know, he so yeah five years together and you share, you know, you share a lot you share successes you share hardships, you know those games simulators when you're a big fella, how about the stations and 60s when you're a big fella? No, they're not they're not ideal. But you know, what if it once you get a little you know, No later, you find out what those 60s that you just got it. You know, there's a there's a technique there's a cyst. There's a huge technique to it. There's a system. It's that's a little things like, you know that you share together what you know, they're great. And yeah. No, I'm so happy to you know, see him and Katie, you know their grades or you know, just they're growing up and making me feel like, you know, I got to get this Smooth I mean my guy Ike is within minutes minutes popping out a kid man. It's he he has this a little stallion absolutely cooking it in the oven. The oven is got steam coming out of it. They yeah that mean at this point the oven is basically turned off and they're just waiting to pull it out. Like it's like it's Christmas dinner and not quite the whole family hasn't arrived yet and then when they do dinner, sir, Served yeah, you know, I think if anything except we don't condone eating babies that many kids though. Yeah, I think if anybody's like qualified to be a dad, it's him. I mean just imagine having Ike as your father. I can't I can't because having Ike is my friend is awesome. But like having him as my dad. I'm like, that'd be insane like is the kind of dad who? When you like when his kid because he's having a boy, right? Yeah. Yeah, when his kid grows up and like fucks up his kid is gonna feel so bad for letting Ike down curl at that and that's really that's the way it is. Um, he's going to be the cool dad for sure for sure a hundred percent. Katie's gonna have to be the the mean one of the two and you have to because if somebody doesn't keep them straight and Ike is I'll know he's so lovable man. Yeah. Us but five years with like that's it definitely it's so fun to get somebody in in on the podcast. You know, we've had a lot of guests recently some around our age somewhere older younger you were in our class and to have someone who ran the gamut with us front to front to back and know the exact everything that happened during our years is fun. Take us back to 2011-2012 high school Sean Welsh and in Ohio, where where was your mind at as a high school football player? And what was the goals? What was kind of going on with with Sean back then? And how did how did the Hawkeyes come onto your radar? Yeah. So yeah, I'll take it back a little bit. So, you know, I grew up in Southwestern Ohio. Just south of Dayton kind of near Dayton, Cincinnati. There and you know, Ohio is football is just you know, it's a huge thing there. It's part of you know, especially High School football. The Buckeyes are huge but High School football is just really a big thing. I don't want it has been for for a really long time and for me, you know, I grew up huge Ohio State fans, you know, I remember I think my first game was too. Thousand to their they beat Michigan to go to the Fiesta Bowl and I remember they're they're like, it was one of those the last one of the last year's they're letting people like tear down the goalposts. Oh boy. Yeah jealous. I would have loved to have been a part of tearing down a goal post. Oh my gosh, it looks like and what they would do. Yeah, they would take it. They would carry it down and then throwing the capital I think they would they'd walk it down High Street and they throw it on the front lawn of the Capitol building that's insane used to be In addition there, but you imagine if they allowed us to take the goal post that a kinnock how Rowdy some of those winds would have gotten. Oh boy. Now, they were Rowdy enough as is and say I know they were getting we we don't be throwing midgets to the goalposts at Summit. Yeah, it's we I mean some of those yeah those Winds of moves and when they would rush the field man, it was like claustrophobic man. I mean, yeah, I wouldn't be able to Talk for days, but no. Yeah it grew up a huge Buckeye fan really only knew of the Hawkeyes when they would play, Ohio and you know get into high school and things start kind of progressing for me. I started going to camps at a lot of Mac school. So you're you know, like a Bowling Green or Ohio state would have big camp and all the max schools would run it so you would have the coaches there and The Mac is its division one, but it's where a lot of guys if they want at least in Ohio at that time. When I was there they want to kind of get things rolling to get up to the next level you start with the Mac offer you get that first Mac offer and things kind of get rolling for them and I got my first offer from Bowling Green that was real, you know, huge relief for me a huge kind of put in a lot of work getting, you know ready for those camps and a lot of traveling She would go up to Michigan State all over the place. I mean all over the Midwest but got that first offer and things started rolling a couple other Mac offers rolled in and I don't even remember what my ranking was do they still do stars like for? Oh, yeah. So yeah, so I was either like a two or three star. I mean nothing spectacular a little Stumpy guy from Southern Ohio. That's a great song. So on that point, yes heart don't have stars. First of all Shawn and we're making a T-shirt. And now that you say that we got to get you a heart don't have stars to get you one. They're on the way. But what was I about to say Brian ferrets used to always talk about he would point out in meetings. You see this guy is like this is probably the best offensive lineman in the Big Ten. He's like he'll never win any fucking her he'll never win any awards isn't the fucking midget but you this guy You can you you're glad to have this guy pulling in front of you on power. So count your blessings. He had a spiel about how you were a fucking midget, but you were a good midget. You know what I just I tried to do my best. Yeah, whatever a little guy can do and bring to the table, you know, he does his best. But yeah. Yeah, it's yeah, I was I was really fortunate to have a lot of opportunities thrown my way and I think I remember At the time I had a couple bigger offers, but they were kind of far away. So remember like Miami, Florida, I remember who else I think like Air Force came in I said it funny how now you think back and it doesn't even matter who offered you in it such a big deal with such it was your whole life. It was everything it was everything. I mean, I remember the first I remember so my high school coach The head Ouch and a Springboro, he would get the mail for kind of you know, that the players that were getting recruited. They don't lose mailbox and through ever. My first letter came in it was for Morgan it was it and it was just kind of like a pronoun of thing that they sent probably every review no guy that they that was even remotely in the you know on the recruiting circuit or whatever. But you know, I remember taking my buddy Andrew he flipped out. He flipped the shit. He's like, oh my God. Is organized like ya know it looking back. It's not a huge deal. But at the time it it feels like it man. It feels like the Earth is splitting in front of you. Yeah, she's powerful you get that first letter like fuck it. I'm going to Oregon baby. Yeah Chuck. Yeah you seriously do man that you're naive to like the whole process and everything. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, it's that whole, you know site that the saying, you know hindsight being 20 and so yeah, you know now what you didn't know then yep, and you know, I remember, you know, I at the time I think it was my junior year when coach ferns can't Brian came to we had to work out of so, I think it was the spring of my junior year and might have been my sophomore. I can't remember but he stopped by kind of last second. So we had kind of had like a skills and drills thing we were doing. And he wanted to see me kind of hit a hand shield and you know my heart she had all that and you know, he was very, you know be you know, how price is really good great. Poker face not here not able to tell one way or another what he's thinking. Sometimes you don't know. Well, you don't know if you didn't and I was like, oh, you know did my best, you know, we'll see you know what you hear and I'm not exactly sure when they Opt for came in but yeah, it was getting to a point where I was really trying to decide if I wanted to hold out and wait for now Ohio State because I had they had at the time I think it was Luke fickle and his staff there which was kind of a lot of no Kevin. What's going on war daddy? How'd you hit him today? First two holes are pretty rough. But after that not bad dude, I so I I was out today too. I played like dog shit. I was terrible. Oh man. Yeah, but I shot I shot a 46 but I was +6 through the first two holes. No, you know plus 4 is not good Kev. I'm sorry. It's rough start. But you know the next seven holes. I was plus 4 so yeah, that's yeah, there we go. Yeah, man. Anyway, we're in the middle of first of all, thank you for inner like bringing in Shauna's War Daddy. Because we already went through how everyone calls him some form of dad. And then yeah, he's dad and then we're now right as he got offered by the Hawks cool story exciting start. Yeah. Now it was so I remember taking a visit out. I came out with Brant Branch Russell. Yeah, we've told the legendary story dude. It's we've gone through that 100 which Which one the eggs, the eggs are legendary? Yeah, that was a we all have our moments I guess but no II came out with him. We watched we actually watch the game. I think it was. Yeah, it was Penn State. It was 2012 or 2013 is 2012 would have been 2012 and it was a bad game. Yeah, so sheriff and an out both went down for serious injuries. I mean, they they were not doing they just I mean Like back-to-back place to I remember me as sheriff or broken leg buddies. We had very similar injuries. Yeah. No it was it was a rough night for the Hawks and it was I mean, it was an awesome thing. I mean they had the full, you know fireworks. I think it was the last night game they had for a while, but I really fell in love with the place. I mean the the day before we you know, kind of walked around Iowa City checked out the campus and we kind of you know, you know how those things are with recruits. You spent a little time with the coaching staff sometimes or you just get to meet a lot of people and I got the metal got to meet a lot of people around the complex at Iowa. No, I I think the one reason why I chose Iowa over anywhere else was the people not just you know, the the people that were part of the organization, but also just the people in general like I was talking about it earlier, but some of the friendliest people I've ever met Not to say folks in Ohio aren't friendly but it's like you can tell a difference. When you you're an Iowa City. Just the way people are and I really fell in love the program. I thought it was they really focus on doing things right and it's not just all about football. It's about teaching guys how to become a you know, really naughty just a functioning member of society, but someone that who can really succeed Seed and do well if they follow, you know code of ethics and principles and they stick to it. So yeah. No I went with them and never regret decision you that so then you committed pretty soon after you got that offer or so. Yeah. I got I can't remember the exact timeline. I want to say I got the offer maybe the latter part of my sophomore year. No, I committed before my senior season. Okay, and it was it was either. Yeah, the spring of my junior season. I can't remember how many months or care what the exact timeline will be an honest. How bad did you want to go to Ohio State though? Dude? I was I was killing for it. And the thing is I can't tell you how glad I am that I did and I didn't get that opportunity because like like you're kind of talking about it earlier like, you know, I had I was very fortunate to have some of the success I did but that only would have happened at Iowa like any other program if I would have gone to a program like Ohio State. Yeah. I don't want to sell myself short but odds are with the talent in the size that a program like that brings in. You know, I probably wouldn't have been top of the depth chart. Right and if they were bigger guys and more talented guys to me Iowa, but just from the sheer fact that I was a developmental program and they put time into guys, you know, really kind of developing them over that for five years that help. Yeah. That's why I went to Iowa instead of Ohio State to same, you know, Sean you mentioned the developmental side of Iowa and obviously I mean we're known for it. Everybody knows that and I it is crazy because you by the time we were seniors, you know, like Brian said in Drake's little story there, you know, you were one of the best lineman in the Big Ten, it's just crazy how you take one path or another and maybe you don't even get an opportunity at a school like Ohio State and in that whole thing never kind of Foster's into a into reality. That being said you're still pretty I wanted I would say probably one of our hire talented guys coming in more College ready than definitely at most one of the most college ready. And so now we get into and you can talk a little bit about the time leading up. It's up to this, but we had one year to kind of red shirt, but even in that red shirt season. There was a few guys that got to travel on the roster and I think you remember our first experience. I was I was gonna say, I don't remember if it's stuck what I want to hear your side of the story. So so so for you it was greater for me. It was Van slogan float. Yeah. I for the guys that kind of, you know, they were in charge of kind of helping the young guys, you know figure Out and I remember Brett telling me I just make sure you're early, you know, just make sure your early to the meetings the dinners make sure you know, you don't show up right on time because by that time we've already started this was our this was our first travel to Iowa State in 2013. That's right. And you know, I can't remember specifically if he told me 15 minutes. He probably did and I just didn't listen I say I will be fine. I mean, we're early anyway. Way, yep, we're we so we take the bus out to Ames and we're groovin I are rooming together for our first game traveling which by the way who fucking set that one up. All right who put the two true freshman together who have never traveled before who? Yeah, I mean someone fucked up. But anyway, they had you know, that that isn't that is a screw-up you're supposed to be fair to be fair. No starter wants to deal with, you know having to make sure The Freshman doesn't you know like shit his pants as first time to get out of stuff you want to worry about you know, I you know what and I totally understand that I would have liked to have had an older guy who kind of either ropes and not to say that you were bad. No, I was I'm right there with you. Yeah. No, we just we weren't exactly sure like we didn't understand the like the gravity of you know, and the importance of Being promptness at the very least like 15 minutes early. And is that there and twiddle your thumbs for no reason but you have to do it. You have to be in that room in the Silence with your thumb up your ass super early. Well in you're just like, you know, you're sitting there and you're hoping that somebody isn't going to show up late because if the game doesn't go well It's going to be brought up and it's going to be it's just like yeah, it's funny. But so yeah clue and I we go we go downstairs and gosh who who who is the guy? I don't know if it was Sheriff. It was it was somebody who's with who traveled with the team. It was it was it was the old cop that used to be with. Is that who you're talking about? Yeah. Yeah, and he's sitting in the hallway and we're walking like, you know don't have a care in the world and we're walking to where the you know serving dinner and he's like you guys better hurry and well first of all, it was like that's not a good feeling right there first. First of all, I was like, there's not a lot of guys or any guys walking with us right now. There's nobody out. There is also not a good feeling. see anybody in the hallway didn't see anybody in the elevator didn't see anybody in the lobby and the other guys don't let you guys better get moving and get up to the we're the doors closed kluever. They were they were like being closed. Yeah. Yeah, they bother the so they're getting ready to pray and I have the just like the fleeting hope that all right, they're gonna bother hanging right now. Nobody can say that. They will know the difference. We're here. And of course, you know, we're we got The Scarlet Letter of being last fed picked this last to go up to get get food and just sat there feeling absolutely miserable. And I don't know I slow didn't he didn't chew me out or anything. I remember you saying something like Kreider got after you Casey got after it. Now slow is just like yeah. I told you man, you got to be early and I wish I would have got that you know, what in the at the end of the day. I thought it was a great lesson. It really reinforced not like it. I'm glad it happened because it I don't think for the rest of my entire career. They're playing career that I ever was late for anything. Yeah, it was it was so that happened and like you said, you know the table dies with the with the individual. That fucked up. So the ship. Yeah the ship the specialist table and one of the old line tables were the last two to go eat. So everyone's pissed not only because you fucked up but because you're the last one through the food line and you just have to sit there like this boot and it's just like oh God, so we got we got done with dinner and that was that was the night the next morning for when Really was like the next time that we had to be there on time for something was like the meeting owed the offensive defensive meetings before you go into the you meet and we all come together for the video. Casey had me there. Hmm 30 minutes early. No. No, I was right down there. Yeah, it's super early and I think you know, I remember just being super like being one of the first that it was it's like touching like the touching the stove when you're a kid. Like yep, yeah, you learn that lesson and it's it's ingrained into it was a super it was a great. You're right. I'm sorry. You said it perfectly I'm glad it happened because it was a perfect situation and kind of scenario where you and I didn't have a lot to to worry about that game. So it was just kind of this example and lesson learned of hey when we travel this is how fucking serious things are now. It's funny that slope was Sean's Mentor because slope was the original dad and it just like past right along through. You know, anybody's a are percent dude. Like I remember slow would like be in the complex on Sunday mornings, like before we watch films like reading the newspaper. Yeah. I've never seen a more grown college player ever. So I've also never seen someone get so pissed about random just little pieces of trash in the in the Complex. Yeah, the amount of frickin and didn't cuss Frick. Yeah. Now that was that was a that was a slow. It was one of my favorites guys character super hard work. He's another one of those guys where he certainly had this size. But you know, he had the opportunity to come to Iowa and they were able to you know, but you know, he was he was able to be a starter. I've never seen someone sweat. So much through a roll out dude. He was waiting with her would come in on Sunday roll out. We're just get we're just you know, little little glute little hammy flip it over a little so as and by the time we got to so as this dude was a puddle. I mean, I remember one time we had a walkthrough on a Sunday and I was I was one of the defensive dummies when they were kind of going over misplays or whatever and Maize and I accidentally stepped on his foot. I was wearing my cleats and freaking idiot. Just punch me in the chest nearly stopped my heart another lesson. Well learned don't step on sloat's feet. So we'll speed it along here because we're we got caught up on some funny stories of the first year that first year great Learning lesson a bunch of other scenarios. I'm sure we're well you kind of got shown the ropes as far as our class goes kind of along the same. Name storyline of you getting to travel early. There's a few people that year that got the kind of travel and and got to see how it worked. Desmond got put in right away meerkat you me and LaShawn is like those five guys who got to travel we actually went to over it. What Reggie? Oh, yeah. Oh Reggie. We actually got to go to the Horseshoe that year. Yeah. How was how was that for you? You so a bit of a bummer. So we were talking about all that Ohio State stuff. I so I remember it was actually it was it was Reggie. So we had a bye week. I think the week beforehand and it was the very last practice the let very last play the very last practice of that by week leading up to Ohio State week. I think you got trapped up, huh? Yeah. So Reggie hit me I was I was it was an outside. Cosplay and yeah, he hit me in a certain with my leg was like it in the ground. But I tore my Meniscus and fuck it wasn't you know what looking back? I didn't know that that was something that you could like. Just keep going out if I could have gone back. I would have just like wait until the end of the year and had it cleaned up right but I heard you know, I was told like Dad it's torn it'll need to be cleaned up. So I just got it taken care of and I was backed by gold. Prep. I think I remember but it was right before Ohio State and yeah, it was a bummer. But yeah, it was I'm from what I remember. It was a close game, right? I mean, yeah, we were actually up at halftime and then Carlos Hyde and Braxton Braxton Miller just kind of took over they were on unreal we go through that year and again same story line as far as people who got to play Early in our class. You were one of those guys that next year I think right. Your are redshirt freshman year, you are already getting time. You kind of got plopped into the lineup at some point. Maybe we left guard. So I was right next to sheriff. Yeah, how was how was that and your little was that earlier than you expected? What were your thoughts kind of taking? Yeah. So I mean, you know the great thing about like, you know, I guess playing at that Lois you got Spring ball. You got all the time in between like the last season and the next So, you know, I I had you get an idea of what that lineup is going to look like. At least I you know, from what I remember at least in Spring ball and in Camp and you know, I started playing with the ones I think my that that sophomore year. So 2014 Spring ball and was still with them in the lineup and camp and yeah, you know playing next to him. It's like, you know when there were times where you didn't even like need to do anything. You just post the guy up and Brandon, you know sends him halfway to the other sideline. No, I need that was having him as a mentor and there were a lot of guys, but I'm just being right next to me and all not just with the X's and O's and the technical stuff. Tough and the fundamentals but also the culture stuff the stuff little things you need to do. I mean I can use a huge Mentor with Ike to with just like I remember like gaining weight and putting weight on the stories of sheriff and I can gaining weight or mythical. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he's I mean, he's a great guy. He's still his but just being able to kind of pass that down to the younger guys. I believe is next to Blythe this wall. It was I think it was sure. Of me Blythe Walsh and denial. Yep, pretty sure ya and ya know it was it was a it was a bit of a rough season from what I can remember just a bit. It was I mean there were just a couple of missed opportunities and that whole came at the end was that fun. This is was that was that was the Hawks layer, right? Yeah. That's knocks. There is mad. After after the Hawks layer of a fucking bull prep to we're all Slade we were priest laid before he went into that one. Yeah you from an offensive lineman perspective. What is it like to go into the offseason? You're a big guy. You didn't have to put on weight like I hated but I wonder what the at this point especially after the Tennessee or that that bowl game knowing that that next you know, that next season that offseason was going to be probably a little bit more grind e than maybe some other ones or at least the coaches were going to be maybe more touchy as a big guy. What was it like going into some of those conditioning sessions like I was 215, but I was five. 10 so I felt like a lineman half the time. Yeah, you know, I mean Hey guys. Yep, it's me. Again. Got to interrupt the episode real quick to talk to you guys about Spotify one of the sponsors of this podcast on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. Yeah, we're on Spotify. I don't know how we did that but pretty cool other things you can do on Spotify is All your favorite podcast, so you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for wash up Walk-Ons on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us so that you never miss an episode of The Wash of Bach has it's different for everyone of course and for me You know, it was not one of my favorite parts of the game. It did conditioning ever make you want to quit. No how you know it of course in the moment. You're like, yeah, I what what am I doing? Are we doing here in the middle? We would have looked we just want to looked up down the line like hey guys. What the fuck are we? Doing all right. Yeah, but like I think it comes with kind of age. It's like you understand the importance of it like as like you hit like as you get past like your first season you start to understand and like you're actually playing like, oh, yeah, I've got to be like, you know, like yoked for this shit like okay, I got to go. I got to be able you have this 13 played rise. Where you're you know, like you're you're you're like in the 3-yard line and it's like your fifth time running it in a row your although you're you know, you're praying beforehand that it's like a play action or some shit if you're a lineman, but you've got to be able to like you understand as you get older like need that shit, but no, yeah, it's not fun. I mean the gpp that always kicked everybody's ass for me to ever get sick from Prowlers. So it's interesting. I tell people about this the interesting thing with Prowlers. I found was with other forms of conditioning and like just when we would go after it when people would get sick it would be oftenly it would be immediate it be right there say it's against game simulator and he's a throw-up. He just, you know, does it and it keeps going with Prowlers. It was like, sometimes it would be in the middle of it. Sometimes it would be After sometimes there'd be like a time delay on it. There's definitely a time delay dude, once your heart rate settles, sometimes it is. Sometimes it almost happened before we're just seeing Society thinking about it. There was one time where it was in the old complex. So would have been either 2014 or 2013. I think it was 2014 that we did Prowlers and it was her first time I think doing like the full way not the Freshman weight and did the Prowlers like got we got done and there's a feeling after you get done with properties that your legs are like, you're like you're wobbling and not your legs anymore. Everything's kind of getting dark. You're Steve. Yeah it you're just like, all right, you're they're calling it up. Like can we just like, you know move things like I need to like just like sit down and water. But anyway, like You know, they call it up with you know, we head back and get you know, I get, you know, take a shower get all ready get ready for class. It was about like, you know, I'd say half an hour or 45 minutes after we had finished the Prowlers and I feel completely fine. Like that's the funny things. Like I felt completely fine coming back and I'm not nauseous at all fine taking the shower find getting dressed. But as soon as like I go too. Like head out of the locker room just projectile like exact into the trash can on my way out just like out of nowhere just like that like your body was like hey, by the way, we forgot to do this, but you got to throw up everything you have. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. No, probably. I made a solemn vow. Once like I was done. I'm never touching a Prowler again I ever again. I don't want my progeny my children their children. To ever touch a brown. We took different routes because I literally push one on Friday. I was thinking in the moment. I was thinking the same shit though for me it was different because y'all had to actually be conditioned for what you did the conditioning for the specialist was just your part of this so you have to be a part of this too. And so I learned real what's up Kev clue. We already hated you enough for doing nothing during practice and not having to go to meeting wasn't what did y'all really just want to skimp on Ski-Doo conditioning to well. Okay, but here's what I'm saying is like like Sean was talking about you realize I need this shit like as a linebacker alignment like I need this shit when I'm in a 13 play drive. I'm going to need this condition what this is doing for me. I'm going to need it. So that's a motivation while you're doing it for a specialist. It's tough because in the middle of the fucking 9th rep of cut 85s. I'm like in a set of 12. I'm sitting there like I don't get nine plays in a game. Why the fuck have I run? 700 yards right now. I like this is doing nothing for me. So the motivation isn't there so it very quickly becomes a this is just for mental toughness and like a discipline hardening exercise more than it is. I actually need what it's benefiting me physically. Yeah, but like, you know, I think like I don't know I I respected so like everybody knows that like, you know specialists. I'm just get it like just a wrap for not like, you know having to go through like the shit like the contact and all that. Yeah all the time. You let him know ya know and like you guys watch like fucking Shark Week while we're getting our asses chewed out. It's always in Camp and but like there's when you're lucky Olympics is on during yeah. Yeah, but like you guys I mean the fact that you go through those games simulators and did all that stuff. It's like, all right, you know, they're not you know. Right, they're still part of the tribe. That's where you they're still there still a part of it. That's where I gave it to him. They definitely worked pretty hard like Marshall dominated work out my gosh dominating he was a he was a monster. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I mean I have the change of Direction record. Yeah. So we move on Shawn and you're into You so your you started your sophomore year second year third year, you've already got one of these big 10 championship in a Rose Bowl. Yeah. I mean you don't we go through 2015 and you can talk about, you know, your favorite parts of of that season as well, but kind of go through the rest of your time as a starter at Iowa and in general, you know all just okay. Yeah. No, so yeah 2015 was a really kind of Year, I mean it was really here A year of like highs and lows 2015 spring then I took off, you know, I wrote that article about my struggles of mental health and I actually I remember listening to that that episode you guys kind of talked about mental off a little bit. You know, it's something that it's not easy for a lot of guys to talk about and I really want to just commend you guys for using platform you guys have You know what? So I I worked like Kevin, you know, I kind of work in healthcare a little bit. I mean, I by no means, you know an expert or professional but it's it's it's it's really interesting. You know, I think of all the problems that could be solved if our society our government our culture just made it more priority and maybe kind of I don't know. Put more time and resources into understanding the effects of mental health negative or positive. Now, you see it on the news a lot, you know the effects of it for better for worse. It guides our actions every day, but it's something that I'm passionate about. It's something that I know a lot of people struggle with and you know, even if it's you know, something like, you know, you guys brought up After playing its there's certain moments in life that it's mention the face. You're not really sure no amount of I guess, you know training or you know, what you've might have done in the past. You're not really sure how to combat it. You know, the important thing is to find what works for you for me. It's different. But you know for me at the time, I wasn't really sure how to really kind of talk about it or grow three I up to that point. I never thought I had heard a depression. I had heard of anxiety and he talked about you know that I remember starting my sophomore year quite a few games and I had a lot going for me is on top of the world forever. Every logical reason that you know, I could think of I had no reason to be depressed. I never saw myself as a person that would be that person but then you know over time and a lot of education and a lot of talking about it start to understand its it doesn't really discriminate can affect a lot of people be biological could be situational it could be Mama that causes it for a lot of people for some people could be transitioned so it could be, you know, being you know done with you know football. It's like nobody hands you a guide for that. I don't know. I've been nice though when it yeah, no fucking nice. Yeah, it's a we know we dealt with our problems by creating a podcast along with a multitude of other. And bad ways. Yeah. You know what? I like how you brought up like, you know how it seems like on the outside, you know yet everything going for you because I think there's something many people on the outside don't fully understand, you know, they view us, you know big time Big Ten college football players, you know larger and life everything going for them. You know, what what could possibly be wrong in their lives? And you know, I think we mentioned it to like, you know back when I was going through my state my battle with Crashing, you know, it's like I have like everything going for me in my life. What do I have to be depressed about and that almost like, you know, made it even harder to deal with. Yeah. I don't know. Where would you feel guilty? You're like you feel guilty for feeling bad about yourself. You really do ya know it. That's the amount of times I brought that up when I talk about it to somebody. It's like It makes you feel not ungrateful. I may be ungrateful. It's not the right word, but it's like At the time I know so many other guys that what they would give to be in my spot. Yeah, here I am. Just not feeling great not you know, and I have so much to be grateful for how could I not feel right or feel good about it? So I totally empathize with that. I mean it's say, you know, I think it's not easy, you know, and it's not easy for folks to talk about I want to go back real quick Shawn. I don't mean to Up to you but you mentioned that that that spring is when you took a break and none of us knew and didn't really we didn't need to know. Yeah, no, no one on the team like really got a flux machine okf mentioned something to the team but no one end and I don't like we don't have to get too far into it. But from at least looking back now, it seemed like the coaches handled it fairly well and I think our team handled it fairly well liked. We just kind of knew like something was wrong. And then you were going to deal with it. And when you came back, we were ready to accept you with open arms and like talk about that and I if I'm not mistaken, you took another two week break at some point as well. Yeah, so, you know, it kind of goes back to the reason why I went to Iowa why I chose Iowa was the people Brian ference coach Kirk Ferentz Coach Doyle that between the three of them. They really kind of helped me navigate that time they gave me they were they were really flexible and letting me kind of take that time to figure out what I need to figure out and they helped integrate me back in I can't remember how long it was, but I had come in and lift when you know, you guys are practicing and You know that that time, you know, it was great too. But it also you know offered its own kind of I guess challenges as well. I mean I've lived with a few teammates and you know, they would be its Preamble and they'd be working their asses off and here I'd be at home still on scholarship. So, you know getting a stipend every month getting my college paid for and these guys are out. Busting their ass and here I am so that that was a thought that kind of ran through my mind a lot. But I'm grateful that I was given the opportunity to sort it out. I came back towards the beginning of Summer. I think I started right back with the summer. Yeah and the time I think it was June or July? I can't remember exactly but I Met My Girlfriend Chris at that and she's been a major positive force in my life. And then we hit that season and he talked about like, you know how crazy the difference, you know, the beginning of the year was versus the end. It's just like I remember standing. Yeah the week leading up to the Rose Bowl and you know Right before the Rose Bowl just like holy hell like what a year? It's been and I'm like you're standing in the tunnel or the rose Rose Bowl about to run out. It's like your grandparents or their your parents are there. It's like wow, you know so glad I stuck with it when we got off the bus when we got off the bus at the Rose Bowl. I will had the biggest. Holy shit moment of all time the Rose Bowl I still say it all the time. Like I cannot believe that we actually played in the Rose Bowl. It's you know, it's that's that's a tradition that goes back. I mean to, you know, our grandparents, you know, when they were watching or they were, you know, maybe even listening to Big Ten football. My dad talked about the granddaddy of them all so many times like insane. Yeah. No, it was a that was a great. We had a lot of great guys great senior leadership is about 20 or so guys that senior class that I think made that happen. I think it was the 14 season that really put a rocket up their ass to get things moving and get the culture right and you know, we had a lot of other guys that just wasn't seniors, but we had a lot of guys involved and getting that moving extremely fortunate to be a part of that. We yeah, I mean that year was just it's hard to describe unless you were part of it and I think it's really fun to go back and reminisce on them. Yeah, I love talking about it. Yeah, so then you know and then we have two years left after that and we end up so a couple maybe highlights or important kind of Cliff Notes through that may relate to you Sean is we end up actually finishing. One of our final games not our final game, but one of our final games with the game versus Ohio State and I'd love to hear your thoughts on that one and want to ask him about it the whole time. I just want him to know I want to back up real quick right before senior year you did come out. That's the other part. I was a major major speech for the yeah reporters talk about why that was like important to you. I know you kind of touched on it and how fucking hard that is to do. You know what? It was. It was really scary and for me like, you know, I had talked about how it's something that runs and one side of my family. So I felt really nervous about outing people or you know, I felt like, you know, what's this going to do for me down the road in terms of credibility and you know professionally and You know for me, I it was just kind of a moment where I just wanted to say. You know what? I think the net positive of this is going to be better than any kind of harm or bad that can come from it and I actually, you know, I'd written a big kind of the original op-ed. I wrote was way longer and edited just kind of had to shrink it down. And yeah for me, you know, it was a really scary. Scary time for me. I was really kind of scared and nervous how it was going to play and how it was going to go and I didn't want to be known as the depression guy. You know, that would be my kind of calling card and the thing when they think of John Walsh when they played in Iowa, he was The Depression guy, but, you know just kind of said screw it and you know, we got it out and for me, I've really never really regretted the decision, you know, I I still get notes from guys that are playing right now guys that have played in the past guys that are in high school parents that have kids that are playing and you know, I always preface it with like I'm by no means an expert tell them what works for me. I tell them a little bit about my story. Tell them about the 2015 season how you know, I was really on the verge of weather. The player or not and you know really, you know ended up playing and sticking with it. That's that 15 that 2015 year. And yeah now it was it's just been a great thing. I really positive thing. But yeah, I did it and it's I hope it's helped some folks out and just want it, you know again commend you guys for talking about might as well you besi you use it even better platform than we did. You got the national media and all we only have few know the own little bit of Hawkeye fans. So you did a better job than us man. You're the Trailblazer. You know what it's the more that we can talk, you know folks about it and it's nothing to be ashamed about you know, the better it's it can only help folks this brings up. Yeah this brings up one thing quick before we get to the the good stuff on the, Ohio. Game our senior Year Carmen. Did you use Carmen at all? We've talked about Carmen like six episodes in a row now and I had to imagine that you and Carmen spent some time together. But yeah, we spent a lot of time together. I was I think I was seeing her maybe every other week or maybe every week and we get hey, first of all University of Iowa, can we pay that woman some more money? Whoever's listening goddamn? Gone, I'm on that train got my voice. You know what she even Beyond like the cadet like clinical like the the conditions like, you know, whether it's depression or anxiety or whatever. It might be. Someone might be struggling with she helps the program and she helps guys that you know, maybe they don't have someone to bring something like that that's on their mind they can they can go to her and kind of Van and talk about it and she's just such a valuable person and just import so much. She's I guess the she's so important to a lot of those guys and she helps them out a lot. He's really huge. All right. Now we go into our senior season and you can talk about just your senior season in general kind of how it comes full circle. I got to imagine at this point, you know, you've thought about damn Like a similar feeling to that Rose Bowl of wow, look at where I'm at. Same thing as that senior season, like look where it made it to and then and then talk about beating the Buckeyes it Onyx Stadium. No. Um, yeah. I was getting really fortunate to you know, the cool thing the interesting thing you see if you're there for four years or five years four or five but over the years the kind of the classes. - it's there's attrition there and think oh, yeah and you get down to a really great Core group of guys. Yeah. I thought we had a really great class great group of guys. And that's why we can get on a podcast and talk shit about it years later after we were all so tight. Yeah. No. Yeah. You got it. I mean like, you know, it's you share so much in the way of like, you know, really Great awesome moments and then just really shitty sucky comments a couple of Miles. Yeah that that Bond, you know, it's hard to break. But yeah, we you know that senior season we yeah, you know it was it was a lot of fun. It was you know, it's hard sometimes because you catch yourself thinking about I don't know It's tricky because you want It's important to plan and think about the future and what you need to do. I did a terrible job planning for the future. Let me tell you what you know what it's what it's so hard though because everything that The way that like you think when you're playing and when you're a part of the program is it's a week by week and it's a day by day and you keep the picture small and you try not to get too Global with your thoughts with you know, what you're thinking about. So it's totally understandable why you know anybody would struggle to think or you know gets just like plan and think about the future but sometimes you catch yourself, you know thinking and then you catch yourself. Reminiscing to thinking about all the fun times you had, you know, it's not over yet. But like you know that you can tell it's coming to an end. They had strand. Yeah. It's kind of we had a lot of fun at Ohio State game. I mean that that was a That was I mean for me it was kind of poetic justice for me. Just privately I mean it was a remember my senior year or my junior year in high school. That was when the coaching staff was kind of getting turned over at Ohio State and it was coach Meyer that brought in all the new staff and they started bringing guys from all over the country. I remember coach Tressel here. Thank you is kind of similar to Coach firms where he kind of tries to keep a lot of guys from Ohio tries to bring a lot of guys in from Ohio and just like coach variance big Iowa guy, you know coach Maris. He's big. He's really big on green a lot of the in the best towns and and you know, I it was right around the time where I was being recruited and I kind of had a chip on my shoulder about that. It kind of you know, it helped me kind of I felt kind of like maybe like I wasn't good enough to play there or it just kind of it pissed me off a lot remember thinking about it. Sometimes that I'm playing with that walk on mentality soon. I mean II was a program of Walk-Ons. And the leftovers of the blue chipper, that's a really put it my man, you know guys that you know, they're they're you know, Scrappy motherfuckers, you know, and don't want to fight us now. You don't want to fight the Hawks. No. No, I don't want to fight Sean. Well she either because he's got the fucking strongest hands you'll ever he's got the claws of death, dude. No, but yeah, you know what for me? I that was that was such a great day. My parents is actually, you know, they came out for nearly every game my dad did but well they both did and they both made it out to that game and my mom went to vet school at Ohio State. My dad's dad went to medical school, I believe or maybe his undergrad. Ohio State plenty of friends and family went to Ohio State they were all you know, given my parents like back home like all that, you know, they should give them a good game they'll play and you know just really kind of condescending kind of you know, stuff like that or because they're the Ohio State University. There are a bunch of Pricks. It's a unique fan base, you know, it's there just you know, it's maybe a bit of an echo chamber at times. Yeah, but they yeah, they they kept getting those you know, and right off the bat. I mean, we just start putting it to him and that was just I could another one of those moments where you look around and you're thinking why is this happening? That's the moment when moment so that was that was one of the only games in my whole career that I was just like praying. looking at the clock like let's go let's go like let's I wanted the game to end as soon as possible because I didn't think that this could actually be happening and in so many moments to that are just like so rare and like how did that happen like you know it was just a it seem like everything just went for us and our way and for me like you know I couldn't talk the day after I was like just screaming so loud and like you know I literally I've lost my voice like the next day couldn't talk it was a it was just an amazing day hug my dear did you lose you lose your voice in kennick or in Summit Well, it was so late, but I didn't go out after the game. It was like by the time we all got out it was like and if you had media, it's like gosh it was like midnight or something and I was I was so tired. I mean I was spent I was it was that's funny the one game I you know, I didn't make it out. That's tough. Yeah, tough. That's all I have to say. Yeah. Now what are we had? We had plenty other You know what? We did we had our late nights and summer that's for sure more than more than enough. What's funny about you saying that your parents were getting Raz back home and stuff it when we beat Michigan. I had offered one of my best friend's a ticket to the game and he basically said like no, I don't want it. They're going to blow you all out. We beat them and then when I offered him the ticket to the Ohio State game, he actually took the ticket. And because he had learned his lesson. So for him, we got him trained War daddy. That's awesome, man. And I know they were all their hot guy stuff all is so they I grew up in Southern Ohio and a few years ago. They moved up like 20 minutes east of Columbus area. So they're there in the thick of Buckeye country and they were all their Iowa shit for you know, the entire week after got plenty of dirty looks all that stuff love it. That's the kind of trolling we need out of your family. Side note here real quick. Grew up in Southern Ohio Dayton to be exact same payday coming up here real soon. You can make a check back home. Now. I know it's a big thing in the ud crowd, you know, so Chris is actually going to be up in your old stomping grounds for for Patty's Day Chicago Chicago Patty's day is good time. It is a good time. I've been there what Dayton st. Patty's day. I've heard some legendary stories yeah they they you want to be careful if your part you know if you're imbibing and you don't want to I forget exactly you want to make sure you're on a line that's all I remember hearing someone say is yeah it's like it's like one neighborhood and it's like all college houses but like if you see pictures there's no one on the street yeah in somebody's lawn I'm gonna be wise thank you the cops come like like swap mode and they take you down so yeah you can't get off I remember hearing a story and it's probably just like an old like you know something that they just kind of passed down but that's the ud st. Patty's Day and can't get you can't walk on the street you gotta see a stay on the lawn I remember hearing a story about a kid like getting in the street and they got like the or scoffs he caught like a billy club to the face or so It's a myth or something that they pass down or something. But like I just imagine some drunk idiot, you know twenty-year-old stumbling in the street. And of course cop Galloping by just Acumen or something that captures hoping somebody stumbles into the street. That's tremendous. He wants to take a swing. Yeah, so Ohio State happens finish out your story at Iowa you end up training with us for pro day. Yeah. So train with you guys for protein for me, you know, I was really I was unsure of whether I wanted to keep playing or not write me a you know, I played football every year of my life from third grade up until that point and wasn't sure if it was burnt. louder or what it was but for me I wasn't sure if I really wanted to go down the the professional route you were definitely talented enough though oh you know I appreciate you saying that yeah it's you know I definitely had the opportunity and you know for me I just ended up you know deciding it wasn't the the route I wanted to take now you know it was still was a good opportunity and you know I appreciate you know everything you know all the time and you know attention that folks put into me being able to get there for me you know it just wasn't the brought I wanted to go and so if I for the fans you did get signed by the Redskins after the draft I did yeah yes and so and you spent what like a week there and just like yeah and you re like enough time that you were like yeah I'm just this isn't it for me I you know I just didn't want to half asset right II you know for me I football is going to be this thing one of those things that if I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it right and I'm gonna give it my all and I'm not gonna do it the disservice of just half-assing it and yeah for me you know I it just seemed like the right time mmm so then do appreciate training because the day after pro day or the night of Friday we had a good time with you boys that was just that was the one that was one for the ages do you have any two cents in that night Sean we've told that story a couple times so I remember hearing what you guys did over it oh what was it been straight then yeah you guys it was me up out of bed yeah it got a little extracurricular some could say I remember going like we were we is Blackstone and then we went out to what all is that little town was that I went to like Branch until Whispering. It's like North Liberty. We went to then we went to north of everybody then came back down to Iowa City. Yeah. Well the thing is is like a Tuesday night Monday night Monday night and we were alone in every bar. What are these doing is acting a fool on a Monday night. I know one point Shawn you were in you were in top form when we went to Joe's Place. I think we were over mayor know it was Spokeo. One of the two I don't remember you were it was a good time in? Yeah. Anyway, yeah, you saw you saw guys that you never saw or take it was it was definitely you know, it was a good last hurrah for everyone. It really was that that was it right there. Yeah. And so the NFL wasn't the path. What what is the path for Sean? Daddy Welsh and where where are you now? Yeah, you know, I mean professionally. Yeah, I work for Eli Lilly. So Pharmaceuticals and I work in sales and for me, I don't know if I may be started with this but I moved out to Arizona. So I'm down here with Drake. Yeah blowing sun and they you know, the the pool and the gulf and all that you're living it. But now, you know what I mean, you know for me, you know that, you know, I think still looking for what that is. I think a lot of guys are looking for about thing that can get you back to that. I guess that level or that that that that energy that drive it drive that football does. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I it's for a lot of people it's coaching. You know, I've done a little bit of All cheering here and there with pee wee and yeah, you know, I mean there's there's still looking for that kind of thing to not replace. But like you know, what football did for me. What football did for you guys? I'm everybody has that thing. Absolutely. Well Shawn it was it was great to catch up. I use literally sitting back in the middle of this. Just thinking damn. It's so nice to just talk and like yeah, man. Just catch up and relive The Good the good old days, which is really why we have this podcast because we can't let it go. We are we are really thankful. We finally able to get you on hit some pretty pretty nice topics that I hope the the fans enjoy listening to and getting a little bit better Insight of the of the daddy Welsh and we wish you all the best moving forward. Yeah, man, I I really appreciate you guys have a my you know my sorry washed up a sign hey man that's exactly what this is all about washed up guys talking about all the good times privilege and honor now my mom's gonna flip the shirt I mean that you know she's gonna be able to see this and it's no I think it's a good thing you guys are doing this it's good for me to I mean I was kind of thinking the same thing clear it's nice to catch up so appreciate you good deal well that's episode 96 Drake was it 96 dude we're for way and and after that were shutting it down that's it for you doing for 100 secret okay it's looking pretty good as and we don't even know what we're doing a secret is in we got to figure that out that's it ghost of now can I yeah we're gonna bring it for bringing in kinnock nozzle well they see the number one would be Gary dolphin my number one wish for 100 trying I'm just gonna put it out there yeah but if he hit get Gary dolphin we have spending do you do what you do best oh I've already I've already been on the phone and talked with them and we just have to find a time to do it so over the next one is 97 what are we doing for for that I I'm just hopefully not talking about you because I will shut my laptop I'm doing a solo episode baby I'm talking about how I still got records on the board ha ha we're gonna have no more subscribers because you all right that's it we that's what a hundred not a hundred seventy five minutes worth of dad Sean Welsh wash up Walk-Ons content thank you guys for listening against Shawn thanks for joining and stay tuned because we're rolling up on that 100 fast so heart don't have stars and That's it. Walk on.