Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to Speaking. It was maybe someone out there is going through the same situation that I went through always in a similar situation and obviously maybe that person hasn't got anyone around to kind of talk to you and I just I just wanted to let someone out there that you know what, you know, the only person he's going he's going through it. Yeah. So the focus today is going to be on how I lost my beautiful gorgeous children to the system in the UK. Like I said again, obviously this to me is it's a it's a topic that's very close to my heart only because it's my children, you know. It's my my children. So I just thought let me talk about it. Let me talk about it. So it took a lot of Courage for me to come and speak on it because I've always felt like people laugh at me or people talk about me. A lot of people are looking at me and thinking oh my God, what kind of a mother is this? Let you know children get into the cases Tim. What did she do to she neglected? Her kids were she hating her kids while she not feeding her kids were she not looking after her kids didn't it went when you tell people that your children have been removed from your care. The first thing that come through their minds is was I bad mom did I eat treat them did I neglect them? But for me that wasn't the case. That wasn't the case and to be honest, it breaks my heart to actually know that my children were not removed from me for the mere fact that I was neglecting them that that that wasn't the case at all. So so I'm just gonna get right straight to the port right there and start my story. So what happened was I was in a toxic toxic relationship with my baby. Daddy. I'm going to start off by letting you guys know that I've got three children. I have got my first born whose boy. He's 8 and I've got a set of twins boy and a girl they are 60 share beautiful children. I was with the twins they between start and the time their children got removed from my care. This relationship was very toxic. We had a lot of arguments. We we fought a lot. It wasn't a good environment for our kids to grow to grow around. Yeah. So yeah, so oh God, I do apologize guys. I just got a bit distracted there. So let me come back. Let me come back. Let me come back. Trying to make sure that I'm not leaving things. I just I just I just want to get into as much detail as possible without is you eat. I'm sure you guys can hear my little notebook there making the little sound. Yeah, so I was in a toxic relationship. Yeah in a very user it was a violent relationship. We always always used to fight and sometimes when Or in this type of relationship. You don't realize the effect is going to put on your children or on your family. Really I would have never thought my like today. I'll be here sitting in my own home without my children in not in a million years, you know, you hear a lot of people talking about their children getting removed from their care, but really as a person you'd never really think it would ever happen to you. Yeah, but it did it did so we were fighting one time police came through. Unfortunately the kids were in the house at the time that we were fighting when a neighbor called the police. So the first thing that comes into you know in the police either the first thing that police have got to do to make sure children are safe. So they removed the children and took the move to my parents place. The next day the children were removed from my parents and they were put into foster care where they were allocated to wear foster parent. Oh my God, I remember the foster parent looked about 80 odd, right you already had about five of five other foster children. She was looking after and she was given another set of twins. So like I said, the system is fucked up. Anyway, and and so yeah, so the social workers told me that obviously I had to get into contact. I had to obviously see my kids at a contact center supervised. So I remember I used to take two buses from where I lived and I used to go see my kids once a week. I mean visit my kids are contact center once a week. For for an hour and I will supervise. So for example, like I remember this day I went and I was playing with one of the trains and I remember one of the supervisors telling me Oh, don't touch the kid like that. I was like wow. Yeah, don't touch the kids like that. So it was a very difficult time you couldn't do certain things. I wasn't allowed to I remember every time I went to contact my My kids would come looking dirty. They had. Oh God, they were smelling they had snot all over their faces. Their skin was never moisturised and you couldn't actually speak out and even if you did there was actually nothing that there was nothing you could do. It was like I was powerless. I was absolutely powerless. So one day I would even go and go right. Can I wash my children today? Can I dress them up? Can I buy my own clothes? Can I ever can I wash my children every time I see them in contact center. They wouldn't even let me I remember I wasn't even allowed to take a picture of my own kids and what puzzled me was. They took off these children for the mere fact that I was in a toxic relationship and I wasn't detaching myself from their dad. So what the social workers wanted was for me to kind of detach to not even to kind of to detach myself. From their father because we were because the both of us, we're not good for each other and it wasn't a good environment for the children to grow up in there. So the and to be honest, this is what I tell my friends as well. Every time one of my friends come to me or say hello. We're fighting with I say right be careful. I know use a fighting and you think you know, it's nothing but just Make sure you're not fighting to the point where the police are getting involved because your children could potentially be removed from you. And this is what I try to tell people in the UK that when you fight in especially when you've got children that I like really young like under 16 when you're fighting you better fight knowing that, you know, if it's you know, if the police gave the system gets involved, you know, it's just never going to go away and they're always Going to keep an eye on you so they can take your children out of just you know, just anything anything anything that they think will destroy, you know, the way your child to grow. They will just remove them from you. So, yeah, so yeah, so obviously you're given a choice to fight for them wanted if you know if you want to Did you leave them in the system? So for me, obviously I decided to fight for my kids. They also gave us an option if we had anyone any family member or friends who wear who were happy to look after our children up until the age of 18. So already they had already decided that I wasn't a fit mom to my children only because I couldn't I couldn't detach myself from their dad. Every time I still you know, I didn't understand it at the time and the time I was very angry at them because I was like, why are you taking my kids away from me? Like, you know, I look after my kids like why are you taking them away from me? So we would go to court we would have conference meetings where they would put more things in place. They would come to my house. They would ask questions. If they see a stone in your house, that would imply that you know you fighting someone so it's just it's like to be fat like the Healthcare System it like it works it to me. I feel like the healthcare system in the UK Works through a multi calling. How can I call this am how do I you know, you know their magic balls where you can see the future and as you you know a zoom that you know, this is going to happen. So So if they think what they think they'll write it down, so it's my social worker thought that at the time that Christopher was probably not able to look after the kids that that's what they're gonna focus on. They're not going to change that no matter how you fight unless if you've got a lot of money to get a good lawyer you can get out of that easy. But if you're like me in the system where you're just a normal citizen, they will treat you like shit, okay. Now what I want people to understand is that I am not saying they shouldn't have taken my children away from me. Every time they did the right thing because genuinely the relationship that I am. Sorry. The relationship I was in was pretty much not healthy at all. I wouldn't have been able to look after my children if I was still in that relationship today. So my only issue with the system is that since they say that they have training in domestic violence. They should have put things in place for me to be able to wake up and think right. I need to leave this man in order to put my children fast first if that makes sense. So really and truly I acknowledge the fact that I failed to put my I failed to put my children first. And I put their debt Fest knowing that he that we just we're not good for each other if that makes sense. So it at the time, you know coming to think of, you know, I mean at the time it really did break my heart that I failed to put my children first and I put him first, you know, because at one point obviously we were under false pretences we lie. We were lying to the system that we were together that we were not together. But really we were actually living together. So obviously it's when because at one point the the social services we're going to give me my children back at one point guys at one point. They actually went oh you've left him so You're ready. So at one point they did they did decide to give me my children back. They bought me. I remember they started bring buying the new beds for kids. If they bought me clothes there Bobby, you know to prepare me, you know to have them back but then obviously someone phoned them and told them that obviously they're lying, you know, they're together. I went back to court. Cold, so I again they did they take they took them away again. Thank God if it wasn't for one of my family members. My children would have been adopted as we speak. So this is one thing I'm still grateful for. You know that I get to see my kids I get to stay in touch with them. But obviously in the future, you know, there's going to be a time when I'll have to explain to them that you know, Mommy was Morty mommy was young. Mommy was naive. Mommy was very very vulnerable at the time and wasn't very focused. And this is why we're here, you know So eventually obviously I got to accept this, you know, it happened. You know, they've gone I still keep in touch with them. I still speak to them. I still see them grow. They still see me. So obviously what also breaks. My heart is the fact that I'm never going to be able to raise them. The way I would have wanted to raise them. I'm never going to be able to call me mummy the way that they supposed to call me Mommy. It really really does break my heart that out of just one stupid stupid thing. The only mistake you know, it's caused my family, you know for God, I don't even want to imagine what you know what it's done to them. So yeah, so this is my story. This is my story. This is how and why my Children were removed from my hair. It's a very sad situation. But at the same time we have I have learned a lot of lessons from it and it's made me a better person. It's sort of made me kind of look forward move forward and you know and be a better person. It was a very I didn't take all of these onboard like, you know, when people see me on social media. I'm smiling and laughing and messing around but really it's just it's not as it seems okay. So this happened like I said all this happened in 2015 where It is raining now. I am a totally different person from that person whose children were removed from her care. Obviously. The first thing I had to do was to accept that I haven't got them and it's not changing any time soon. You know, like I said, you get it got to a point where I was drinking a lot. I became an alcoholic I started taking drugs. I did I did a lot of things too. to soothe the pain, you know, but eventually it just didn't help so obviously with the help of obviously my friends my family's, you know, I began to see life a little bit differently, you know, I began to accept my situation and obviously I started to kind of, you know, move forward and focus and What I want is obviously for my kids to grow up and to to know my story to understand what happened and to look at me and go oh, but you've changed Mom. This is not the woman who we see in this in this in this in these letters in these in these things and whatever so guys, I I want to thank you for listening. I hope I have said what I've said, I hope I have reached out to somebody who's going through this. I hope I was able to let someone out there know that they are not the only ones going through this and I want you to know that it never gets better. These are your children you are never going to get over pain. That's a lie. Why people will come to you and go. Oh these shooters, you know, this this too shall pass. You're going to be fine. You're going to know you you never ever get over your children being removed from you. If you if you truly love your kids. This is a pain that's never gonna go but what you need to do is to accept that is happened and focus on being a better person so that when your kids grow up, they're gonna See you different person from what people have been portraying you to to be so yeah, I'm not sure if I've actually said if I've actually, you know made sense. I'm really not sure. Like I said, this is my first episode but guys, thank you for for listening and I'm going to go through me and I'm going to listen to it. If I feel like I've left something I'm going to add on to my second episode on a new topic or whatever, but guys, if you have any questions, you ask me. Feel free to message me on Instagram on Facebook Snapchat. Just feel free to ask any questions. I mean, like I said, there will be someone out there going through a similar, you know, it's similar. situation I've been in so guys get in touch if you have any questions and thank you for listening to my podcast by