I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas. Days, and you know like I met with my family and you know brought back some memories you close with your family. Yeah, very close very close. But like just to give you guys like a bit of a background in terms of like what I'm facing and what I know is like the of my you know anger issues when I was younger my mom left to move to Canada, you know to obviously find a better life and you know, I I was left back there. I was left behind, you know, being a kid, you know to three years old. Are you an only child at the time? Okay at the time I was so that actually adds a little bit I think Hmm, you know layers to it. So can imagine yeah, and you stayed behind what you're on so say about my Grandma, she's great. She raised me and my aunt actually I had like five ons that my so I was raised by all women, you know, I'm right. I would explain your wisdom knowledge about women. All these aunties and you know all of them, you know, just teaching me game. It was no other you know, like man around really in the house. So yeah, I had no choice but to learn and adapt quick, but just back to the anger thing, you know, just saying that just knowing that you know her leaving. I'm not I don't understand why you know, you think as a kid you think it's you and no matter how much explanation on how much love you can get from, you know, you're onto your grandma, you know, nothing. Beats the love of your mother right course, you know and you know, like I used to honestly speaking like I used to like kind of like sometimes beat my head like as a kid because I didn't understand. No, I didn't know how to deal with the lack of information. Are you Justified when I said be mad at me, I mean physically, oh, okay. Yeah because I didn't understand how so you'll pretty much expressed it by violent. Yeah towards yourself towards myself and then, you know getting into fights, you know. Many people rather people my grandma put me in karate because of that because so what are your filters today? Like what do you do to actually deal with anger today? So press o explain that's that's that's that's actually very very bad. So yeah, it's explosive right? It's like when cumulative stress it. Yeah, he cumulates and then eventually explores so it's like if he starts beating up somebody today chances are he's not beating him up for what he did, but for all the shit that he can't really Women are big on that we suppress we suppress then explode, right? So what's the ideal approach actually because depression is definitely not a good thing at all. So I'm guessing Sports meditation yoga. Maybe just talking about it with anybody. If you have some that were told your wife about it talking about it works out. It might help or another perspective like so you explain a situation to someone and then that person can help you see a different perspective. And so you fucking professional like a shrink. My shrink Works to is just that I think it depends on because I've always thought about like a shrink right therapy therapy just to see what the other underlying issues are what I mean, but having good friends to know how important people who are a support group support group. You know what I mean? Like I said like a significant other sometimes it's actually even like writing. You know, that's something that help help me. That's what Of my favorite mediums to be honest. Yeah writing to yourself. Well, all the codes that I'm actually putting on Instagram is just ways of communicating. It's putting a thought out there, right? So it's something that's bugging me not necessarily with anger, but it's something that I have doubts or something. I'm curious about or whatever. I'll just put it in coat and put it out there and what's funny actually sometimes with writing what's cool about it is you can go back at it. So let's just say I go back to my wall like six months seven months down the line and I read the code. I'm like, wow, I was in a very strange or How does when you talk with somebody you say to never comes back? It's gone, right? That's I thought you have less than C of remembering the feeling that you felt but when you write it down a journalist, I say then maybe a year two years three years. I found a journal of mine that I was writing when I was in my 20s. Oh, man, so when I was going through that with the dates and I'm like damn I was like, whoa, I had to like a different type of approaching things a different opinion a different anger system and stuff like a mask. Are you reading it back up? Actually makes me proud. It should make him happy. It makes me happy because I'm happy where I am today. If I would have been still in the same place. I would be worried. But right now I'd be like wow this this situation would happen to me today. I would deal with it a lot easier because I have more tools. I thought process that's it. I don't like seeing the process. I'm not gonna lie to you. I don't like it either down. I'm big on writing it down. But once I go through it just because like most people we it's hard for me to express myself. We're actually understand the feeling of Anger or depression at that current moment, right? I need to deal with it and to process it. I need to find an outlet then I could talk about it. I can't talk about it at that for the moment ma'am. I think the only I think that's actually a normal thing when it comes to we're looking if I'm just talking here in terms of the I'm going to use the male-female vernacular at this point in time because it's how we process things differently, right, you know women it's built on energy, right? It's built on that current moment. Whereas men and it's not even the shot anyone us we focus on more like logic, right? So we're going to want look over these things analyze see where we went differently women if they looking over there like holy crap. That's not a place that I wanted to be. It's going to bring back those feelings. Correct? That's exactly what I express. I think that I don't want to feel it again. I'm like I've learned to deal with it. I've processed it. I literally have thrown out journals move on. I'm a big writer like every day till this day. All right. Into my general everything that crosses my mind. It makes me feel better. It's like I'm letting it out but it's an interesting actually thought right here because I like to see the journey. I like to understand the journey. I like to feel it. Oh, no because you know, there was the what's my call there was one of these is love that I love that right there that that explain everything that you know, what you just said you like to read it you like to understand it and she said, I love to feel it. That's like and there's no wrong. No, no, no wrong. And when I heard it it spoke to like, you know two ideologies that I'm trying to marry right now. So that's all that would be the perfect marriage but Mary Mason, but that's the thing. So when I go through the process like they're they were telling write it down then burn it. That's right, but I don't want to burn it. I want that to be a reminder of where I was it's like a scar and how you improve it's literally like a scar. So, you know this guard you healed from it. It's there. It's a reminder like this car here this little tiny scar that I have on my GE will forever remind me of a specific feeling specific moment where I don't want to be at again. So it's okay because I look at myself now and I have absolutely nothing to complain about. I find that I'm a reasonable stable person and job, I think I'm a nice guy nice or not. Nice. It's a question of opinion, but I feel unbalanced like I'm okay where I'm at today. I think it's a lot better than a lot of people imagined and that's already there. That's actually where a lot of my anger comes from. From oh, so you had high expectations and you don't like you that's opposite the opposite. It's what you just said. It's the perception that people have of you and some things that people don't want to let go of like an idea. So everyone you meet no there was a quote that I read and identified completely we how I feel everyone that you meet formulate an opinion of you. So everyone that you meet has a whole different perception of you ever the same thing this week. I don't know where I said, so The same thing other side to cut you off. I think it was saying that nobody really truly knows you because it depends on when they meet you how they meet you on a different circumstances. They meet you and they tells actually to that you don't know yourself neither because you are different depending on who approaches you. That's exactly the one I was talking about it read it. So basically it's a different version of you exists in the minds of everyone, you know, so this one it starts like I read a book that blew my mind the main character goes crazy when he realizes know. No one really knows him the gist of it. Is that the person you think of as yourself exists only for you. And even you don't really know who that is. Every person meet have a relationship with or make eye contact with on the street creates a version of you in their heads. You're not the same person your mom your dad your siblings, then you are to your co-workers or to your neighbors or to your friends. There are thousands different versions of you that exist out there in people's minds a you exist in each version. In and yet you're you yourself isn't really a someone at all and that's something that's like it's how I've been feeling. Well, we haven't even read this quote. Well, I think everybody could relate to a certain degree cesare coach and what's amazing about that quote is it's the purest truth and if you cannot perceive it or understand it you're lying to yourself I guess and then it creates like somewhat of disharmony within yourself when you Read it sometimes because you know, sometimes when you actually acknowledge and you see the truth and you know, the truth don't know how what's the next step what I mean trying to figure that out. As long as you okay with all those Assad's of you. Of course, like I'm a Gemini right? They say, oh you have multiple personalities. I'm like, I don't have to I have 25 million, correct as long as I'm okay with the majority of my personalities and everything and I am in peace with that. I'm okay because we adapt we are it's our Natural Instinct of survival. Society of many things even I could be the biggest alpha male out there once in a while. I'm going to get guided or I'm going to step down or step backwards and stuff like that you adapt to the situations around you and I feel that people put that little bit of extra pressure because they have these expectations you have this what people expect them and then it becomes crazy a bit and you have tendency of forgetting and then you get angry because you don't get to that level and some people just satisfy for Less to I'm still alive cool. I've succeeded and stuff like that. Doesn't that come up to the true-self find your true self? There is no such thing as well. So some of the true self. I just think that the key to happiness or keto manager depression or anxiety anger whatever you could call is so we have one life if it the best that we know how or what you particularly think of the best version of you. That's and love it out there. It doesn't matter what everybody else that's that's deep. That's that's deep, but the problem is Is limitations and what I mean by that is like you just you said it the best, you know, how some people don't know how and they don't know actual but let me come best. It's because of what they were shown the let me complete that thought it all depends on where you add in life that wise words that you said can never be understood by a 20 year old or so back. So you have to live a certain things you have to faced different obstacles to actually get to that level. Of knowing what's worth it. And what's not you cannot just wake up one morning and have total Enlightenment without living certain things. So you learn how to make choices accordingly. That's what you're meaning. You have to live to know. What's the best way of living you have to go through a right-left try different experiences. Now, I'm not saying to try everything but it takes a certain and again, some people could do it at 26. Some people can do it at 50. A lot of people do it a lot later because they're obsessed with Search money Family situations. They forget themselves. They're focused on a specific goal that they forget everything that's going by them. And then at one point they have those crisis is Right midlife crisis or whatever teenage crisis puberty, whatever you want to call those little platforms and they just go a little bit berserk. They're like, whoa, wait one second a little buzzer core a lot berserk or there's different levels exactly. So all that anger and it like especially if you keep it on right? So if you keeping on a lot of shit, That's bothering you for so long, which is suppressing surpressing. And then the thing is when it comes out, sometimes it comes out badly because it's too much for something so little I guess because people have tendency for getting that there was an accumulation, you know, there's that expression in French where they say like good kitty bottle Vaso pretty much translated into the drop that made the vase overflow overflow, but people have tendency forgetting that the visuals are ready for their thinking about that one job that made everything till Of course, it was already full so there was a cumulation and accumulations of stuff and then sometimes it's perceived or expressed wrong. I also think though the surprising part when I talk about suppressing is the way that we were raised were not allowed to catch a plane or show emotions like facts. I might my my Heritage is Italian, right? So you have food on your table. You have your lucky you are not a lot to complain that's it and it goes back. At over and over so it takes time to learn how to express it. Hey, I think it's once I met a good group of friends that says hey, you're a lot to complain today. You don't have to be happy all the time or pretend to be happy all the time because that's another key trick, right? They show you just pretend to be happy. It's going to join in you're going to be happy eventually the that was the original fake it until you make it right. That's right. That's right. What are people going to think so you always have to have that sappy face and everything's amazing and whatever's happening in the family stays in the What at this and this and that and then it overlaps sadly to other things. So what are you tricks to actually go through these angers? Yeah count to 10 that's actually a good start count to 10 when you're so what here in this situation just count to ten and think of some try to think of something else. It's going to be hard takes a lot of practice but I feel like that's a good start until you try to find maybe sports or Poppy or anything else that can help our week. I don't think I'm sorry. Good. Are we talking about in the moment when we feel anger in the moment? Yeah, or is that the State of Mind of because I'm thinking more of a process, you know, when you're angry you're so angry could last hours. It can last days you like feel like locking ourselves up basically because we're afraid of there's a friend of mine that says often I'm not afraid for me. I'm afraid of the person in front of me. Yeah, right when I'm angry. So is it that that wasn't very smart? It's in any situation. If you feel anger, you could be alone. You could be at the office you could be anywhere and just have a seat and just think of something else and count to ten and if that doesn't help then you know, you actually have like a bigger problem, but will you yeah, that's the problem is it's more because I like the kinds of 10 I do but it's more in the moment, right? So we're talking about you know, that blinding rage. You count to ten you don't think you should be equivalent to breathing, right? Yes. Exactly deep breath. I don't think that you should try to think of something else. I think you should try and think of an alternative way to approach a situation or maybe a solution to exactly. Okay. Can you find a solution angry at the moment? I don't think so. I think I think so what I mean is the probably be a very base solution walk away. You just boom you have to flight or fight at that point that I'm bringing the other that's not a solution that's just not walking away walking away is Solution because it Liu Yan I get gives you that moment. It gives you that Breath Right. What if you you're angry to the point where you can't walk away? No, you should always walk away. I think you should always you should always walk unless your life is at risk. Yeah, I mean, I don't think there's another reason run away run away because there's nothing that cut. That's why I said you can't miss I don't believe I personally you can find a solution angry. So you walk away. You count to ten you Get back to a neutral tries to a neutral ground and then you try to approach the situation. Now if you can do it on your own good if you need to talk to people good if you have to go and punch a wall or go do Jujitsu or swim or whatever. Does it for you to remove a little bit of that pressure and then with a calm head, I believe you can find Solutions, but it's or with some calm head. Really? Well this we're talking about the moment of anger, right? Yeah, I think if you could acknowledge, you're angry that's already a step ahead of the game because most of the time I don't know about you guys, but when you're in the moment, you can't tell its anger right? Like you can't get you get so nervous you get so shaking or in some people I Get So Silent when I'm really angry it's really silent. So how about keywords? If you could acknowledge that you're angry other than counting. How about you use keywords? I've had that but that were but there's another factor that maybe we're forgetting here. So as your friends said I'm not worried about me. I'm worried about the person in front of me. The thing is when you're in these situations of anger, you usually not alone, right? You're facing a situation. So not only you have to control your anger, but you have to control the person in front of you not to put on more anger so you don't become reactive. Yeah. That's why the Walking Away part comes in play because it's very easy. I have some friends that it's very simple. You will react angry. He'll punch you beat you and then after that say sorry exactly and then you'll say sorry or whatever you deserve that you looked for it and stuff like that. Now you walk away. So you did an extra step for them because if they're not able to walk away by you walking away. They automatically are away. So they get in that situation where they have to calm down because they're not going to get angry alone type of thing. And then from there it gives an extra step because anger never comes alone. You just don't wake up while this. That's not true. That's not what we're gonna get is I would wake up in the morning and consciously probably I don't know like I didn't go that deep when it comes to me, but there's moments when I wake up in the morning and I'm just angry and that's where there's different keys to control your anger. So it's not anger from a situation. It's angry because you're angry, but I'm going to something that happened in the past that he needs to figure out and well. Yeah, but most of my angers towards me. Myself, that's exactly I understand exactly what why sometimes it over like overlaps in my head and I'm like, I'm putting it on this side. I'm suppressing it and stuff. Yes, and then during I'm an over-thinker by Nature, right? So shocking guilty of Applause. Thank you. Thank you, but then sometimes I cannot even control my thoughts in the sense that when I go to bed it comes in. Dreams, okay analysis, when you sleep, you know, your thoughts are putting back into the rightful place technically speaking the doing the cleanup and then yeah, and then you wake up in the morning and I'm angry. So most of the times I don't even know why I'm angry then it hits me during the day. I'm like, okay. So what am I angry about and then like here's suggestions and then you have a couple of list and then you're like, oh shit. Yeah that pisses me off. Yeah that pisses me off. That's not fair. This isn't that now you go through it. Everybody has different processes different approaches talking to people Stuff like that look at absolutely before I start talking to people about it. I have to be sure you got a form. Yeah, that's right. I have to be sure that I'm sure I'm angry about what I think I'm angry because sometimes it's misguided right? So Mike I'm anger that is that that or is because of this that got into that type of thing. So there's a lot of situations in my life. The last three years legislate that happened to me where I was angry and I thought it was just point a but then it was an accumulation of two three things that were lady a related. Again, I like the control because I like to very well formulate my issues and then I'll talk to people and I don't even talk to them for their opinion or their feedback is just to put it out there. And then again, do you feel like a weight is lifted off? You know that moment. No. No, you just have to I go and kick a ball. That's something that's another thing soccer. Does it for me? The gym doesn't do it for me boxing does And then trips vacations do it for me me. It's physical pain. I'm not gonna lie to you guys. It's physical pain. You want me to control my anger? You want me to stay happy. I need to release some sort of physical pain you receiving pain or you give it to others feeling pain so that it's a workout that it's boxing. It has it always consists of working out my mind and my body are very much linked together. So I need to feel I need to be exhausted after workout. And that's when my thoughts will process like I'm going to process what I'm feeling much better until it's like draining your depleting yourself scratch. So you're letting at that point you're letting your so you can say guard down what I mean at the for lack of better term. But yeah, that makes sense. I think like you know what you said in terms of physical. I understand that because like I said when I was younger, I would kind of like, you know, hit myself. Well hit my I hit my head or whatever like that when I was frustrated and stuff and that was a release, you know, I mean because I didn't know any other better way and it's only as I got when I got older and then I actually understood why everything was you know, Amen to that to be honest. That's the alignment part. I think everybody has a parent issues at one point and we don't understand it until hopefully eventually and then all makes a little bit I'll send more sense. You know, what? I realize I'm like, oh shoot. I was really tripping for nothing not tripping for nothing. But like your fault it wasn't my fault. We're at that age to understand the bigger picture exactly like seeing life through a peephole, but you're not seeing the bigger picture to when you go up and you go through the somewhat same struggles. You're like, oh snap. I would have done pretty much the same thing. No joke exactly. So, you know you get you give you you start you forgive yourself for that. Right? But another part of we're so then you move onto the next stage in your life. So the next stage in your life. Kind of like what you say most of your anger stems from yourself being angry at yourself. And I think what a lot of people are angry at when it comes to themselves with there's a lot of anger That's goes on is because I hate the term being real. No, but we're not real like nobody's real. You know what I mean? It's a really sad statement right there. You know, it is what it is. I'll let you finish that statement before I actually jump on it. I just want to know where you're going with well where I'm going is what I'm saying is, you know, we all have a facade, you know, we all create You know that image, you know, I mean because sometimes you are a certain way or you may have certain thoughts or you you know, but you don't express it even sometimes you doing this presses to the people that you love because you're afraid of how they will perceive it or they'll you know perceive you as a person, you know what I mean? And I think that creates a lot of anger for like a lot of people because they're not being they're not able to actually be themselves. But at the same time just be you know what I mean? Because it's just Being can I having peace? Like I want to take this one? I think at that point that happens with growing. I'm gonna be honest. If you ask me that I would have agreed with you maybe five years ago and years ago in my 20s hitting 40 now granted you go into business. You can't can't be as real or as direct that you would want to be right but a certain point with a certain level of your life is hey, this is who I am right you two. And who's in your you don't do it on purpose to hurt somebody right? You're not going to go out and tell everybody. All right, you're an idiot simple as that, but you learn how to like you are who you are. You have to forgive yourself on how So I would approach it a little bit differently. So I'm gonna ask you two things. So the fact that you said people have these facades right for the fact if you know that you have a facade. Does that make you real houses in if you known as a person because remember it's the issue with you you and you're right. Yeah, your anger is towards you with you but you're not a fan of putting a facade from putting on a mask and I'm aware of it. I'm real with myself. I know why I'm doing it. Ah, okay, so I'll give you so water simplistic water takes Different forms different shapes. Yeah, it's still water. Yeah, it's still real I get it and that sense. So you adapt to show those different things shapes. I guess I get what you're saying and when there's a purpose to them all. Okay. So so we live in a society. The only way somebody could be purely real the way he's speaking should be alone in a cave by yourself. Maybe that's what I should be because it's energy right? Everybody talks about energy. So you give you receive its magnetic in that form, right? So if you're surrounded by people that are laughing having fun chances are that you're going to start having fun. Even if you in Dark Places going to be a distraction, if you would people that's always complaining they're going to draw you in and you're going to start complaining to yeah. Now you are still you you're just you and different situations, right? That doesn't mean that you're fake though. Oh, no, that's the thing. I don't know with the Fig part. Wish I could get as deep as I want to get like I can't right now because I don't feel like we're prepared enough for this type of conversation. Or people are prepared to even hear this type of conversation yet. This is probably something that you know will come up later on, you know what I mean? But It's only because I know exactly what I'm referring to. So you're talking about a specific things. Yeah, that's it specific things. Yeah, but I'm talking here in the most General. I'm just I just mean like that's where a lot of anger comes from I think from a lot of people. I believe a lot of anger comes from our past from our new youth. I'll give you the most the most beautiful example. I can give I have a friend that had father issues. His father was absent but he was absent because he came from a poor family. The struggle was real he wasn't Present because he had to make choices in life and he had to work hard and stuff like that and he only discovered or understood all that the moment that he had kids. So when he had kids first and foremost his father became an amazing grandfather Yeah, that's a big thing on eat aliens. It happens. I think it happens throughout the whole is that I didn't have time to raise my kids, but I'll have time to read exactly so now it's given Caribbean grandparents the same thing, but it's a generation situation, right? The 50s 60s 70s the It was real now. I don't believe us we'll have that much of an issue and the next generation one because I feel that especially here in North America. I'm talking about the work-life balance is better. Exactly. So you have a little problem for a lot of people it is an issue. Remember, it's not as beautiful thing. No. No. Yeah, I get that but we have more flexibility before if you did not make it it was no heating. There's no nothing hydras not going to cut you electricity. That's my point. Summer is another story but you're more flexible. We are more are we better go because like I mean, if you look at it, you know in terms of like, you know TVs raising our kids or people's kids, you know the internet, you know what I mean? Is it really better? Like we have more time quote unquote, but it's how people are spending and using that time. It's not I'm not going to use you as an example because I see how involved you are as a parent, you know what I mean, but you have To be honest and say when you look at the reality of how things are these days with, you know other parents and you know, even kids seeing how they interact. Yeah your kids or whatever and even though we have the time we can't use any issues. They'll always have issues but I don't think he'll stem to the anger issues that Daddy Issues not before the issues are angry as hell these days. I suppose they're angry but they're angry for the wrong reasons, but they're still angry, right? What? What reasons are you thinking because I'm Don't think reasons change entirely because parents could still be absent, you know, because I don't think not sure that their present but they're absent because phones and stuff like that. But I totally agree the kids are you don't want their parents there because they spend more time. Yes. I know but there was that imagery that said parents are yelling at their kids go out and play stop playing we on your phone and then the moment you have people over the parents are giving them a phone. Go ahead. Interact with people around me because you know, you just going to be exactly now I understand that. Yes. This is a very vague Zone in that sense. But I believe we have better tools today. That would actually be what I was trying to say. We have better tools today compared to way back in the 50s and the 60s where the struggle was extremely real jobs were not that many people weren't studying that much so there was like a minimum farmers and whatever Market Sorry and stuff like that. But at the end of the day today, you have more options more situations where you could be present. You could be like my father could have never been like I am with your kids with my kids didn't get it because of his situation where you was at now then yeah, and I respect that and I understand that today have to because as a father you understand it now you I was very very angry. That's when it stops. It's when you become a father no, So I think it stops when you actually realize that your parents are Stan is that your parents are human, right? Absolutely. Like, you know, I think it goes back to like I said, unless your parents in shit, you know what I mean at the end of the day but like for the most part, you know, they're all human they all know they do their best. It's kind of like how we do our best in our day-to-day whether it's through our well when we people who try to do their best when it comes to our kids when it comes to, you know, our relationships when it comes to I think even ourselves You know what? I mean, but I think you have a very interesting interesting point when you talk about the past, you know, because a lot of it is routed to the past but I think a lot is routed to the present as well because we can't forget this type of shit that we see in the media, you know be Dickens like the type of opinions that we see expressed. These are things that make me angry. You know what I mean? I that has nothing to do with the past. It just has to do with that moment of like home. Only the past look I get it. No. No, but that's what I'm saying. I agree with that, but I'm just saying we can't we have to also acknowledge that you know anger stems from things that we can't change the things that we see that's happening. So what are the things we cannot change? Well, okay. So when I'm talking about towards anger, right? So do you mean like you get angry about certain things? I believe you get angry about certain things today. If you look into a deep enough it has to do with the past. Do we need to look at the past order to understand her? Anger of today. Yes, of course. I don't think every everything every night every Avenue. Well, not every every type of anger. So like I said, for example, I'm looking I'm looking at you know, let's see Trump just this is just throwing that out there, you know, and he's talking about, you know, like immigration or whatever like that and you see like he's attacking a certain like subset or immunoassay whether it's Mexicans or you know, and that has nothing to do with your past that have nothing to do with my past. You're thinking about slavery. No, I wasn't going to go that far. Here to Canada. For example. Mmm or you victim of stereotypical immigrant typisch to be completely honest. Yes only when I got older right that you understood what they were what artists are what they were referring to be completely honest. Okay. So what I get what I'm angry about when I see those type of things is just having to do it myself because I actually think about how other people are treated right and you know, these are people who have families who are trying to make a better life for their families just Just just put it out there, but you know people are being demonized for that. You know, I mean, so those are things I mean and I can't do anything about that is what I'm saying. Like this is so those are the types of things that makes what makes you angry the fact that you can't do something. I can't do anything I could do stuff about my own issues, right? I can go seek counseling for that Goodwill seat. So awareness is not as doing something. No, okay, I think awareness can lead to things but it has to be a group effort right? You can't just be aware. You you by yourself and why don't you doing? Okay, so this is very interesting because you know how they say change has to start somewhere. Yeah. Yeah, so they're saying awareness and then you're saying yeah, we're in this is good if there's a group so why don't you accumulate a group but there are groups all over so why don't you join a group but that doesn't change anything. So how does change happened change? That's a good question. I don't know man. Like that's why also I'm saying I guess if you're cutting out I was using it as an example. No, no, I understand. But we're here where I have my issue and again loosen eyes it right now. No definitely but I'm like I'm giving you different options options. Yeah, and they don't have them work. So which one work that's all know because and how are you gonna know this case? The only one that will work is that say for example, if he's out of office, that's the only Avenue and then the phrase comes the Lesser evil type of thing. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Like that's that's what I mean. Like what he is. No, there's no direct impact in mean but he got there some way. Yeah. So let's take it a step back. Yeah. What if we say that like we're adding the area Or any situation and we're taking one step for not necessarily for the solution immediate solution. Right? But we're taking one step forward of a true solution. I like that right is that an outlet that we can take under? That's a good that's a good I think that's a positive way of looking at things. I think, you know something to look forward to as something that actually always makes people happy right or makes people, you know, get people through the darkest darkest days are dark as night. So that's It's a way of looking at it. So I've been told they say recently I'm generally positive like one of those right guys don't be fooled. So I might it doesn't look like it today, but I'm like, you know, super optimistic. I believe in everything and my question is does it become annoying when somebody so positive in your anger State when you're so positive sometimes it feels fake. Okay. It's so it's like projection right? It's like if I say often enough, I'll start. Good night, and now again being positive doesn't mean necessarily that you have to say it to everybody that you are positive and this and that your actions should speak louder than words. Exactly. So if you're positive in your present for somebody, you're smiling you give Solutions not point out problems. Those have more weight and for me I'm talking just about me for me. Then somebody that says he's positive or puts those positive quotes that I hate being positive is actions for me actions towards other people. Yes. Yes other people just actions in general doesn't always have to be towards other people's actions towards the goal. You know, like that's that's what yeah, I agree. That's what positive positivity should be. It shouldn't be that whole like, you know, okay well, Read this and all right. That's it. You know, that's no action behind that so I can see where you reprimand me or not reprimand me, but what you said in terms of what am I doing? Am I joining these groups or whatever I that so I can see why you say that right? So it makes it because it makes absolute sense. I'm not doing the things that I would do or should do. So I'll tell you something because of the bleakness No No, I get that 100. So I'll tell you one thing that gets me really angry about Society in general where I have some anger towards Society. T is my father always used to say when somebody points a finger at a problem, there's three fingers pointing back towards him. So it's easy to find a problem. That's what I want you if you're gonna approach me about a problem. I want you to give me a sleaze suggestion bro. I that's me. Like I tell people that all the time and the thing is I feel like society today. And again, I always go back to the past. And the reason why I'm a True Believer that we are what we are we are where we are today because of the past in the decisions. People before us of course the Chain Reaction, right? So finding problems is very easy. You will always find problems. Right and now being positive is not telling me be positive or here's a quote or here's whatever correct yet. So a solution or yeah, I know but Rosie or I know like for myself when we talk about positivity, it's not just saying be happy guys. It's more like that's it, but they really cared about the average person. That's what usually they have. Tendency of resuming right? I'm a positive person. I'm thinking about you know positive thoughts. No, but it's deeper than that. Of course, it's somebody's coming up to you and says, hey I just lost my job today. All right, that sucks. What are we gonna do exactly next face man, Positive Vibes sending you a list of places that are hiring like do you need help with your CV? Like what is it that you need? And I'm also the type of going to say. All right. Your next journey is up. All right, what are we doing this? With their job and then complain to broke. I'm not gonna give you know positive please laughs please. Laughs. Where is the problem? Here you go. I got no money, but I know a lot of people that like, I need a break. I have too much pressure. This is tonight and then eventually down the line. They're like, oh, yeah, I'm broke. I'm like, but wait I get the whole broke part by you quit your job and I'll give you a reference to that actually somebody posted on. Book if they hear this they'll know exactly what I'm talking about. So they posted this quote or this story right on Facebook where it says, I I quit my job five times and every time I gave them the two weeks notice and every time they kicked me out before the two weeks notice companies don't care about you. And then that's what they posted. So I wrote back. I'm like, are you forgetting the first part you quit five times? I'm like as an employer if I find Employee, I'm not going to say hey, wait another two weeks because he gave me a two weeks notice. He is leaving so some do but it depends. It depends also the same time in Texas. No because some place actually do allow you to complete the two weeks. No, but my point being is if I find somebody in the person wants the job now. Yeah, I'm going to give it to them. Now. You're giving me the two weeks notice for Donna. I get what you're saying, but you're not your fault is is not on them, but that's it. So they're putting that on Facebook, right and they're putting like the anger or the negative. Negative towards the employer but I'm like he actually mentioned in the first phrase that he quit his job five times. So again, and then I wrote the comment because it's harder than me till just let it go I guess and this is my wavelength anger issues. No, but again, you see I see it as an to 10. Okay. Next. I always make them back. Wait. Wait, let's go back one second. That's me being positive. Actually. Also my is the boo button. No, Don't know there's nothing. Okay, boo. You're positively sucks. Keep it. Okay, but let me let me explain where this is coming from her sense that if somebody's going to post that saying all look understand and stuff like that. I believe it's my duty as their friend booty. Sorry. It's my duty to actually show them another side another perspective of it because there's it's so played you complaining about something that you should not be complaining about. Out and again me being positive in this is hey what you just wrote here? It's not totally true. Look at it from here. You'll understand a lot more and it's going to be more comprehensive hence where I was talking about actions because if I let her let's just say I didn't see anything and I just let it be so I let this person literally marinate and their ignorance to in that ignorance. That's it. How's it taste? So he as a citizen and this is a person that I know because everybody on Facebook that I know I know personally, right? So if I let them play in this it's like somebody that complains constantly right and if you don't call them out on it, that's it. Keep on complaining and I would like some people to do that on me. If I do something that's out of character, I guess or something really out there and above and beyond I would appreciate somebody's like hey look at it through this angle. Look at it. This is accept your proposal Bring It On depends on marriage in sin. Would you accept it from anyone or would you say? I would expect from anyone. I would accept it from any one depending on the explanation again, we live in a society. If somebody could come and give me again. It depends on the pair of the the example here if it's something personal and you don't know me at all. Right, your opinion has no worth because you don't know where I'm coming from. Oh wait at all exactly. I'm not sure about that guy's I think dangers will bring you the best perspective on situation these somewhat uncertain perspectives on base offers. They're on their perspective perhaps because if you don't know where I'm coming from You much were the whole issue about this podcast. Ironically speaking is people don't know where go coming from they will find out eventually after a couple of episodes in here and there are care, you know, so they don't know you so they can't they shouldn't be able to judge you as that's not judging judge. All you want. My point being is your opinion has less value because you do not know me zero weight because you don't know where I'm coming from. You don't know where I've been to be where I'm at today if you come and say ah, you had it easy. Based on what? Yeah. Yeah, but we're talking about something somebody pointing out something. I say, you're always not your negative in one conversation you're having with a random stranger that comes in. Yeah, right that comes in and he notices that are to our conversation. Yeah, every word you're saying give you the best example. So Jason today is not feeling the best of places. He is a very positive person in general now a stranger meets him today. So he's going to say he's a very negative person that true. So what is he based? On he's basing on a moment. That's true. And again me I could he could be angry the next six times. I see him his my opinion on him or still stay as a positive person and I appreciate that bro. Yeah, it is what it is. But it's true that comes up to Jason and says listen, I think you're negative. Even if it's just at this current moment, right that was reinforced the fact that negative and you're asking them as an outsider. They're Going about you, but you're responding to this situation. Like if you're an outside and you're going to ask this person saying hey, what makes you think that I'm negative, but he'll know what he is. Oh, yeah, that's the thing. Okay, so if he's positive generally and now today he is negative and somebody a stranger comes up. You're a negative person. Jesus is going to tell himself. I know I'm being negative now because I'm not in my rightful place. That's for so your opinion. You're not adding anything to this. I already know this. I'm not gonna lose any sleep over there. That's it because he knows he knows everybody knows their Under Frosty start saying, you know, like sticking on it and be like you're an asshole. You're just like whoa, like like, you know again, like if somebody has changed you would have heard the First Recording we did they would probably say I'm racist but I don't feel anything that you an asshole based off of the whole dating one maybe right. We forgot that let's go dude. To be honest. I don't think you're an asshole for that one. But you know, I still you know Retreat from that one. What I'm saying is I think we should learn from anything that comes into the perspective one second. The people I'm getting shot here. Bring it back a little bit. Anyway, you were saying my bad. I think that we could learn from anybody that's giving us some sort of like feedback. Okay granted not off you back or good feedback or necessarily something that you could take or not take right, but I do think that even a stranger that doesn't know you will provide some sort of feedback on a situation that you will learn. I learned from yourself. I get look completely. Let's say I get that I do actually I get that I think conversations can happen where you know, you'll learn different things. You can teach each other at stranger could teach you something new but a stranger can't provide that Insight on you on what really is deep. Yeah, you know what? I mean? Basically, yes, let's just say sports, right? He doesn't know you he looks at your performance. He can leave feedback clicking give you feedback particular. That's something that's neutral. All right, because its physical it's clear like a performance again an activity you can go from there. But once it goes to the core, yeah of you being a I don't know a sad person a lot of energy somebody could come and see me today or see you there's moments where like, oh, you don't have a lot of energy exactly. See you're laughing cause you know, you have full of energy but there's days where you're tired. Yeah, I get that. Maybe maybe interesting because while we're talking about I'm thinking so like a therapist who's technically a stranger, right? It was helping you find that inside. I'll give it to you under there. They're trained. They're paid for that and we actually seek their advice because there's someone who the people that we don't know and we want so objective me coming from a psychology background, right? I'll tell you two lines to that and you'll understand so first and foremost, we spoke about anger at the beginning and we said talking about it. Just talking the stocking you don't need fun interrupted. That's it. I'm so flattered. The psychologist is already there for that. Yeah, and then you add micro Expressions body language and keep in mind you're talking to him. So you're giving him the information. Yeah, it's not a stranger that just catches you at a moment where you're not necessarily there. No Express. I just was thinking about along the lines if I won't just gonna play Devil's Advocate, but that's the good thing about psychologists where there's that's why they're so popular right now is because they do not know you so there's not a preconceived idea of you and whatever. They will create at the beginning. Its you feeding them that so you telling them your opinion and stuff like that and after a couple of seances he's going to be able to tour down certain Illusions smoking mirrors because there's a big difference between who you are who you think you are people think exactly so because of that coming from an outside, sometimes it's better because you're the one telling him your issues your stuff like that compared to a guy that doesn't know you and he's coming. And just blurting she likely and then he's just jumping to conclusions. Literally. Yeah, I got that I make sense. That's why so anyway to just to put a long story short. Everybody has anger everybody goes to phases or issues and life now. Is there a magical formula of ways or best ways to to filter that anger or two actually get to where you want to be at quicker. Okay. So what I just want to say four people out there that are dealing with anger issues, you know, just do you don't keep it inside talk about it, you know in if you talk with yourself your mean talk with your friends with your family, right like goat music, you know, like just find any evidence because we're killing ourselves inside, right? And there's no point that making yourself suffer and it because you end up making the people around you suffer, and then you're going to beat on your If even more, you know, so like my own thing that I could say is just really just try and learn from your anger and that knowledge that you gain of that anger. No knowledge of self or knowledge of people that you know or knowledge, which would be knowledge of your triggers right just learn to use that to curve. You know what I mean, the the effects of anger and know what to stay away from who to stay away from Um, and it's another has great definitely there's sometimes people that are not helping the situation at all, you know, he's putting a lot of pressure on you extra pressure pointing out the negative and stuff like that. And if you can actually isolate them and figure them out, you know, you you eliminate to ready some some weight on the balance on my my end. I think the only way to deal with anger is finding Is for you to make sure not to get to that state of anger. So learning how to have an outlet beforehand right learning how to control yourself on that outlet writing it down working out do anything that makes you meditation that it helps you a lot that lets you not express express it in a healthy way, right? Let's put it in that if you can. I can't really comment on it because I'm still working on my anger issues. So how are you working on you? Actually curious since you're the youngest one here, you're the process. I was here my God that I really wanted to know. Okay, so I've been very quiet because I am still working on it and I get very emotional when it comes to this because of the fact that everything I have been through it explains my anger, but people don't know so and I have a very hard time expressing myself. And sometimes no matter what I say, it could be positive or negative people would always ask me but why are you so aggressive? But you know, what is I know why it's important for her to but no but it's just like sometimes I would just say like a random sentence and people are like, but why are you mad why but I was not mad at the moment. It's just the way I express myself and the way it comes out of my mouth. It makes people think that I'm mad. So I have been working on expressing myself in a A more gentle way, I guess do you feel that that's being true to you. I don't know. I can't answer that because I really do not know. I'm still I've been working on this issue for a long time and I just think that one day maybe I can answer all these questions but right now I'm still feeling the anger. But what do you think that's just is a better. I sometimes think it's better and then something happens and I just flipped and flipped my shit and then I'm like, oh fuck. I just went back to like from day one. So now I have to find other ways to cope with my anger. I think it's so important that you're saying this even though you said you're being quiet because you still doing with the stuff. I think this is actually wearing because this is what most people are going through, right? Yeah that Are that are that they don't know how to express it. All right, so you verbalizing it right. Now, you're taking you taking ten minutes. It's hard, especially with like depression and anxiety and you have you have all these different factors in life and you just I mean I'm going with the flow, but at the same time I need to make some changes I get to guide the photo right have to guide them in a way. But how how can you look I did it in a way like I have to learn how to guide my own. On my own. Yeah, that's that's what you mean. You know, there's this there's this expression that says you can't control the wind but you can control your sale. Yeah, so it's pretty bad. Yeah, so it's pretty much that exactly right. So you're going through these things. And again, I'm not saying you're going to get it first time. Maybe not even the second sure for sure. Yeah, but you have to like, you know, right now you have anger issues on specific points now counting to ten is one step. Yeah unless it's helped me but and I have a tendency of blacking out. So so you like your body literally shut down. Yes. So I when I get when you get me to that state you would probably need to run because I'm not thinking I'm just going is there specific actions that get you to that trigger you triggers the way that was your thing? I don't think I'm comfortable sharing it, but it's just it's I can give you maybe one example, if it's I feel like someone's attacking me. That's when I get to the finals Road exactly what that's when I get to defense mode and then I just I black out and I don't know like I have no control over what's about to happen. So sometimes I do walk away. So when it comes to family friends that are family or whatever like that I care about them. I will try my best to walk away, but sometimes it's just Just so much that it just you know, my doors always open for you, right? Thank you so much younger. So I am learning from you guys. It's just that I need to find my own way. You're not exactly so at your age probably always worse to be honest again, because I was very bad in my teens and probably beginning of 20s. I was really back to me was end of twenties and of He's mid-30s. Yeah afterwards. It was I had my face was the worst because I didn't know how to spell. Yeah, that's it. Not yet had had multiple phases in this and I had my 20s and then I had one my separation happen. Yeah, it was your teens weren't like the best not either. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. I was really angry because of many reasons and it was badly expressed anger. And at that time that was the only way I knew how yeah and keep in mind most of the times I was Always surrounded by people that had their shit together. So was really complicated because I saw that the end game that I wanted to be at, but I didn't know how to get there like the think I made you more Angry to exactly like that cause I'm like, you know was putting doubts to myself or my good person everybody saying this that and blah blah blah and I was really misunderstood until this day. I'm still misunderstood, but the big difference is but I'll bring it back to you. Yeah. Okay don't ever stop. Working on yourself for sure. Don't do it for other people. No, that's for sure. That's perceive you yeah, that's the one thing because that's why I ask like, how do you feel like do you feel you're being true? You know, but it's delivery in a way. I feel like I have to do it for people because it's I get very aggressive I get very violent said that is like it's for other people's safety school is but as for myself or are you at the end of the you think she's really nice. It's for you at the end of the day is not for them because it's the consequences that will fall upon you of course, not the ACT. It's not hurting somebody. Yeah that her going to jail because she crazy I know it is for me because I do know that when these things actually happen where I flip my shit I have a seat after and then I'm like, oh shit, what did I just do but so the next step is to actually a Void that's not bad that's standing up. I should sit down all the time. No, no, but that's eventually where we get to that Enlightenment. I guess or it's a little bit more easier to avoid the situation is when you see the triggers coming, correct, right? So when you start seeing situation certain, you know signs that shit is about to get down. Yes, you take your Step Back in Balance, but it's very especially for my entourage is very easy. Well, I think when I'm very quiet like Very quiet and just sitting in a corner, you know that I'm trying to calm the fuck down because I can't be in that situation to a Next Level. Just leave remote. It brings you anxiety it brings you pain a big frustration. So I know you said it's a guy thing, but it's something that could be applied by anyone. Yeah, I just don't think I just don't know if that's the most easiest solution itself walking away is the easiest the best way that is actually worthwhile should come easy in the sense. I know you say walk around walking away because that's how that's our mentality. Hmm. I get that for them because they to please so that's different. But the same time at the same damn time or any of these other people who are the situation around in the Situation's, you know doing what needs to be done for you to feel better or be better. I I feel like they would but even if like collectively like everyone including the person was no maybe not collectively walk away like, you know, if you would stand up right now and leave who will love you will understand. How would be like, okay she's going through a letter by letter. That's fine. The people that like my God if you want to understand the other person we live in a society. So everybody's understanding people right? Everybody has different issues different triggers different things that irritate them now if I get to know you write more and more and more and more and I see that you become silent for example and stuff like that. I'm not going to do the opposite and common bug you out let it go fishing. That's the thing. I would literally come and tell you is like go home go go go. I'll do love. And respect because you know me because you know how I am because so stop trying to please people that don't know you that's what he's trying to tell you right now, but I'm the pleasing the people that I love is how it makes me happy in a way good sewing you love making them happy. Yes. I'm not talking about like if we're in a club or whatever and pleasing everybody in the club know I'm talking about the group that I'm going with for example, seeing them happy would make me happy. But then why are you in a corner? And it's just like maybe a situation happened. There's someone said something and then the trigger I needed I needed a woman. So take that moment exactly. What I do take that moment. I just maybe I don't leave I could come back should start doing yeah, you can only take a walk. If you come back here. I can come back and it's simple I forgot something called me back. I forgot something in the car. She handles her stuff comes back when she's okay. And then we I think that's a good action to take that's what yeah. Yeah, love you and then everybody else I know but I do love myself but it's hard. Well loving yourself is different levels and stages to it. Right and I absolutely love myself. No, I know. Yeah what a lot. I love it. I love the people around me too. And I thought Me Love You More you would make me happy and so in conclusion, in other words, love yourself. Yeah, discover yourself know yourself love it and all these anger or the situations could be I think here that must be a hand of Applause. But just you know work on yourself the more, you know yourself the more you're going to be able to avoid. Add certain situation the best way you can or even if you fall into these traps, at least you'll have some one of the tools the confront them better somebody give this man a round of applause, please wait, wait, wait, wait, where's the Applause? Here you go. Thank you very much. Don't forget to ask for help. Exactly. Yeah be afraid to talk. If you need whatever just do it phone call away from text me call medium me lighting my DMs and whoever's listening to this to be honest to and against professionals. When definitely not professionals is just thoughts and confessions people who care but I'm definitely open to get calls DM's if I can you just be there take you out for coffee or whatever. I'll definitely be like 12 coffees a day told them to death. And on that note that was thought in confession.