Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most about becoming a better nurse. Verse about having the tools to care for your patients in the most optimal way experience. There are some nurses out there that think that they can skip this step they can just go from being an honor someone who has no idea what the fuck nursing is about and all of a sudden be an advanced practice provider just become an advanced practice nurse in two three years flat they may or may not go through some direct entry program or they may or may not go through a traditional bachelor's program and then they just go right into the master. Stirs level or doctorate level education and they just skip the experience part. There's no amount of academic education. No amount of academic information out there that can substitute or replace good old-fashioned blood on your hands dirty in between your fingers experience. And I think that's what we're missing that somewhere. I don't know why. Why I know a lot of nurses out there. Maybe they don't want to work at the bedside. Maybe they want to work in a clinic or they don't want to do the the bedside the clinical aspect of the job for however many years and I can respect that if that's not what you want to do. It's fine. But you knew what you were getting into when you signed up nursing school is it just scratches the surface it tells you What is expected of you getting out there and working the job is when you actually learn what life is really like. I know I've said it before that nursing school does not prepare you at all because it doesn't real life nursing is grueling gruesome loud obnoxious painful and downright smelly. So, how are you going to know what you like what you don't like what you're good at what you suck at if you don't. Wow experience to happen or if you try to you know shortcut that concept shortcut that time frame. I don't know what the optimal number of years of experience is in order to advance your degree or an order to go wherever it is you want to go. I do know that nothing is nothing else is a substitute. I can tell you from experience ha ha good one joke, I can tell you from experience that I thought I knew what I wanted to be. What kind of a nurse I wanted to be. I thought I knew what I see you nursing was like or what the ICU life was like I thought I knew what travel nursing was. I thought I knew what it was like to function as a nurse there in those first several years and it isn't until like year four or five where you really start to get comfortable. When your skin where you learn what you're good at what you suck at and you start to learn where you want to plant your feet where it is that you want to you want to stake your claim in the world of nursing because the world of nursing is just fast. There's so many different things you can do once you become a nurse and if becoming an advanced practice nurse is what you want to do, dude. I'm all for it. But that's the idea. You have to advance your experience. So therefore you have to get the experience first, and I don't know wire where along the line somebody thought it was okay to skip that part to skip the quote-unquote experience part. Or to try and short change it or to you know, Whittle it down to the bare minimum and I think that's what bothers me is that everybody wants to know what's the bare minimum to get me by so that I can move on to the next step there isn't one. Experience trumps everything the more experience you have the better prepared you are it's just that simple you can ask anyone as we grow as we experience The Good the Bad the Ugly the painful the Blissful the funny the sad the crying the the cumbersome responsibility. That we sign up for when we when we become a nurse. You can't there's no way to to learn that in a book or in an online module or in a classroom. You can't learn that anywhere else but literally touching patients. Literally physically assessing someone and learning the difference between what looks good. And what doesn't look good understanding the normal so that you can recognize the abnormal. Having and developing the coping mechanisms to deal with the difficult patient or the difficult co-worker or the difficult provider Doctor Surgeon Consulting service being able to diffuse an aggressive patient. You learn these things through experience and we're going to dive into each one of those Concepts one at a time and I'll offer my suggestions on what I do. But but what I do is not always the right thing to do. I'm no expert there are plenty ways to do a better than the way that I do it. But I do have a good bit of experience that has taught me some of the wrong ways to do things. And I'm going to continue to say it the wrong way to do things is to not gain the experience the wrong way to do things is to skip that step. You want to know how much experience you need the more the better? I can't put a year or a number on it. You'll know when it's enough. I think you have to look at the bigger picture. You have to look at the end goal or where you plan on Landing. If you plan on Landing as an advanced practice provider in a high critically ill scenario where you want to be an advanced practice provider in the ICU. Then you better get upwards of five years of experience in that environment experiencing the highs and the lows so that you can manage Those patients and be able to direct their care from the top down. That was the one thing that I think that that I'm most proud of is that I forced myself to gain as much experience as possible and it benefited me in every way and my perfect fuck. No do I do I always do it do it the right way. No is my way the best way not always but I am the some of my experiences and I think that I think I do a pretty good job. I think I have a lot to to share with you and a lot of A lot of stories that are going to explain why doing something this way or my way is oftentimes the wrong way. What do you think do you do you do you do you know of nurses who are out there trying to skip the step to try and minimize this thing we call it experience. And are you in agreement with me? Do you think that nurses should have more experience before they decide to take that next step and ultimately how much experience is enough experience? Leave me a message head on over to Anchor. You can send me a message there. You can also find me on many of my social media platforms and always if you listen to this on any of your podcasting apps, hopefully you leave me a comment or review and a rating. Rambling on on this one. I'm a little tired still recovering from a horrible six weeks of shifts. until next time make sure you check your own pulse first.