Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and pronouns andAnd we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him pronouns, and I used to religiously watch Scooby-Doo. It is my favorite cartoon ever. I'm Jess they/them pronouns and I would say it's a cross. I don't know. I don't know if it's a cross but both The Simpsons and BoJack Horseman are right up there The Simpsons, however Like, you know got a few decades on it and didn't like stab me in the heart. So that's it's got that going for it Thalia. She her this is really hard because I love cartoons God. I'm gonna go with an flux one is super fucking weird and I think it really so much of my love of weird anime. I'm a witch. I'm outing myself right now. That's an anime first Natalie. But I do enjoy anime not weep. I don't we so, I'm really excited to do this work today. I am super annoying about trying to get everybody to read. Joe Collins High, so I'm really glad that we are covering one of her really important works today and it's really important because it was really controversial specifically because she had views on the family unit that were not popular at the time and probably are still not super popular except for it to me. So this essay was first published in 1920, and it's one of Colin ties more. It's one of her Her Works, which is fantastic. And that's why we're doing it today. So she was the only non Man member of the Bolshevik Central Committee and her work is unique in the realm of marxist theorist as she often relays her points through works of fiction, the illustrate the perspectives of non men written and accessible language for working people and it's really unfortunate that a lot of the people that she wrote These works for and never actually got to read it because she was ostracized due to her focus on sexuality morality. And the Reformation of the idea of the family unit. So with that in mind, we'll go ahead and get into the text. Our first section here is women's role in reproduction, its effect upon the family and in this section, it's not very long. But essentially what Colin tie is illustrating is that the old family unit social model is no longer useful. So the Economy itself doesn't depend on wives doing domestic labor in the marketplace being sold basically then giving their labor power for free and being sold in the marketplace. So at this point wives are now working and in the factories and the economy doesn't depend on their exploited labor anymore in order to function. I just had a question. There's a part in here where she says Divorce by mutual agreement. Now takes no more than a week or two to obtain. Do any of you know what it was like to get a divorce if it wasn't mutually agreeable. I think it didn't happen. So the core I got here is she says divorce has been made easier in Soviet Russia the decree of the Council of people's commissars issued on the 18th of December 1917 means the divorce is no longer a luxury that only the rich can afford henceforth A working woman will not have to petition for months or even years. To secure the right to live separately from a husband who beats her and makes her life a misery with his drunkenness and uncouth Behavior divorced by mutual agreement now takes no more than a week or two to obtain and these are often referred to the time as no-fault divorces. So it does appear that it's somewhere between a couple weeks and a couple months is the amount of time that it takes. Yeah, so previously she was saying that it could even take years to get a divorce but I think it was entirely contingent upon whether the husband wanted to get divorced or not. And that's reflected. Also in the Western World at the time and still now and still not right. Yeah. It's kind of it's been a year and a half. Holy shit. Yeah. So the UK is currently looking at implementing easier divorces for a very long time. The only reason you could get a divorce was for Adults are a current divorce law requires. You need to give evidence of one or more of five things. And three of them are based on fault and two of them are like when you're separated for a certain amount of time instead, so it's like two years or five years and the other reasons. I don't worry unreasonable behavior or desertion, but that's like this current. Yeah, that's that's what the law currently is. So like the UK is looking at changing it to make it. It's Not someone's fault for the divorce. They're trying to like take away that aspect of blame to make it easier for families to move on after a divorce, but it's still a hundred years behind the Soviet Union. Yeah, seriously that kind of sums up that section though. She says there's no point in not facing up to the truth the old family in which the man was everything and the woman nothing the typical family where the woman had no will of her own no time of her own and no money of her own is changing before our very eyes, but there's no need for alarm. It is only Ignorance that leads us to think that the things we are used to can never change. Nothing could be less true than the saying as it was so it shall be so yeah, I appreciate that because I think we hear so much like traditionalism, especially when it comes to this topic about. Well, this is the way it's always been I mean for one it hasn't but then also it's just there's no reason to be worried because this isn't the only way that humans can function. Ian and she goes in to demonstrate that like that part really stuck out to me because I keep on thinking about these old older communist now who are essentially turfs and do you know what I mean? Like they think there's like some war against women when you allowed trans people to exist and it's like you folks need to read this that was written hundred years ago. That shit changes get over it like yep and fact column Ty says that we're used to the fact that a young girl is expected to remain a virgin until marriage or a tribes where it is a pride to have had many lovers and where the women decorate their arms and legs with the corresponding number of bracelets want to be part of that. I know right? I really prefer that to Purity culture. But I also I felt like this was almost like the mission statement here or like the thesis of the of the paper. She says our job is to decide which aspects of our family system are outdated and to determine which relations between the men and women of the working and peasant classes and with rights and duties would best harmonize with the conditions of life in the new workers Russia that which is in be with the new life should be maintained while all that is old and outdated and derives from Cursed Epoch of servitude and domination of landed Proprietors and capitalists should be swept aside together with the exploiting class itself from the other enemies of the proletariat and the poor. Amen. I mean this section particularly just brings us right to caliban in the Witch and and the accumulation on the bodies of women. I mean, we're talking about undoing all of these processes that had to happen to build this patriarchal capitalist Society. In the next section, I even actually made a note saying primitive accumulation and like highlighted a whole paragraph because it's exactly what we're reading and caliban and the which only it's Colin tie didn't have the, you know feminist movement of phrasing and activity in order to like frame her argument around like federici has and so she's just making the blatant factual argument about primitive. Accumulation of women because realistically we all know we're working for free. So it's not like it's a surprise to us that our labor is being exploited. So one thing she also says in this section and I felt like I extremely heavily identified with she says what kind of family life can there be if the wife and mother is out at work for at least eight hours and counting. The traveling is away from home for 10 hours a day. Her home is neglected the children grow up without any material care or sorry maternal care spending most of the time. Out on the streets exposed to all the dangers of the environment the woman who is wife mother and worker has to expend every ounce of energy to fulfill these roles. She asked to work the same hours as her husband in the in some Factory printing house or commercial establishment. And then on top of that she has to find the time to attend to her household and look after her children capitalism has placed a crushing burden on women shoulders. It has made her a wage worker without having reduced her cares as a housekeeper or mother woman staggers beneath the weight of this triple load she suffers her. Face is always wet with tears life has never been easy for a woman but never has her lot been harder and more desperate than that of the millions of working women under the capitalist yolk in his Heyday of factory production. Oh, yeah. I'm fortunate that. Nothing has changed literally. Nothing to say. We're still here. That's my life. Yeah, it's even the exact same amount of travel time. And yeah makeshift length. Yeah. I don't have kids either so I or a husband so like when I did have a husband I totally get it. Like I can't even imagine having a child on top of it. There's like right not enough time in the day. There just isn't enough time for anything. Like right now, I'm essentially working two jobs. So I'm watching my child and also doing this. Because I don't have time to not be pulling double duty. I think that's basically that whole section. So the next section is housework ceases to be necessary. And in this one she is telling us about how the collective labor of the workforce has replaced the need for several types of intensive domestic labor by employing workers to do tasks that wives used to do like mending and spinning wool and linen making In jams, she says candles those sorts of things are now available because they were made in factory settings or in the marketplace where the worker can just go pick it up and she says this is the section that I highlighted about primitive accumulation. She says in our grandmother's day. All this domestic work was necessary and beneficial. It ensured the well-being of the family the more the Miss Mistress of the house applied herself the better the peasant or Craftsman's family lived even the national economy. Benefited from the housewives activity for the woman did not limit herself to making soup and cooking potatoes IE satisfying the immediate needs of the family. She also produced such things as cloth thread butter Etc, which had a value as Commodities that could be sold in the market and every man, whether peasant or worker tried to find a wife who had quote hands of gold for he knew that a family could not get along without his or without this quote domestic labor the interests of the whole nation. And we're involved for the more work the woman and the other members of the family put into making cloth leather and wool the surplus of which was sold in the neighbouring market the greater the economic prosperity of the country as a whole and so I think she really lays out how dependent the economy was on exploited labor of women specifically that woman's value as a wife was contingent on their ability to be good domestic laborers. And here we're talking about how the relations of production directly translate onto like the family relations. This is the the dialectical relationship between the mode of production and the social relations that we all exist under on the family level. So this one thing we need to consider as well, which is the type of the form of family which exists as well as a strong socially conservative portion of the population across like North America and will probably the global North I believe that the nuclear family is the kind of ultimate perfected mode of having a family. Whereas other cells work that women were having to do previously. This could have been shared among an extended family. There's evidence of nuclear families exist in as long ago as 4600 years ago in the Stone Age, but to call it the traditional family is it's often cause as it's often called by conservatives. I guess it's pretty disingenuous because I'd say for much more of the time between then and now Now the extended family has been it's been a more popular way or a more common way of raising a family. right So she does move on to say that the family no longer produces and that it only consumes and that's where she's demonstrating this shift. And now she's saying that the family model as a means of upholding Society is with their domestic labor is just no longer necessary at all. And so women in in Russia at the time have lost their necessity of being exploited labor workers for the family and Are just workers for the state and she's starting to explain that well, I guess that baby should have said in the beginning that there are three different concerns that essentially are removing autonomy from women in society and that there need to be a mother there need to be a worker and there need to be a house worker. I think that's what it was. And so she's essentially laying down and explaining why the society no longer has you Use for any of those roles for women and she's explaining now that the domestic labor that wives used to do are no longer done by wives. They're done by just workers in factories and nobody has time to do that stuff anymore. So who would yeah and everything left to two women like sweeping and stuff that all produces creates no new value. Right dead labor. She says that the wives of the rich have long since been freed from those or from these irritating and tiring domestic duties. Why should working women continue to be burdened with them which I thought was a fair a fair thing to say, right because we've talked about this several times things being illegal or unavailable. Those just aren't boundaries or rules that apply to the rich. Those are only rules and boundaries that apply to the working class and they always have been I love her future world of giving working-class women the opportunity to devote her evenings to reading attending meetings and concerts. That is the most ideal life right me personally. That's what I do. That's my life. And I only get it because I'm not married and I don't have kids. Right, but my house is a mess. She even says that like making meals for the family shouldn't be something that mothers or women have to do anymore because restaurants are becoming a thing now is essentially what she was saying, so I thought it was cute the like cute because you know, we're in this capitalist hellscape how she was like women would take their meals in restaurants now and that Community restaurants would just become available. ball all over the place because nobody would have time to cook meals every single day in their homes for just a couple people and I feel like that just makes so much more sense than restaurants now awaiting are like, why would you have 17 Italian restaurants and one Thai restaurant like if this was the people's restaurants you wouldn't mmm I like that idea kitchens. Right? Right. She says thus the four categories of housework are doomed to Extinction with the victory of Communism. And the working woman will surely have no cause to regret this communism liberates women from her domestic slavery and makes her life richer and happier. This is off topic, but just hang your Edition doesn't say liberates worm. Yeah, okay. Sorry. I just thought this section kind of interesting Lee connected back to how this is like about taking the value which you know through primitive accumulation was absorbed by men and it was about devaluing, you know, women's domestic labor and taking them out of the workforce. Now with the proletarian is Mission of women are trying to like restore this value into the hands of women and create a new independent relationship between men and women, right and these like domestic burdens can now be like transformed into like a new domestic Workforce. Right? And because the economy no longer depends on the subjugation of women, we can transition out of that is essentially what she's moving toward here. The next section here is the one that that I highlighted the most in but is also probably the most personally close to my heart because I feel like this is the biggest biggest barrier on women's Liberation right now and and directly ties back to the idea of primitive accumulation on the backs of uterus owners historically. So the section is the state is responsible for the upbringing of children and what she's going over here or the point. She's trying to make is that working parents don't have the time or means to educate and For the new generation of children because now both parents are workers the state provides child care and education as well as support for pregnant and nursing parents and a new relationship between men and women of society is beginning to take hold where men and women see each other as equals and comrades and this enables a new kind of marriage based on comradeship love and mutual respect and replaces the old form of marriage that relied on the servitude of women. She says she starts to talk about how Working Families just don't have the time. Time to take care of children because they're busy working all day long and they end up spending most of their time on the streets and these children end up not having any maternal care and are not getting regular meals and it's just not good for anybody. And so now the state has established these basically centers of care for every life stage of a child's upbringing from the time that the mother gets pregnant until the time. That that child is now a regular working member of society. The state has taken care of every step of that and she talks about and hear that. There are some times in the current world that she's in where poorly off families have to have their children join the workforce as early as 10 years old and that that should not be the way that the family functions. And so is she I think this is something that Anna had quoted and it says that under capitalism children were frequently and too frequently a heavy and unbearable burden on the proletarian family. I think we kind of are afraid to admit that socially as parents because there's so much stigma about being able to do it on your own but like realistically being a parent is extremely difficult and especially with absolutely no social support for the caring of your child. And so this was like This is like the dream reading this section totally like Collective childcare like actual emphasis on people's education. I love she just says communist Society will come to the aid of the parents after that what you just quoted. Oh and just as housework, will there's a way so the obligations of parents to their children whether away gradually until finally Society assumed the full responsibility. Come on society. I feel like children and a capitalist Society. I just used as pawns especially in America where the Republicans place so much value on the traditional family quote-unquote and then strip away. All of the state aid for children, like it's just disgusting and vile what even Democrats do the same because they they also vote to strip way, like boot Aid and support Charter Schools instead of public schools and they always say like children are our future yet. They just rip away that future from them. Yeah, and Colin tie goes into that too. She says the worker is weighed down by his family cares and is obliged to compromise with capital the father and mother are ready to agree to any terms when their children are hungry. I thought had that highlighted to I mean, that's absolutely the truth. And so the family unit gives the capitalist even further control over the working parents because there's leverage she also talks about how even in capitalism schools are starting to take over the education of our children, but the ruling class is afraid to go too far to destroy the family which is so useful to them. Yeah, absolutely. I was thinking how that connects back to like how the relations of the production have demanded like the even under capitalist Society. They demanded a new form of family. But like you said they will only go so far until it starts to hinder their own form of extractive production. So I highlighted a large section here, but I really love it. And so I'm going to read it. It says communist Society considers the social education of the rising generation to be one. the fundamental aspects of the new life the old family narrow and Petty were the parents coral and are only interested in their own offspring is not capable of educating the new person the playgrounds Gardens homes and other amenities were the child will spend the greater part of the day under the supervision of qualified educators will on the other hand offer an environment into which the child can grow up a conscious communist who recognizes the need for solidarity comradeship mutual help and loyalty to the collective what responsibilities are left to the parents when they no longer have to take charge of upbringing and education the very small baby. You might answer while it is still learning to walk and clinging to its mother's skirt. Still needs her attention here. Again, the communist state hastens to the aid of the working mother no longer. Will there be any woman who are alone the workers State aims to support every mother married or unmarried while she is suckling her child and to establish maternity homes day nurses and other such facilities in every city and Village in order to give women the opportunity to combine work and Society. With maternity was like the dream, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's a the start of the episode. We kind of we generally agreed that regarding the conditions Collins. I was illustrating at the start of the base. Nothing's really changed for women and I think this is definitely true but it's maybe more accurate for us to say that nothing's changed for women under capitalism and just to acknowledge that the massive strides that were made for women under socialism even So in the countries with socialism was overthrown, it's not that nothing changed at all. But just at the games that were Maids though, of course, they were still far from far from being perfect. They were rolled back, right and the end of here. She basically is talking more about the relationship between men and women and about how now that we no longer have this lens of exploitation. We don't To have relationships that are exploitative. She says communist Society has this to say to the working woman and working man. You are young you love each other. Everyone has the right to happiness. Therefore live your life. Do not flee happiness. And she says do not fear marriage, even though under capitalism marriage was truly a chain of Sorrow. Do not be afraid of having children Society needs more workers and rejoices at the birth of every child. You do not have to worry about the future of your child. Your child will now or will know neither hunger nor cold communist Society takes care of every child and guarantees both him and his mother material and moral support. It just I really loved this part because what drew me to call entire originally was that unlike a lot of marxist theorist. She really thinks about how we function personally and how we need to change the way we do that in order to change the way. Society functions and she talks about in place of the old relationship between men and women a new one is developing a union of affection and comradeship a union of two equal members of communist Society both of them free both of them independent and both of them workers. No more domestic bondage for women no more inequality within the family. Affection really got to me that hurt my heart. Yeah it it's weird because I'm for pretty much every relationship. I've been in I've been the breadwinner. So it's really weird. It's a weird burden to be played like weird really weird situation to be in and And I've always felt like this is she just described like what my dream is like marriage will be a union of two persons who love and trust each other and comrades but also Partners right hashtag relationship goals. And then later on she says this is just fire what she says is the free and honest Union of men and women, who are Lovers and comrades prostitution will disappear like she views marriage under capitalism as essentially prostitution, which there's some truth to that there have been like numerous articles, right? Especially after the 2008 crash about how people will stay in marriages or stay in abusive relationships because they can't afford to get their own place. They can't afford to live on their own. Yeah, it's still a very real issue and I agree with her that yeah, it is essentially prostitution. Right? Well and she says in the sentence before or like earlier in the paragraph that instead of the conjugal slavery of the past communist Society offers women and men of free Union which is strong in the comradeship which inspired it. And so she actually she called it conjugal slavery. Yeah. I mean I highlighted so much of the slack said uh section it's so Ed but I just I felt especially touched by the way that by the way that she talks about removing these burdens and this lens of exploitation just completely changes the way we treat each other. She says there are no more or there is no more room for the old proprietary attitude, which says these are my children I owe them all my maternal Solitude or solicitude and affection. Those are your children. There are no concern of mine and I don't care if they go hungry and cold. I have no time for other children. She says the her mother must learn not to differentiate between yours and mine. She must remember that there's only our children the children of Russia's communist workers. Totally teared up at that part. No, it's totally not how it is today. You know, I wish yeah, it's like so beautiful to think about a world in which these like unfortunately through capitalism love turns into this kind of transactional relationship where like people end up feeling stuck and you know, even in abusive relationships like we were talking before you're financially dependent on people and it just with all these laws put in place to make it impossible for people to flee these exploitative and power imbalances that are Parent in capitalism and love it's just you know, it's a window into a beautiful world. I think it's interesting to see the contrast between how the USSR treats its mothers and people who had many children compared to how for example the UK the media here and I guess a lot of the general population looks at people who have many many children, like people have lot of kids that are often seen as a drain on society particularly if they're claiming Aiming benefits and now now in the UK we have a benefit cap where I think you're only allowed to have only allowed to claim benefit for two children. And if you have more children, like it doesn't affect the amount of money that you receive whereas the inverse was during the Soviet Union like the mock children you had the more money you had received because they've really placed value in raising children. They even had a couple of dead a couple of awards available to to mothers who had raised a lot of kids. There was the maternity metal which was intended for women who had five to nine children. And then there was the mother heroin Awards, which was awarded to you on the birth of your tenth child's providing Michael nine were either still alive or I died doing something like in heroic circumstances or or in in war or something like that. But yeah, there's like a special award was given to people who traced. Well, I mean five five to nine children you are given an award but then An extra and godmother heroin, which was I think about four hundred and thirty thousand women were given this title while it existed God. That's a lot of babies inverse view on on maternity. Wow. Like here, it's like it's a freak Show and like wow, we're treated as like yeah, like even one child is like only are a drain on society. Oh, thanks see here in America. It's if you're white and have a lot of kids, that's fine. But if you're a person of color and have a lot of kids that's when the stereotypes come in like, you know what I mean? Well, like if you're white and have a bunch of kids also. TV show that's Entertainment. Yep. You have like fucking reality shows made about you. If you're right why you don't have a lot of killers and I mean just the audacity of this state who wants to demonize people who want to have a lot of kids, but at the same time make abortion illegal and then demonize people who want benefits to look after kids that they've been forced to have. It's it's just insane. America is not great not great at all. Yeah. Yeah about America. That's what I listen is not from America. It's not recommended three stars would not recommend to a friend. At good so I think that kind of like brings us. The first question we have is how do childcare and pregnancy and maternity laws of the present compared with those of the USSR and Colin ties time, and I think we mostly covered that already but I think the overwhelming take their at least my personal interpretation would be that all of the gains that had been made in the USSR and like the the gdr are Essentially lost once capitalism moves in and that's basically what we're living in right now. We have no support whatsoever when it comes to being a mother and a worker. Yeah. We live in hellscape right now. It's true like just especially living in Missouri where they've essentially outlawed abortion. And then we have only one Planned Parenthood, which is in St. Louis that does abortions and that's unlike the Border. Like the the eastern border of Missouri. So if you're living in like three hours away in the state and we have all these Draconian laws like it's pretty much a they've made it impossible to get an abortion in Missouri and its really fucking terrifying. So horrible absolutely horrible. Okay. So the second question is do you agree with the author's opinions regarding the utility of the traditional family unit and you agree with the author's opinions about prostitution why or why not? I agree with her opinion of marriage being prostitution under capitalism for the most part. I don't think all marriages are like that but a lot of them are and I mean, I think the point she was trying to make is just that as we move into communism or as we move away from capitalism. Our relationships are going to change in a radical way to All of them. Yeah, they said a lot of different ways of being involved in a family and the nuclear family that I mentioned earlier. It's obviously not the only one I think that the main problem is it's not like what form of family that you're living in its what political system you're living under. I think the main contradiction is needed to change the mode of production that people are living under Yeah, I think it's a lot about how the the modes of production and our relations of production connect back to our social relations and how we're trying to undo these transactional relationships that create these imbalances and are really part of bolstering patriarchal society so that we can make love a more equal thing. However, you've you love for yourself and for others, I would say I also agree with with Colin ties opinion on the traditional family unit. I don't think it has utility aside from basically a form of control over the working parents and exploiting labor from the mothers traditionally had at least as far as the way that call and I brought up prostitution in this light. I do absolutely agree that it is essentially conjugal slavery. I think my comrades before me just Change that restructuring the way that our economy and our society functions is exactly what we need to do to liberate all workers, whether they're women or men or you know, a hundred years later. We recognize the there aren't totally two genders, but in 1920 that was not necessarily the way people wrote. So I do want to make that point that whenever Colin tie is mentioning women or whenever we're mentioning women in this context were referring to the way that Colin tie is referring to women and that is essentially All that were perceived as women socially so that would have been uterus owners at the time. We recognize that is not the definition that is accurate at all. So yeah, I think that restructuring our society is exactly what needs to happen and like Anna said every one of our relationships is going to have to change in order to make that happen. So the last question we have is why do you think these ideas were considered radical at the They were like the complete opposite of what a family was like under a capitalist Society or under a czarist Russia. They were like flipped upside down like must have been like insane to like go from quote unquote traditional family to what Colin tie is saying is like we're all in this together. We'll take care of your child. Don't worry about it be a fully formed human. Being that's not tied to work and your labor at all times, right? Yeah, and these are still considered radical ideas as we've said not much has changed for non men in this country. Yeah, like when I was a Union steward, I was doing a contract negotiations and I said, why don't we have on-site daycare for our members and every all the union leadership was like no. No, we can't ask for that we can ask for I don't like why not like you should be able to do that for our workers. It didn't seem that insane to me. But and that was only a couple years ago. Definitely. Yeah, and I feel like the only way to truly include parents and your organizing is going to be childcare. Absolutely the first place we need to apply. All this information is in our organizing spaces, right? That's why when I read this I was like we have to do this for book club. Like we have to have people talking about this because like Colin ties, you know, it seems radical because Vastly different from what we're used to but it's not radical in that it can't happen or that these aren't the ways to address changing our society and I think that also what we can take from this is that our interpersonal relationships. Our friendships are comrade ships are Intimate Relationships all of those. We need to change the way that we conduct ourselves in those individually. That is something we can do right now. Now we don't have to wait for a new socialist society to take to take hold. We don't have to live in a communist state in order to treat the other people that we interact with as equals and as comrades and based on mutual respect and the work that we do together. And so I think that's what I took away from this whole piece. That's why I wanted to read it so badly and make an episode about it because I wanted to be able to have people talking about Changing the way that we treat each other on the individual skill right away. DSA for what? It's worth Esa. Some locals have on-site like child watching when there's meetings and activities like someone will watch your kids and I think that as Communists in our organizing spaces, that's something we could do something we could take from that is or have the kids involved in some way. Right? Yes. I'm in I'm not living there now, but my rent is the Union in London would always make sure There is childcare available for when we were having any kind of meeting because the majority of people facing housing problems were mothers. Absolutely. Like how can you possibly expect to reach out to the proletariat when you're not making a space that's environment for any of them with children. Thanks for listening. That was communism and the family by Alexandra Colin tie and we hope you listen to the next episode. Whoo, it's a good I loved it. Thank you so much for joining us Anna you guys you guys did good. Thank you for listening to read book club. If you'd like to reach out to us or to stay posted for episode updates. You can find us on Twitter at RBC pod or visit our new website at Red Book Club pod to wordpress.com where you can find our full episode list and resources such as ebook copies of Alexandra: ties communism and the family which would just been reading as well as the Future Works that we have planned in our Marxist feminist series and more if you'd like to join the book club. You can find us on our patreon patreon.com / red book club where you can gain access to our Discord server where we meet every Sunday to discuss what we've been reading and key to the crepe with openness to record and to Kenan fro intro theme. Join us again next time for more from our series on works by Marxist feminist. Thanks again for listening and see you next time solidarity forever. Joe working man's wife. That's how I was defined. As if that was my life my hope and my mind but I worked in a big shot. Did the housework at night? And there was no time to stop for a young bird in Flight. Well in time there were baby. And I had to make us a home Joe is working two jobs, and I was always alone it sometime. Just to keep my right mind just to try to stay home. When to work in a factory and you know, it's rough in this world. My kids are in high school and don't you know the boss calls me girl woman beside me as we split it says tomorrow is payday. Hey, and the next day is mine. It's a race for the strong. Cause it'll grind up the meek when your money runs short. that the end of a week Working class woman. Hey, that's an old kind of now this system, but you must Well, I know there are answers and I gotta get to the source. I think me and this system got to get a divorce. I can't make enough money, but I'm a hard-working woman. The future is mine. well there's more where I come from yeah and we got anger to burn but we're talking and moving we're gonna study and learn our Unity if today is the Boston What? The future is mine.