Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that butI do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I was in the corporate world and financial services for quite a few years before pursuing my passions in health and wellness about two and a half years ago. So I'm excited to be on and through this career is how I met my friend Joy here. Hi guys. So, you know, what was so fun. We Kathleen and I met at the ncsc. I thought Workshop in Boston how many months ago now? It was back in October. So about five months ago six. Yeah, five months ago five months ago and we kind of both ended up taking this kind of introductory course on a whim we had no idea what we are doing we went in there was two days of really intense studying and we didn't even know are transverse plane from our sagittal plane. Yes. Yeah, and Kathy was so great. She kind of took me under her wing and really pursued me and really made me feel welcome when I felt like such a newcomer. I was coming out of kind of battling some health issues and it was just so kind of hard to just you know, hey, how are you doing? How are those flashcards coming and and then we decided within a week to take the test over each other and that was kind of crazy because we didn't feel ready we didn't but they offered another a second. I'll review class. Bad time we at least had more preparation and we felt like the pros of the second. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and yes, and we both had success. So thank God and this just goes to show that hey guys, if you're ever feeling discouraged her like I can't do it. Sometimes all you need is just a friend and some accountability and anything is possible. Yeah. I'm a big fan of accountability with a lot of things. I do, you know. Just it's hard. It's hard to what I'm finding especially working for myself and not going into an office every day where you have set responsibilities and your report to someone. I mean the time freedom is is everybody wants it but it's really hard to manage your own time, including, you know, setting priorities of what you need to study and just getting the exam on the calendar and getting it done Kathleen you bring up such a Great point because now moving forward where our economy is going people are transitioning to more of a gig and freelance lifestyle. So if you had any advice for people who are maybe considering that or looking on how to optimize their performance, what would you say? Well, I mean, I think everybody like you said that mean it's very popular and sometimes it's a side gig and I'd say if that's an interest to you to have more time Freedom or Financial Freedom to look at a side opportunity where you can earn money some some types of income are what they call residual. So once you once you build a system your you gain income while they sleep Just say but I mean, it's not that it's not hard work, but it's easy to do in pockets of time and from anywhere, you know, some people invest in real estate and get sources of income that way but I think you know find what you're doing. That's something that you're passionate about that if you did, even if you love your current job, you never know when the situation and the tables are going to turn and they may not love you anymore. So having that plan B, but basing it around your passions, I think is the most important thing because you don't mind spending, you know, a lot of time and effort when it's all yours and it's something you love doing. I think that's such strong advice because often times we find ourselves committed to things that we don't necessarily love with our whole heart and I just love with what you're building here in Boston based on your lifestyle around the things that you want to do. And so I thought maybe we could talk a little bit about nutrition and Send your background in that and how you got into it and just maybe some some things that you can share with the listeners. Sure. I mean, I've always been active, you know, in high school and growing up playing sports. And then after college I lived in San Francisco for a few years and I started running a little further than just a few miles and eventually I always knew I wanted being from Boston. I wanted to run the Boston Marathon. So I set that as a goal and actually the hundredth Boston Marathon in 1996 was the only year they offered a lottery for Boston and I was lucky winner. So it was fate that I was meant to run it and I did not very quickly, but there were it was the biggest Marathon they had ever had and must have been really Actually, yeah. Yeah, but I mean it sparked the interest and it's they say it's crazy. But once you do it, it can be addictive and so I ran one almost every year for probably about 10 years and then I ended up doing an Ironman but I ate okay and I filled myself and I think just in general nutrition, especially these boards. Performance nutrition has really evolved as far as what people are aware of and what makes better choices versus just telling you to Carvalho the night before and spaghetti go out to the North End and eat a bunch of spaghetti. But so about five years ago, my friend. I had run the Boston Marathon the first one after my kids and I felt you know, I felt okay, but now the time now there's a sense of I love running but I don't have the time maybe to run but I still want to feel like I can run faster and you know, I'm competitive in that sense. So a friend of mine introduced me to Lifestyle nutrition. It's called Isagenix and really made a big difference. They have a system of nutritional cleansing so Oh, it's a combination of meal replacement shakes and cleanse cleansing your body, but nutritionally supported intermittent intermittent fasting and I won't go into the detail, but it quickly I wanted to maybe lose a few pounds, but it really changed my setting and I feel like now my results. I know that I want to get that quality protein and right after workouts. So you mentioned about you know dancers and really any type of athletes having you know, that quick recovery. I feel like the performance. You know how fast I run. Is a bonus if I'm feeling leaner and stronger, but the recovery because training as you know, you train for multiple hours a day, and if you have to get up the next day and train again, you can't be sore and especially I can be able to push yourself higher. Oh my goodness. Sometimes they get to that Thursday and feel like I've hit a wall. So I really think that we should go into into this a little bit more about talking about Why your nutrition for Recovery is so important? So you were about to say what is like super key in that? Okay say I've just finished a workout. What would in an Ideal World? I'd be doing to recover for my next one. You know for me. I do get a quick shaken and so for whoever it is, I know you eat plant-based whey protein is one of the week. I even had that as one of the on the list of some of the fastest absorbing proteins when we were studying for n CSF, but it's you know, you can make it with other ingredients as well. I mean, I sometimes would make myself a smoothie after Iran, but I had you know juices. Yeah. Well, so but no just you know, but your body Doesn't eat carbs too. So don't think even after carbs are very important refuel, but it's just getting that healthy protein in right away with including protein, but healthy fats are important too as we know for vitamins to be absorbed, you know, resting I see, you know, if you need to ice stretching, of course for me, I've found cross training is really important from the running side and you probably could speak to With dancing the different cross training that you do but I like to teach spend but I do like to bike. I found that when I did my Ironman Triathlon or half Ironman distance has the combination of training for biking and running. I don't I don't run usually back-to-back days at least long distances and you know swimming just other things so you're still getting that. Aerobic balance, but you're doing it in combination. So your muscles don't get those overuse injuries. I think that's really important because a lot of people think that oh if I can just do the same thing, I can do the same thing kind of perpetually and what we know is you got a cycle and you have to look at your training routine and see where you can progress and where you can change it up because the body gets used to doing the same thing and you're not going to To see results and I think especially for dancers we really struggle and I think that the entire institution struggles with the balance between where is the art and where is the science that we can incorporate and we tend to have this mentality of a hundred percent all the time. And that's just a recipe for Bernal eventually and when I was working for myself last year, I really did kind of work a three days on one day off three days on and I found that really helpful. My body and when you work for a company don't really have that luxury. So it's really thinking about hey what muscle groups are becoming a balanced and as some of you guys know, I love running I discovered running three years ago in Korea and I feel like it's really changed my muscular endurance and dancing and I think that's kind of where it Kathleen and I kind of found a mutual Mutual point in love. And I think there's a big stigma in the Dance World about these kind of running berries Orangetheory. There's kind of this like, oh if you're not doing Pilates you're doing too much and I want to challenge that because I think that if your nutrition is, right, you're only going to help yourself by diversifying and strengthening all those muscle groups. So right one. In that I'd like to make two in it goes with recovery, but it's really just overall your state is so many people's bodies are in have inflammation. Oh, this is great. And so for me, that's what the system that obvious. But you know, there's different ways to get there can help you to really get rid of that inflammation as moving your body to be more alkaline. I'm going forward it was that acidic because that's you know processed foods. I mean most Americans so many Americans are eating processed foods and as we know it's convenience is is the name of the game and even price points sometimes but that's a big cause alcohol II mean I still do enjoy, you know my glass of wine here and there but things like that are making our body More acidic even certain foods that you would think are pretty good for you can be more acidic than others but getting that body really that's one thing is my body besides getting the nutrition and right after I don't I'm not starting at a state where things are inflamed and so a hard workouts going to like increase that so I'm going to just reiterate that so that you listeners can really have this point what we want. Our bodies to be alkaline so that we are not inflamed going into our next workout. So that means that we're going to be avoiding processed foods and feeling ourselves and avoiding those things that would cause our body to be more acidic and that's so funny because I was just speaking with one of my colleagues at Boston Ballet and she's like, you know, I'm really trying to avoid coffee because I find them, you know, the more inflamed I am and that coffee just adds to that inflammation. She's showing me this. Supplement that she was taking but you guys if you're interested in Isagenix or supplements of you know, and you have questions feel free to reach out. I will put Kathleen's information and contact info in the description and we'll do a little Instagram post with her and you can you can find her. She's so great and she'll be definitely happy to help you find your unique plan for you because one One Nutrition approach. It doesn't work for everybody and that's why it's so good to have a team your personal team working for you. So finding what works for you takes collaboration. And so don't be afraid to ask questions and ask people who maybe have some insight because sometimes we just tend to go with whatever is convenient and then we're dealing with how do I you know address these symptoms instead of the root cause of the problem and For those of you who are athletes you don't have a problem getting the exercising you have a problem with the recovery and optimization. And so that's what we're addressing here today. And I think Kathleen brings up a great point is you don't you don't want to deal with the problem after it's already gotten so big we like let's let's you know, let's set up some base guidelines. Yeah, I mean, even if if you're not don't consider yourself an athlete just everyday people as we learned, you know health is much more than just are you sick or not? It's really your overall Wellness. So, you know within your lifestyle and what think you mean even with people trying not to get sick from viruses and such. I mean, it's really stress sleep. There's there's so many important factors but nutrition really He plays a game in so many aspects of Fitness in our life. So you just want to wake up feeling good, you know getting after your goals and you can't do that. If one of those pillars is not firing well, so your nutrition is is really important and I'm so happy to have Kathleen come on today to talk about it because especially when I get so many questions from you guys on Instagram, how can I lose weight? How can I do this? I don't know you and Our lifestyle and also frankly. I don't feel like I have the authority to speak on that because the way I live my life wouldn't necessarily work for somebody else. And so Kathleen if for example and this is this is a case that I get a lot and this is quite frankly why I feel kind of intimidated to talk on this subject because I get a lot of questions from teenage pubescent girls asking, you know saying I don't like the way that my body looks in the mirror. And I want to lose x amount of weight. What what should I do? I don't feel like I can comment on but would you have any general recommendations for that population? Yeah, I mean usually when I meet with a new client and or you know even just a friend or I'll ask them what their goals are and weight loss and like really look at the issue because a lot of times you'd be surprised that with a combination of changes in nutrition. You may not even lose weight, but your body could take a different shape, you know, people say The weighs more than fat but it's just the case that it really doesn't weigh more than fat. It just takes less room in your body. So when I first shift it I didn't lose that much weight. But of lost. I've gained more muscle and lost some fat or just shifted around my body. So I think that our body composition and I love that. I'm so much more, you know stronger. I think that there's also needs to be more of an acceptance of where you are right now, especially for those girls who are in your inner pubescent phase you have a lot of hormonal shifting going on. So anything that you can do to reduce the stress, right and the worry that adds to your inflammation as well, but you know, there's people families that have lost weight together and you know, it's not starving Yourself by Means it's just trying to eat healthy at the right times at the right time. The right combinations may be cutting out a few things, but you really don't have to restrict everything. It's just moderation. I think that's such a good piece of advice. Not only for that population that we just address but for everybody in general if you're cutting something completely out. You're going to want to have more of it. So be having Grace with yourself and looking at you know your Daily expenditure your volume what you're doing and then being mindful about what you're putting in and I think that that's just some great words to live by and let me know in the comments or in a direct message. If you'd like to have Kathleen back on the program to talk about a specific subject because that would be fun to kind of go down sort of, you know, Kathleen has such a wealth of knowledge and the financial sphere in the lifestyle mindset. We could even have her on to talk. About yeah, I had to get game ready. Tony Robbins next week. Oh my gosh. I'm leash her power within okay. We'll definitely have to have you back on. Oh, yeah for that. Yeah, and where can people find out more about you if they want to get involved in what are some of the things that you're doing? I will give you my information great right now. I don't have a website that's up and running but I am on Facebook and Instagram, so awesome. They could find me there definitely. Well, thank you so much Kathleen for having us on and give it.