I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So.I got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.My face and did it to time but I look like I have this big ol hickey on my cheek in the perfect and A Perfect Circle. Looks like he's got a ringworm on his cheek. Yeah, Andrew you got a little spot to on your cheek as well. Yeah, this is just a slight what it's not as definite as dark as Nick. So if you guys see Nick around campus or anywhere from one of them, please don't ask me I had to explain it like 30 times a day at work come spot. But so yeah you guys What's the update the two-week update we've been on in two weeks midterms went well midterms one. Well, yeah, my Quantum teacher actually got my grade wrong. Really? Yeah, how does that happen? Thought I had an 80 got a 98 credible and your house your two weeks going good. Yeah, Nick, are they good? I got an A on one of them. I got house art that was just about asked started that fight with my professor today. Well, I because I we're doing like these Self-portrait stenciling type thing and then she told me to do this one thing and I did it and I showed it to her and she goes what the heck is this and I go I did what you told me to do and she's like I did not tell you that start over and I just I just can't do this. I respect people had their whole thing. Yeah. I respect a lot of people that are good at Art because just takes time practice. No. Yeah, you got to have the hand. You just got to have the yamit I shake too much. I've heard tension. That's me hypertension. Josh has hypertension. That would be shaken 24/7. My doctor said I should outgrow it by 25 though. You're like part Chihuahua. What does that mean? I've been getting really into the resting heart rate on the Apple watch. Oh, yeah. He looks like an 80 all the time though. Good, you don't want that looks at that. I know that tells you to breathe when it tells you to bring yeah, I'm sitting down for too long. Please stand up Josh probably stands up in the middle of class. I almost did during work today - what are you doing? The watch is telling me to stand up and gotta stand up. Thank you. And what song you seem a little quiet Anais told Josh that Apple watch. I need to tell them where you got the Apple watch from where'd you get your Apple watch from Nick that I bought off and weird Nick it his Apple gift card from CB mark. Getting pretty sure Ryan mesito shut up. Don't even work there then do what I got to do. We had our final intramural basketball game of the night semifinals man. And I kind of was a tough one. I wanted to beat them so bad. I know it's all right some bad blood between me and you know, who Talked about this with an open book. Why don't you man? It's just a tough subject. On this occasion. How'd your season going after football games you want to like to but you had a good view had a semi good reason to miss something like two shots up on the season. I put one up. I just remember we put in job putting all the subs because we're up by 12:30. Literally literally the last move of the game the first game. It's a very first game it scared me dude. The first of that happened. I was like, I know I'm not playing again. So why we're not bad. We're just short. That's all it is. You think I feel barely taller than you just put me in one game for one possession. I got to rebound dead ball foul on the next end took me out. I remember I was playing it goes the heck. I just got had no you goes Josh was only in for a minute. Oh my gosh. Sorry that corner. Would I be hidden different now? Oh my God, your dessert just a little what are they? Like a cube a little packet of butter butter Cube and some salt delicious just it just melts in your mouth. Literally. I Can't Believe It's Not Butter. You guys everybody on your kid? No never when you did that. I was like what the heck? No I never did. Yeah, I mean it wasn't like oh drink pickle juice. That's about the weirdest thing. I did know you do coffee's little coffee. Nip to know the drink you ever had like the jam packets like that goes on toast. Oh, that's still does that I know what you're talking about. What's it called? Down I used to eat Doritos of ketchup. Yeah, that's weird. Why don't knock it until you've come on my friends. My friends nacho cheese. Yeah, that's kind of weird. My frozen water is a great substitute and I'm just kidding and what I was gonna say sand sand and pretzels the one time I was in the desert really was not really poor just know you oh, I was just dip. It in and obviously standing it on because it's a dry piece of bread pretzel nothing will happen but nothing would happen because it wouldn't stick to hate sin wants never again. I got the worst sore throat. Well the yeah, it's Roxy. It's going down your throat know that that's what they make glass out of that's what they make glass out of you know that Sand really? Yeah, they just get a bunch of the heat up and they are not know that I didn't hear you. Learn something new every day. Sometimes could be an informational podcast. I guess we'll never run out of glass because we have a ton of sand next thing, you know, we're running out of sand and be nice why cause you're a whale You know want to get beached quit spitting water on their heads fit any water on you now. I know you guys are all addicted. Oh not. Yes. I can take a week break right now. Alright, let's just had that you're going to do that after the campaign campaign why it makes them happy. I even played a lot in the campaign. It makes them happy let them play that's like telling not not stunning to that break from you. Make that I can go a week without easy. Let's do it. Okay, put some money on it. We just took a hand how much money you're not complete any video games? No credible for how long? Oh, we said we what's the thing? What's the wager? Well, I'm gonna win. So yeah, how much 20? All right, let's put a band, you know, whatever it takes for World tanks because you need more money. I'll buy you some gold. How about that? Yeah. Yeah fifty dollars of gold then that's a lot the 25 kind of scratch 25. I don't though. Yeah. All right a week. Okay, so we can't play until Thursday at 10 10. Okay. All right, to be honest, too. I will okay. I don't want you waking up at 2 a.m. And getting on a deep sleeper. We know that Z takes 18 melatonin tonight. No, it's a six last night. That's crazy. Out like a light. I'm so glad I didn't say that I was going to why but I wanted the last person to say it. Who's the Lesser person? All right. So I got a question for you guys. Hold on. Let me get it really quick. It would it's would you oh my gosh. Where is it? Hold on. I have a question. I have a question. What do you guys if you guys are dating someone? Do you think it's okay for them to go through your phone? Absolutely, like have their your passcode and everything or do you think it should be all trust base? I don't care if their trust I'm not I'm not on my phone a lot. So I don't care I know but like would you want them knowing it knowing your stuff DJ? Yeah passwords. She knows everything. It's Daniel. I wouldn't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care either. All right, so would you guys listen? They're just they're kind of dumb question. But would you guys rather lose a foot or a hand for 1 billion dollars? You have to choose one 1 billion. Yeah, just a bill what hands losing both hands? Hand your dominant hand. Oh, I'm losing a foot your dominant foot. Yeah for though. I guess you're going to put a stinky old prosthetic leg on it. I can still move and it functions. Well, no. Yes, I'm scared Andrew. Can I still be a cop if I wanted to be a cop if you had a prosthetic leg. Are you could or foot? You just have to have a foot your foot gone. It's just your foot. It's not your whole leg foot our hands my foot. I'm taking a foot you love me. No. No, that's that's a question. What how can you tell a girl takes care of herself her feet? Yeah. Yeah, I'd agree with that. Yeah. Have you ever tried and true? Have you guys ever seen like our feet on her nails? Yeah, it's ever seen someone with like a foot in there like pinky toe. They don't have a nail their pinky toe to - tiny. My dad has like a little calcium deposit their it's not even Alright, so yeah. Yeah, just learn how to do it left-handed left-handed stuff. You know how long that's going to take you not long look at me. I'd be better off with a foot how you going to play video games? I wouldn't play video games. No, how would you live? With my other hands no live with without playing video games. You can play the we only need one him that it's not I probably would be more productive probably go to the gym unlike you how would you for 5 hours instead of four? Yeah. Probably just work out each of my extremities. Okay. All right. All right. Hey, no teeth for a billion. No, you can't are so big and Dentures. Nope. Teeth are so big for me just straight gum and I went best my well. That's oh shut it so you're just coming around. You got lucky. Shut up. We already had the other award. It's because I've ever told Did it for the yearbook but you wouldn't know he wants all that. You're okay. Wasn't that the Make-A-Wish here? All right. Let's ask you to do two single guys. What do you look for in a girl? Like what what attracts you about a girl like me. It's teeth like she has to have a nice smile. Shut up. Like a smile and like, you know, like when the girls have like the freckles on their nose and it goes to their cheeks a little bit there Sunkist you find Colossus attractive. Yes. I love glasses. Yes, that's ksenia never wears her glasses and she like blind as a bat. Yeah. She is. It's all right. I'm gonna start wearing my glasses. Do you have glasses? You should wear the glasses that your dad's worse? That's like the ones in the jet ski Dad I can't talk about my dad jokes anymore. Why do you shout out Joe? What's up? It's true about me. All right, get a job be a man. All right. Get out my house. Down pick up real be right not funny. Another dumb question vineet smart questions. Would you guys rather be blind and be able to play every instrument like a pro level like ridiculous like one of the best Stevie Wonder Yeah, okay, or have your worst job and have your vision so like work at McDonald's but have your vision dental work there forever who? I can just quit my terrible down for that reason why they're dropping like flies. All right be quiet with that you would you rather do a job like make a ton of money while doing a job you hate or doing a job you love for or like a little little and really well how much so can I provide for my family? So say you're at McDonald's you're making a hundred fifty K G's or you're a cop and you're making 70 hundo Ando 70. 70 AD at McDonald's. I know how the police system works each year you make more so and there's only this is a hypothetical you can ask better questions, man. There's a loophole for all of them. I know your job he goes. Yeah. Does that mean they had because there's three people in the band now there was only three sacks. This was wasn't it? There's six six. Yeah, and there was Danielle and there's 80 people in the band. Wow. Yeah bam Lugosi was pretty big actually. Mr. Vander griend. Like I was cool. He came to my All-Star game once really yeah when I put was plan against Andrew, I think wait All-Star game for what baseball baseball real smoked Montclair. They saw I was actually playing whenever I would always play your Vineyard. Yeah, I'd always play that other the Fontana you get Southridge no always want an American Community after that never faced Josh. Well, six years down the drain. We did play football together though force that Force the fumble. I was D line Josh you were d-line. I snuck under the center's legs and I grabbed the ball. Shut up. I swear I've held onto the quarterbacks legs in it. We had this guy named named Anthony Romero. He remarried. Yeah Anthony Ramirez. He cracked the quarterback forced the fumble. We have to immerse did he have long hair? No glasses, but there's a literally five million Anthony rumors and Sophie. It's gonna be kind of hard to pinpoint one. You don't know that I miss my pop warner team. We were good Andrew Harrison add your Harrison without others talk about of you know, like a lot of my friends from that team were like famous know who like tie it tie skin all my friends from freaking Little Eagles on the same All-Star Team all Wendy one who Stephen. Oh, yeah this but our but oh my gosh our buddy named Wyatt. What would you say D-League now? I'm talking about something else like Michael Pinero. You went to a big Public Schools though. And then you would have been D12. We just don't really have any any more questions, but they're kind of like news so this at this track and field. For high school or like a college a 21 year old was pole vaulting and so we went over he went over the like whatever was 18 feet or whatever. So he jumps all the way up the pulled in Fall the wrong way right way skewered him right through the ball sack. Yeah people he posted on Tick-Tock. There's blood all over his shorts. Oh, yeah. Well, he didn't he didn't he didn't lose any testicles though. What? Yeah, I know just went went right through it. Back to the scrotum. Yeah, incredible stitches. Oh my gosh, 90 90 stitches. I don't know if you guys heard this but there was this guy that was making homemade Rockets to try and get to space or likely the atmosphere. Have you guys heard of him? He blew himself up. No, so he was like a flat earth guy. And he was building his own Rockets to try and get up and see if the Earth was actually flat or round and this is kind of sad, but he actually passed away at the age of 64 in his own rocket. From age? No, he was in his own rock. He was in his own rocket and the bill up the parachute or whatever like whatever safety system. He had failed dang slow. At least he died - try and what he loved. Yeah, he died in a rocket. Oh this spring but that's why the popo have NASA. You don't build Rockets. Yeah. Do you guys see the about Elon Musk how he wants to build like space travel for like some like normal people for like us. Yeah. I want people to like there's already like Live on Mars are live on those are the only two but like to go on like trips, like go to space and stuff and like really see space like from an astronaut's point of view as do that. Yeah, I would like a museum kind of its kind of like a it'd be like a trip. I guess. Well, you just like in the spaceship. I mean you're in the line. Yes. Yes spacecraft you go to the like a space station. Yeah, I like that but it made me realize how a hotel or something but do I always want to go in space and just look down and just see absolutely nothing but like you see the earth. Oh, that's great. But a lot of people were saying like people like Neil Armstrong and like all these like famous people that are like worked in NASA and stuff like are so against it and it's like crushed Elon musk's dreams because he like looked up to those people. I guess. Well, I mean, it'd be really complicated house-trained all those yesterday. It's already like in the process of happening. He said and then he's like he just said for those people that doubt just come look come look and see what we have going on here. I don't know if this is dumb, but I was thinking this the other day. It's like the ocean just floating in the middle of space. It's gravity. I know but the next but that's weird. That is just there. Yeah, she's there. No. No, I do think that I think it's crazy that so crazy to think about. Oh do you get? Okay. Do you guys know the theory of Pangaea? Yeah, like how all the cards altogether I think that you think so. Yeah. I think that's how people separated. it You know what I'm saying? You know what I mean? Like that's how people got that's why people are already in the United States when yeah from Pangaea. Do you think that happened before Biblical times? What do you mean before but you think people were on the earth when it happened? Yes, II guess they would do you think they felt themselves breaking apart and moving take no. No, this is Saudi. It's so do you feel that tectonic plates are moving right now. Do you feel it? No, so next. No, that's my job. I got you Nick a bully. Come on. All right. I like to I like hugs. What can I say to? Okay, so recently Harvey Weinstein got convicted of rape. And so let me know what a turn no hypothetical kind of and so he's going to get like five to 25 years. That's kind of the basic sentence. Do you think do you think he commits suicide or rent or dies before he gets put in jail because just because of the Hollywood connection with everyone you don't wait. He's gonna do you think he's gonna like don't quote me on this. Okay are parentheses kill himself commit suicide or do you think he's going to like, oh, he's like like he's gonna go take off somewhere and not like remember. What was his name? The El Chapo know the guy that killed himself in prison that was on suicide watch Hernandez. No, no, mr. Clean. Mr. Clay question. This is it's not like I'm just saying I'm just asking you think he's just gonna like all of a sudden die in like before he gets sentenced actually sentence and Gossage. Oh like all of a sudden because like he got sentence and there one was he was like, oh I'm having like these heart problems now, so he's in jail. No not yet. It's going to take another couple months till like they gave him. The sentence he was doing a bunch of health problems, like he started saying a bunch of stuff. So he doesn't have to go to prison or what? Oh, I get what you're saying. Okay, like he's in solitary. So you're saying like they haven't he's been sentenced to jail. He's not in jail yet though, but he's basically dying should they let him stay free, you know is this just it's a conspiracy of do you think yeah, you know, what in Hollywood is gonna cover it up and kill like essentially kill him like they did. I can't think His name was Jay Simpson. No, Jay Simpsons alive. Oh, yeah, his wife and daughter than oh you think they're like Hollywood's gonna cover it up. Yeah, just because of how connected it. All is like Hollywood's its own Hollywood's is own country. Yeah, I mean no no, you mean just like they're so connected from top to bottom Harvey Weinstein was a really famous director. Okay? Okay, and he would essentially he's basically saying that they have like so many secrets of their own that nobody else knows. So tired of it. I know I always have to go before like a teacher calls my name and class so I don't keep Scrappy and I don't know why all the time for attendance. Yeah, you're Julia Javier Garrett was not even paying attention here. I'm always afraid to do my voice kept cracking tonight during the basketball game. I heard I heard you either it was annoying. Do you listen to me when I'm feeling I can hear all you guys. Oh Gerry Epstein that was his name is a jarier Jeff Jeff AB, c-- I don't know but it says Jeffrey. I don't know if they come I've heard a lot of names about them. But this is calm John so he killed himself when he was in suicide watch and everyone was like bro. There's no way you could do that in prison. Like they took everything away from him. Yeah, you know, yeah, you're in confinement you have literally nothing, but you just hit your head against something earlier now they have And so like there's been a bunch of like CIA agents have gone on Joe Rogan's podcast and be like dude. This guy didn't kill himself, but I think you're still alive. No, he's dead. I'm saying someone killed him. That's all. Yeah, like covered it up. Yeah. It was a cover-up. So I'm saying do you think that's going to happen to Harvey just because the power he has in Hollywood. Now do you guys get what I'm trying to say? And dude? No, no, I get what you're trying to say. Don't get it. No I'm saying no, it's not gonna happen. He's so gross not gonna happen understood sir. Yes, sir. When I was ready to learn and uh, sir what I was ready with Nick to the Jim River. I was I said those marches. Yeah the cadences. Oh, yeah. Let's hear him. Give us give us an example AC-130 rolling down the Oh, I should probably just keep saying Airborne Ranger on a one-way trip and Mission top secret destination and new don't even know if I'm going home stand up hook up Shuffle to the door gonna jump out on the counter for if my main don't open wide. I got a reserve by my side and if that one chill fail me to Look Out Below I'ma come in through. Okay, if if I die in the old dark Zone box me up and ship me home. Tell my mama, I did my best. Bear with me with the Leaning rest incredible. Oh, you have a lot of cadences my brother made one. It's actually really good. I don't remember at the text, but it's rolls really good. It was like Enter told me that like stuff helps you with breathing and I like when I'm running I don't like talk like I can talk to people and I don't think that's why you came to his military helps you breathe Josh tried to leave me on me. Wait, it goes like down by the river Down by the Riverside. I took a little walk took a little while. I ran into China ribbon to China. We had a little talk. We had a little talk. We pushed them. Hey, we shoved them eight with the room in the river to him in the river as they drown. There's a lot of So we talked about this earlier and like an episode The coronavirus. Yes. So it has a kind of wanted someone in Seattle. Just got it on the X there's a there's like a like 219 cases in the United States Nick brought this up to me. He was like What if this is Beverly you were like, this is a big epidemic before Christ comes. Oh, yeah, there's like talking like I think Revelation or something like that where it says like how there's a worldwide. Pestilence that goes around it be much worse than this. It's getting worse. Now. They're gonna find a cure for it. It's it has really there's a lighter vaccine. There's no cure for the virus. I'm not worried about the coronavirus that all our covid-19. I'm not either it's a nice word for my mom. It's a lot of pain might to Nene animals can't get it. Actually. Oh, I know also came from animals. I got a regular other. They don't know who it came from. That's why they can't find a vaccine yet. I got a question. We'll just this will be a debate. I hope Is the day I hope someone do you guys think Dogs Go To Heaven. Now no. No, I really I really wish they'd I know I was they don't have souls though. Yeah, I know. That's why I don't it's like a huge discussion at in calm life dude. That's so sad notice that you think, you know, you know the people like you remember them, you know what I mean? Yeah, I think but like I don't think we do. No, I think we were like well, no everyone though. Drew you know what? I mean? It's like it. Yeah, but will you recognize like well we have likely has yeah, I don't think so. Are you saying like now we have our Earthly memories with us? Yeah. I don't think you I think so, but we'll also know everyone takes their you know what I mean? It's crazy to think about excite me next time. Thanks. I told my mom when I'm flirting with another Angel and leaning on one of my big leagues. Don't mess with me. Let me do my talk what happened? I got cramps of like the will be working out and we'll be doing chest and all of a sudden. Oh my hip I got a cramp in my hip. Oh, my toe. I got a cramp in my toe. Just wait coronavirus is going to get you good. I'll probably live it because he only kills people who have underlying health issues. Yeah, so I'm dead. My health is not good you need to do let's all do blood tests. All right, let's go donate plasma. I'm actually getting my done because I had to get shots done for was up at Why not then you end up going to bed right when I did why didn't I didn't need the money? Oh, yeah. Are you got covered? Yeah. Andrew knows people pull some strings. You know the vibes. So we talked about predestination that's always a fun subject. It's so complicated. Let's give someone advice for something. It was a topic. All right, how do you know I should say, thank thank thank thank you. Hello, I know that's okay. There could be silenced. You know, they know we're here. Oh, I'm going. All right, you guys you guys are both dating people but do you guys think it's wrong? Like do you like it? Do you think it's like bad to like DM someone in this day and age now? No, I think you guys should get out there and play or do you think it should be like face-to-face? No Josh. Do you think I should try and like talk to more girls? I don't think this is my thing like when you're not you when you get here. Official with someone it's okay to like date multiple people. That's how you find out what you like and between dating and going on dates. I think that's a no. Yeah, I'm saying going on dates with multiple girls is totally fine, but adult thing to do at the same time. Well, it's just that you're not exclusive. Yeah, you're not exclusive. There's a problem like asking someone to go get coffee to get to know them. You're not asking them to marry them. Yeah, you know what? I mean? Stop doing that. Well same same with Garrett's actual. You know what I mean. Now, you're right. No, I think I should put yourself out there more girls just like like at the gym the other day you gave me the confidence to go up and talk to that girl. Yeah. Down girls. Love to hear it whether respond while at the same time. I was like, I don't care haven't got nothing else to lose. Yeah, exactly. I saw this thing that was like if a girl is trying to impress a guy that she's going to have to try and get her to date him or get him to be her. And then once that happens in she's gonna have to try and get him to stay with her and then once they like if they get married, then she's gonna have to try and get him to stay married and then it's like so on and so forth like you're always going to have that battle. So I think I think You know what? I mean? I just like what what Eric said today Garrett stepped on he just said that like, you know just be yourself and like focus on you and like don't go don't go like searching constantly for it. Just like let it happen work on the stuff that you feel like you need to improve on and then he gave me a big life lesson. Yeah, it was it was like such simple advice and like I feel like we all have that mindset sometimes but you need to be reminded of it that it is that simple I have like once we start focusing on ourselves. That's why Things like start to line up. And yeah, the unexpected becomes expected. Okay. I've lot of the times I'll be like Oh, I'm selfless to a fault. But I think there's a difference between selfishness and self-care and it's all way to take care of yourself some time and think about yourself. Yeah and work out what you have to work out before. You care about your work on yourself everything changes like freshman year trash and then I come into this like I didn't didn't know those were improving on myself, but it felt like it was and then like the last two years have been great a lot better especially like with relationships and stuff like that. I know you guys always mess with me for being mad, but I'm never not mad until you guys are asking me. Hey, man, what's wrong Gary? No, Gary just gets mad at me because I asked him. Questions on questions like asking a lot of it's like I have a kid. What is the it's like a I don't know how like in a pyramid type question think we'll ask him one. What a little which will lead to another 100 go Garrett. Were you drinking water? Why cause I'm thirsty now, so how's it taste? So when you're thirsty you drink anything else other than water? No, I usually only drink water. It's occasional coffee. I'm just trying to make small talk with him the other day. I went like this. Okay, Nick before I answer but there any more questions he goes not to let me ask another one after I answered it. So I told him to leave and then he said and then I said go back to what we were talking about the like like how Garros and like freshman year was rough for him. Settle down there buddy and last like last year was kind of rough for me too. But I think the best time like when you're going through stuff like that where you don't feel like yourself is just like kind of people that you surround yourself with and you know, it's easy to like lose sight of that and like try and things that you're not comfortable with and you know, that's where you make bad decisions. But if you have like a good foundation in your friend group of people that will uplift you. I think that's weird. Like we've had our perfect run at our friendship. Yeah, either we've all had to face are different challenges with yeah, the thing that I like about like these group of guys is like we call each other out to like when we're like pissing off the other person, you know, and you know Garrett's not afraid to call me out clearly and remember what you told you that you're gonna get. Whacked by Andrew. When oh, yeah, we're gonna fight the other day and why yeah, but yeah it did. I thought it was going to punch me in the face. I don't know what it was. I mean it's going to say puberty watch a YouTube video is it isn't it? Like guys pure distilled from like 16 to 24? 21 20 25. No. Yeah. It's pretty high. It was that way you're going to grow to your hypertension. Exactly. Yep, hypertension to that's why it's like his hand out. Come on. Look at me Shakin Shakin me. I'm a little bit Shaker and I'm in ketosis you feel like you are do you think you are not really for those wondering I'd started this new diet called a carnivore diet and Slaughters a cow every day and oh my gosh. What do you remember when I told you a lot of my family were late bloomers and like growing like a lot of my dad sides over 6 foot and like they grew like at 22 23 It says that every year that number changes 1920. I never said my just let me know. Sometimes it just could be your body still going through puberty. Yes. We're still growing Andrew. Does that mean I'll be eventually be able to grow a mustache. Maybe it was - I want to grow in so bad. Angels are Andrew Joshua got a nice stash coming in right now. I want Gary - it is sorry babe one here. Yeah. Why well, the one thing that candidate I'll edit that out. But so I think that's going to end wrap up the night. Thank you guys. I know it's been a long two weeks. I don't know why I couldn't really diners. From a viral infection. I have a Corona. Nerves of Modelo be nervous Komodo. I am nervous a Heineken got the margarita virus. You got the Pacifico virus not looking good right now all these drinks man. Thank you for coming stay tuned after are too weak little busyness schedule. That didn't make sense. But my name is Josh and we are signing off. Oh, yeah, I'm Nick. Sorry. No, I'm Nick. All right, this is the best thing for my classroom like that. We're out.