Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music.A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston money man Charles AKA Josh got to tell us about yourself. Well, I'm 20 years old and currently still trying to find a job. That wasn't all let's be completely I'm going to be completely real with you guys. I'm the only one in this podcast that does not live with their parents. Yeah. I mean, I don't know Ethan so money man right here is not the only ones as parent. So, you know, he has nothing to say the same you need to know but I still love the kid tell us about yourself. Well, I'm currently enrolled at the adult school. I am currently trying to get my diploma. I'm very close to getting it or GED diploma. Anyway, so I'm when I get my diploma, I want to go to Northwest Lyman college and work on work on the power lines. Okay, because that's that's actually not bad at all. So we'll know it's a good-paying job. I forgot I kind of forgot the salary, but what's I know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like Well, you can also do like, you know, you can also do like a tuition and stuff like that is absolutely no other words. Yes pretty college is due to his yeah, you have your option, but I kind of want to just like I kind of want to just like yeah, okay the whole price instead of having fucking student loans, that's good though, but that's a money man. Tell us a little bit about yourself. So don't like Steve Harvey don't like to hardly tell us about the nickname first. Alright, so the nickname is playing baseball one day and I know for this ball and Outfield my Cod, and we And the game, right and they go you said they said I know her money man. Just stuck after that beautiful. Well, I also I also did have a dream what happened to Charles God. That's where as for the dream comes in that night. So I was sitting there and I was on Pawn Stars and I walked in with this chain and it was a little like walking guy in Rick said you never cares him on Stars, right? Yes. He straight-up goes. What's that? I said why some money man Charles when I woke up from the dream. They're on so so technically you met Rick Harrison. I met in a different scape of reality. Yeah, another 7 million, but technically I think we can all agree you meant. Yeah, you did. I have a question. Let me let me have Mike here for a little bit. I have question in that dream talk to me. Let's go in a little bit deeper detail. Did he at any point in that dream say I have a guy for this? Do you have a guy come in a million hits? No. No, he did say though. It's gonna sit for a really long time. Damn dude. I'm a full-time college student and will sir. Okay, very cute car is actually very fast car with a 350 350 350 350 375 The choice I want more Drive in Japanese important I would drive. Okay a muscle. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm more of only got like a demon myself. Like a little rabbit. Yeah. I'm just a full-time college student getting a business degree going into entrepreneurship. Then the next six months. Fuck. Yeah. I'm gonna look kinda guy. That's right. No, he's Partners a jerk and I would guy couple good business ventures. We have a couple of ideas. Yeah a couple good ideas coming in. It's all in the works though. It's like I could see it coming to fruition. It's you know presages. It's all it's all it's about the journey not the destination, right? So so Joe. Misty other question like you're basically living your best life right now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that must be nice because that was his best weapon. So, you know that's life would being like Beverly Hills Lamborghini and stuff. Well it still for where you are right. Now. You're doing pretty good where I'm at 19 being a stock Trader. Oh, yeah treats. Most people your age probably don't even have a car if I'm being honest like us. Yeah barely have jobs. We were going fast food. Yeah, this makes Bank on stocks. Will you help me? My stocks stocks in the first place to manage. I don't like how you started off with. Will you help me manage? It turns out what stocks you have. So like oh, yes cryptocurrency will take over the world. Yes. You are going to fall off one day cryptocurrencies going to come in and just gonna you know, we're seeing in China and stuff, you know. This smells Corona stuff now, everything's digital payments whole nine yards. Even the buyers. I have a quite hilarious. I have a question you are you investing in the Dow Jones Dow Jones Industrial like to focus on S&P S&P. Yeah dog Jones up Jones going down because of the girls. Yeah, you don't know the viewers. They might understand. Yeah, our first episode the first night we posted it got over a hundred views. So I'm pretty happy about that. You do that. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah, that's actually people are actually enjoying it thoroughly to yeah. It's going to be 3 times got better. In 2002 all night until I fell asleep and I feel like as long as you have light-hearted / deep / important conversations. It's exactly what it was last time my heart deep. We're just looking around with first started and we went into deep conversation. Well, when you go into conversations, you know, whether they're deep or not, you know, you're getting into it and you're just talking about life and you know, it's therapeutic to you know, like, you know, your struggle is another proof probably listen to other people's problems, you know, and just try to help him out, you know, absolutely. It is absolutely My Wish got to be I don't get it. I love your point. I'm gonna get back onto the subject. But how Josh is doing I think life is actually pretty confusing for me because honestly, I just don't know what the fuck I'm going to do my life. I mean, you're only what he's only 18 most kids have their life figured out not really know, you know, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Words combat Medic in the Army. But again, dude, you're being all you're trying to steal my job that I told you that you like you $60 and you can do anything. If you set your mind to it, you know, except fly. This is why we need more. Yeah. I mean fly if you mean if you want to fly, you're gonna have to go to college about to shove off no sponsorship, right? But drink some Red Bull if you want some links Red Bull gives you wings bro gives you wings. Yeah. It's don't see us that you don't actually get shot speak about flying bro. I'm trying to get one of those groceries and just pull it off. This man's love. Speaking of that like did you guys hear about the people that something like that video? No play no more fucking played. No. Okay, you go ahead. But it's fine. Did you guys hear about that myself? You guys hear about the lawsuit with Red Bull someone sue them because they thought it actually gave me wings man. I remember that and he wanted the suit he won the case. No, yeah, he won the case. Was it for like false advertisement? Yeah. It's false and false. Sighs but now they're back on Red Bull gives you wings. So they really read your okay. They by meaning that Red Bull gives you wings. Okay, it gives energy right away. Prove it. All right that very time consuming. We love Pixar there. Falling with style right? I think there was even an argument about it first place, you know, I don't know. Okay, as you scroll soon. Okay. I've never seen her money men's for gonna go we're gonna go we're just going to just go no-go for not. Yeah, I'm listening. I'll think about that got for the viewers of this weekend about that later tonight for you guys listening. Himself a glass of soda and Mitch is getting some more water. I don't know coffee machine. This video is sponsored by water. You fill up a commode. I like it on a different subject here. I Really end up like Misfits podcast. Have you guys ever heard of it the Misfits podcast? I know Patrick has of course I have but I'm bigging everything. Everything is the number one is the number one podcast on Spotify you talked about like the 10-foot wave that hit Haiti. He would know about it. Yep. What exactly does it make sense 10-foot wave that? Hey never leave wasn't a 10-foot waves are actually 12 and a half. It was 12 and a half because when 3/4 of 1/2 Half because when the sand was pulled out that account that you got to come for the sand making a berm under the wave exams about another two and a half and a quarter because a lot of sand it's a lot of sense weight loss sugar 1/2 and 1/4 feet of sand. So two and a third of a quarter of the way the water if we're considering water third of a quarter that make perfect sense. That's why you make donder this is why is why is that No, because it on hold on I feel like we should pull up Minecraft and see what yeah, I feel like this is a serious conversation that game Sandy would be classified. I mean, okay sand is basically a whole bunch of like Rob's Microsoft microscopic minerals. Could it could what is dirt bunch of microscopic rocks rocks? How's the fire feels feeling hot as fuck? So just so you know bed is sitting right next to the fire like is currently keeping alive, but you see it. funny because Sorry, I broke my hand. Why is it so if you think about what we agreed on screaming, I'm sorry really hurt and by the beach like okay, but like by the ocean the ocean, right, but if you think about like, okay see where we lived in these mountains like you see all the dirt and stuff when you go down to the beach. It's like the sand is white. Okay, so does that mean sand is just more pure more pure cleaner Dirt below like it might be because there's constant water flow over they have a what about the beach. That's most saying that's over. Each other the water guys - I have a real question. I have a rogue go talk to me doctor. Why don't you why don't you live safe? Why don't your lips touch when you say the word touch but touch when you say the word separate dude, because there's a pee in that touch separately. Can you how can you stand just ruined his whole life? I like cops without your lips touching. Don't try it without touching. I like cough. Are you serious? This has happened before my dream? I think I told you about it. We're talking about this and we're making a podcast. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I told you about this. I've never I don't remember if he did. Okay, I'm think I'm just on a little steam. Okay. I got a question. You guys know what you got? Okay, you guys know how the Columbia lady right, you know? Via TriStar pictures Okay, so we're not sponsored by the way, but we're not sponsored by anything. But anchor we will only rep anchor right? That's that's what I said. But for now I'm going to be when I was younger. I always had these repeated dreams. Okay, it was the Columbia lady but now she's standing there just with like a really normal face. Okay, so like talking Statue of Liberty. No, it's okay to be a lady. She's okay. So she's standing there holding her torch. Okay, but the thing is Because you living though. This The Twist the Twisted. We're like the movie theater. Yeah. Yeah Columbia TriStar pictures. Okay, but you see the Columbia lady is just standing there. Okay. So in my dream, it's the Columbia ladies coming up. It's like the dun dun dun duh, and then all of a sudden though instead of making that Stern face, she's staring at me with her head tilted with the creepiest smile them over and it moves. Well, actually he wasn't the moon Smiles the moon smiled at you. If you look at the Moon very closely on your phone's keep this podcast running in the background. Of course go on your phone's right now and look up the smart the man on the moon man in the moon. It's my order actual extreme if you take if you look closely like literally it came and I saw this is this like something new for all you know, no Mitch. I've been talking about like five years. Okay. So the thing was when I was when my mom came and got me for my grandma's. Okay. I was looking at the moon it was listening to some music. I forgot what the music was, but I look at the Moon. I'm just staring at it and And I look closely and I literally see a smile in and I'm like Mom do you see the the smile and the moon and then and then she goes like no and I'm like well dang. I'm I'm just might I don't know I guess I'm like, I mean because remember I because Josh can see it like he might make it see it. Vivek Vivek creepy words like that that's hearts race car backwards a takeover Minds race car is race car back money raiser de Bolivar research has asked for what absolutely if money was the root of all evil is what a church is ask for it church and ask for money. I'm into one of those well see what the month to see the money is the root of all evil if its treated like that like you sore talking like the Pope Francis is like spinach a change. Hope of prints the print the pope he's bawling out. I'm gonna try the Ferrari look at me saying I have you seen this change the me. Have you seen this change? Have you seen again soon as I seen his shoes who's worth of these? He's in church. Seriously. How do you like church? I don't eat. I don't I don't like yeah just because he has all that money, but keep it real from someone who's actually We been to the sixteenth chapel that place has the weirdest Vibes on me. That place is weird without the carpet is about to catch all so fucking wrong. He went to Rome for this up here is like we gotta we gotta get for country now. That's what my mom said when she was like, we're going to go to Greece. Maybe the dread pretty sure bro all over you I love Rome, but it's too hot for me to enjoy to have to enjoy I agree. I can't why not? Have dark skin too. So it's like even worse than one place. I really want to go to his Australia. I want a guy would never go there and I actually do something with all fires though. Not right now. I want to go to Istanbul Turkey. All the spiders are probably dead by now that coaches move. Yes. It did. Holy hell what the hell do you may commit his fuck up literally just moved by itself. So for the viewer that viewers at home they come. The cup is moving on its own just that's not it that's not safe man. What is going on? What is that row? Move on its own no way. No, wait a minute. There's a tow moving it nevermind. Let's move the cup and see what's under there. Door I'm getting I'm going by the fire. Hey real quick. Was anyone just disrupt a ghost us real quick man this room slide it. Okay, just all right. So everyone, okay. It's been over here. Talk to me. Yeah, so all of us in this room, we are very close friends, like really really good friends. I just met Ethan like a couple months ago like a month ago. Okay. I'm just trying to get to a deep talking y'all are just like put on the shirt, bro. I'm gonna go jump out the window. But like I said, we're all close friends and we're all in Patrick's house right now. It's a really nice house, especially for his first actual house. Yeah. It's a actual building not connected to any other building. Yeah. It's like an actual hot apartment not under Bree bedroom, basically two living rooms and a whole last kitchen fire plays the whole kitchen. I don't know garage like a two-car garage two-car garage has a front and back yard. I three dogs that he's got three cars three bedroom way three bedrooms. And of dogs, where's Katy Perry? The point of view I don't even remember that far back, but I know me and him met and I think kindergarten I think are my farthest memory back with you would be when we were on the wall in elementary school. That will and I was I was singing Boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day. And every time I the word fuck came up, maybe like just like that Mitch would start dying. It's stupid. He would laugh so hard. I got a little mystery School cussing was the funniest shit every because and no one was like why not you because you snitch on my brother for cussing. I snitched on everyone like series. I snitched on Justin's brother. That's how I met you. Okay, that's how I knew about that you exist is because he's like dude. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So what happened was is we were we were Can back up the class and Jeremy Justin's brother. He was all like Mitchell aye. I know I like he told I forgot what he said, but he goes like hey Mitchell America. Fuck. Yeah, and I'm just like what and then he said that I'm and then I'd miss cheering Miss cheering. He was our first grade teacher and I went and told her snacks and he pulled her and he pulled me and Jeremy into the pot and she was like and she said what did Jeremy say and I whispered in her ear I was like and then she looks at Jeremy and Jeremy's just like I'm standing there with like just a like he just like shit. I you know, like the I'm so done. I'm gonna announce were quick in this table. I just found it again. Just connects. Yeah, just found out that Josh. You got lucky buddy first. It's a machete then it's Knuckles and I have a gun and now I have a real quick. The biggest fuck me Pat is what MIT is a pen. Patrick Mitch and I we all went to the same school and Josh and Elementary School Josh Josh Josh why you weren't there to bro. I've known Josh just as long as I've known a I was an OG, that's cool man. You have all three of us were oh Jesus. I remember I had an Ali my girlfriend. I have a memory of absolutely G back when we were in elementary school. Remember the spiderweb, right? Oh my God Spider Web the spider wax my Dome on all the spider web is the bike don't I remember you I remember you were spitting at me you were like literally Yeah, and I told you and I like I remember you spit on me. Yeah, and dude your spit legit smelt like soy milk and I magically I was like dude like I asked you I was like, oh do you drink soy milk in? You're like no. I'm like, why the hell did your spit smell like soy milk. I mean, that's just not it's not normal. That's not normal. No, I drink whole milk my whole life which is why I'm 255 pounds. I'm also six-foot-four. I drink bottle of old. So he's joking 40 pounds. I heard your 4500 175 how I'm like six foot three and a half a lid on the little noodle bro all through which no mortal. Have you ever saw my legs have a genetic? Okay the hell have you heard of a little noodle the rapper but we go hard. He goes hard. I love little Barnacle. Yes. Yeah, everybody best rapper in the game is hands-down. She slaps. He's a little kid. Don't rip it at least he's by the fire. So amazing. During recess I stood behind the tree and I like when everyone else is called, you know, how we all used to wind up on the hill. So everyone else is lying out the owners of the classroom, right? Then they counted all their students. I wasn't there. I'll send him down to treat like watching them. Oh my God, there's a mesh that you could put in front of it right there. Why don't we put that in front of it that it's gonna get very hot. It will it will but that's the point of it is to put that on that table. Would you rather set the Carpet on fire and or a little higher that would make a really bad podcast. We all burn to death. Yeah. I feel like I do want to be used. You're like a podcast. But anyways, my second time getting in trouble. I actually I don't know if you guys know Sierra Bella. Yeah, so like I thought it was so cool to cuss around her. So I'm just cutting up a storm. I even jumped over here by the library stairs, you know, the stairs led him to the library like three steps and jump over and you'll fuck and she wants to talk my teacher. My teacher told me she's like, did you just say that to her? No, I swear to God I didn't and I was like trying to my best to defend myself if he's like. No, he did. He definitely did and then all they like friends say I put the put the mesh along in a browser May. We're gonna cook good. Hold on. We're gonna fireplace right now. Anyways, so like yeah, I used to get in so much for him. I got Snapchat dude, why'd you do this? My ex-girlfriends boyfriend? I was a kid. I used to thought think it was cool man girls like giving you a badass and goes to exactly but it was never it never worked with, you know, I didn't to in kindergarten through like second grade people always snitch and honestly, like I just as I started growing up, I was like bro, like my little brother's Brothers like hey, come on. I know you'll be wanting to cuss and like act like a badass, but it's Really as cool as you think yeah, I've had that conversation with me elementary school school kids are so much different than we were nowadays. Now. I might sound like a boomer for saying that but I'm dead all like Elementary School. I think I think we were like me and like everyone in this room besides Ben. We were like the last generation before elementary kids got changed stupid like calm. I didn't grow up with with no. I don't want to sound like a boomer. We didn't grow up with like iPhones no work for that shit man by side. Did you know your or older than your we are all older than iPhone except you you were you were just a baby but he well iPhone came out and what 2007 I'm 6 2007 is when it was press release death. So so all of us are older than I thought but it back on itself or older than Google. So are you know, I was like, oh you're older than me. The first one that's weird. It's only like a year younger as a 99 98. Oh, never mind though. The 2018 though. It was realized I'm on a thick bitch on my Instagram room, but she's alright just pass this around real quick on the town. I'm good. I'm good chef, but I see through your crack screen, but I like it. The reason I say that we're different from elementary school kids because always you like But I was also supplement I was sitting in the front yard and like when the school got out. I was just sitting there because I can get any Wi-Fi here. And then I saw a kid just walking by cutting up a storm throwing up gang signs at a car driving by told him to shut the fuck up. I do driving by I would never have done that as a kid. I don't know about you guys, but me personally I would never have done that. Yeah, I have too much respect for people like until you're leaning out of the window of my truck and asking people that I'm just sick but at least No, fuck off or I go kill yourself or something. I think it's dead. The only time I did that was when some guy just kept running over me for my paid and then fate for my fade. You just kept like 118 every time he saw me and I like the whole podcast know Ben's is five years now. He'll get damn homie. All right, I mean to yell I get intense. I'm gonna where they go where they go and why they go I got was not going to eat you to just limit disclaimer the ghost that lives in this house loves me a lot and is extremely extremely kind next she's a Friendly Ghost. She my dad's / we don't know that I'll sit here someone she likes videos another charge cable after charging. Somebody pulled my toes and I was like, oh Grandma stop and I look down and Patrick was sitting there in a conversation. That is a completely false story. It happened. Wow, I understand. Let's just get off the white chair no comes to dumb so dumb down are we getting that conversation? You want to go? I made of American. So I look perfect to Hanuman. We're staying quiet bro. All the white countries, bro. I'm a nobody back on topic back on topic know like we're not We're Not Gonna, you know, we're not on top. Let's go back on topic though. I love all right. So back on topic, right? So yesterday, right? Yeah. What what happened yesterday? I got boys. Yeah. You were sitting around slight crying you were in a funk man. You had me worried. I thought you were good at like end our friendship terminate all company ideas and just Move to Alaska and yeah a dark never do that. Oh speaking of which I was subject right now not coronavirus. The coronavirus. Is it make sure that's that that mesh is really comes in Kern County now. Yeah, but listen, but listen, the coronavirus has infected every continent except for Antarctica because wow really because it's too cold. We are also because Antarctica even live there. Well, yeah germs can Not live in Antarctica, but if you think about it, the only American people of a job on the commentary cares. No, the only people allowed in Antarctica are people that are just doing research. Oh, you're not allowed Third Rock. That's right. Fuck no, Japan real quick while you like Japan hit us with a rock. So we'd like fucking backup. Japan flipped us on our little like little black nose little fucking poop covered nose is all we do or brown-nosing and and then we so we bitch-slap the fuck. Yeah, like I don't agree with what we did, but we absolutely I agree with No, because they killed so we killed so many innocent. Yes, Dr. Kinked off all of the kinked like okay cut off all Supply like kinky. Yeah. I didn't know Roosevelt was pink one of them talk. Okay. Sorry, you got to stay but what happened was completely destroy the Japanese economy forcing them to fight and the way that the ships were actually positioned. They were positioned in a way that they couldn't have. Themselves well, so what was happening with heck out of my chair is what was just getting reason. I'm new things not to use much their new big guy cool buddy, and honestly, we just nuke them just because I feel like honestly like yeah, I mean my P it mean Hiroshima Nagasaki that that was sad, I was just sucked right out, but the think about it if you think about a I see kills combined with the PO W can't but if you think about it the Japanese government did that to their own people because all they had to do is just surrender all They had to do but then they were like no they kept poking the bear that's what they kept moving. So what we did was the end of the war they have their fight until I don't know they got somewhere and die or they surrender their fighting for an older versions of surrender. Yeah. We like is worse feel like each side was just fighting for you know their country we fought for our country. Yeah, we're not this is his business. Thing is with Warren General. You can't you won't ever get a good ending. No, not at all. I was coming over here like The Vibes in that see I feel like a grandma brought me out of the chair if that happened to your butthole. I mean, everyone was freaking out over a cup moving on its own. Yeah, I was just there probably snakes with human traits and your toes are getting tickled and it looks like me so you blame me in my house and your house. I don't blame it. I was actually kind of discussion. I remember the little piano key. Yeah, I got some so I'm the ghost topic. Okay, so well, yeah. Skip skin. Yeah, let's talk about God. Meyer Mitch Mitch what we're doing this I'm going to turn on the heater because I'm personally getting a little chilly. So what happened so my grandma she Lina gasps no Bear Valley, right? Yeah viewers you some of you may know some of you yes. Yeah. I got some history on Bear Valley there you viewers who do not know what Bear Valley is. It's a community here in attached be you know, anyway, so, um, it's up in the mountains and so back in like the 1800s this this family. They were called Fricker's and they owned all of Bear Valley. Like Bear Valley used to be just like basically one big Ranch owned by just one family. So up where my granny used to live. She lived at the very very top of Bear Valley. Like I'm talking the very top and there's so one of the Fricker's elevation up here elevation of hairs. I think 3,000 3,000 what happened was the son he was a forgot is a freak. Now that's all I know. He was one of their sons and he was up there riding on Horseback. Just going for a horseback ride. And what happened was he got bucked off the horse broke his neck he died, but he wasn't found for like maybe Lord knows how long I mean Baby Bear Valley so big it's huge. And so what happened so I feel like I always I felt like something else was up there at that house. I felt like something else was up there at that house. Like I just felt uneasy Easy, I mean I slept in a lot of locations like when I was younger maybe like for what a whore for no kidding. Fuck you for four, maybe five years old or whatever. I slept I slept in a bed next to my grandma's bed. I was young and then eventually I moved out to the futon in the living room. She was tired of being poked and the living room was your fucking weird and the living room was was huge bro, but the problem is is that so there were there were like You sure how do I say it like a drape that covered this like the windows and stuff except one window at the end. It was the deck door that lead it out to the main backyard area and it was uncovered had no drape. No nothing. I mean, yeah, I don't know. Sorry Mitch, no drink, no nothing because I guess my uncle it's me, he got I guess my uncle got impatient. He trying to my uncle's very impatient, but he tried to hold the Blind down Mick tried to pull the blind down and I guess he was like he was like fuck but any fucking pulled it off just you all you see is this just the outside and it's terrifying like whenever I woke up like I would see the kitchen dining room area. Yeah, absolutely and it was so big and vast is just like I felt really uneasy so I slept out there for a little bit. I mean I felt very uneasy anyway, but felt very uneasy, but then it wasn't until I moved downstairs into the guest room that was We'll be the most terrifying room out of that house because I one time I heard I felt like I heard somebody walking out there now bear in mind. It could have been a deer because there's a bunch of deer elk everything up there and it was just it was terrifying like I would always hear walking outside. I would always hear walking outside and Walking outside yet. Talk to him walking outside bear on two legs Veyron super long two legs. Yeah, but no so it's just felt are riding a bike. You feel like it was the fricker but I feel like he wasn't trying to harm us. I feel like he was just trying to walk around the house. Make sure nobody was a Rancher. He's probably like acting like he's still checking up on yeah. Yeah base. I know you like it was a harmless ghost. I mean, I didn't feel like anything. You think I just want to put my two cents in after you're done. I'm going to tell my ghost stories. Oh, you've heard my ghost stories or fucking terrifying. But anyways, I'm almost done. But no I swear one time when I was sleeping. Like, I don't know if it was a dream or I don't know I was sleeping and I wake up and I see a white figure standing in the corner of the room and I'm just like looking at it and I go back to sleep. Then I shoot back up. I realized what was happening. I was what the hell look back up. Nothing was there it was about maybe Clock in the morning. And that was our yeah, and I didn't go back to sleep. I watched RV with Robin Williams and I laughed my ass off and I felt way better. Alright would not feel better after seeing ago this. Hey Will Robin Williams row. He cures everything rest in peace with all right, so nice. So there's a good story Patrick hit Patrick, please. All right. Let me tell you about the story that Dockery my entire family out. Okay. We got a sequential. Anyway, so I was probably about I don't even know how old I was but my mom wakes me up at about the morning somewhere around four to six in the morning. She was what the fuck are you doing? I'm like, what are you talking about? She's like why did you open all the doors all the cabinet's turn on all the lights every TVs blasting and starts hitting me like all the lights in my room are on every single bulb was on every TV everything that made noise was blast Up full volume. So I was like what the hell is going on? I told I was like I was sleeping is that deep of a sleeper? I am right? So I was like I was sleeping this whole time. Like why would I waste my time doing this show? I was like, how would I even turn on the lights in the TV in your room? Like come on, let's be real. She was like, yeah, that's true. And so like I walked out and like I said, every every door was open every TV was on every light was on. It was very very disturbing and honestly, that was scary. And I think another another another creepy ghost story that I had was this one of my dad was living at the house. So I was probably around maybe like 12 11 years old and he came downstairs and start yelling. I mean I was like, what does this look like? Why are you running upstairs and running back down and I was like, what are you talking about? And he was convinced I was doing it so I couldn't convince him or whatever, but I went to go to I think my friend chances house and and while I was gone he came When I came back, he was like Hey, I'm so sorry. I yelled at you. He's like I was upstairs in the room and I was just watching TV and I heard I could have sworn. I heard you running up running up and down stairs. So I went and looked through the whole house and I couldn't find you. We got chances. I was like, yeah, and he was like, okay. Listen, I like this creepy as hell like when we go get something to eat. So that was that was creepy to my mom's house is extremely haunted or should I tell them about the time that me and my mom went to go on the boat. Hey before you get to that story. I can't tell you a story that happened about me being chased. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Now if you don't know what a skinwalker is from what my research has led me to know what it is Native American folklore. It's Native American Shaman that change into animals and their animal instincts get the best of them. So they start becoming violent and everything kisses. So Me a couple of your homies. We all go to like the main Park Central Park and Patch me and we're all chilling there. It's maybe like I want to say maybe like 2 a.m. Or something like that, you know, it's pretty laid out and so one girl according to her. She just saw a bodies moving through the trees. I just black figures Dippin to treat a tree to tree and she said well we need to get the fuck out of here. So she didn't even tell us what was happening. She just said we need to go so we all get in the car and she starts driving and then so I'm in the back like the trunk but you know, it's an SUV. So I can see out the window in the back. And so I just see start seeing shadows dipping past the likes and I just see one right in front of our car just dip past our car and so we dip and we keep going we're probably going for a solid five miles. At least we go and fucking we just keep seeing them dipping dipping staring like an Corners just in random Corners hard cars driving that way just staring at us and then so we park in front. Of a church, and these dumbasses are like, oh, you know since we're getting chased by skinwalkers, why not use a Ouija board? So they use the Ouija board, right? And guess what happens not too long after there's just this fucking grandma like and shoes Native American everything like and she was just standing in front of our car staring at us staring directly into the corner. I just got goose and then she just walked past the car. I look away and I look back and she's gone. There's But they're not only that we decided to go back to like a gas station by the park and we drive by the park and I see a figure in the middle of the Gazebo just standing there just looking at her car drive by and so we go we go to the gas station and what are you talking about that big-ass fucking thing in the middle the part? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah City Park City Park is haunted as shit, dude. But my story fucking then we go back we pass City again and the white, you know that light in the Gazebo does not turn off at night. Yeah, it was off. It was all it was often a walk past it. Yeah, it's holy shit, dude. You're telling me this now. I just walked past that Park last night. God. Damn. Yeah. I know I walk past that Park all the time. Like, I'm sorry. Wait, let me let me at least tell the story. Can I can explain real quick? I'm not something so that kind of reminds me of that one time. They saw someone sitting at the window here. Oh, yeah, here here bullshit me. Yeah, you don't give me mouth like this and they just fucking dipped as soon as I looked at them all crap what you looked like the Met like the mainly yeah, they were all here. Like they were all here when that shit happened and I was like freaking out like brother. Down there. We ought to go fucking catch him because we thought it was some trying to get to the house. Yeah. Well, that's scary continue. Well, yeah that happened and I have one more story to real quick one. Yeah, sure. Sure. Sure. So it's Halloween night, right. All my friends were all walking around and set the in the Halloween right before we get back to hear. You know, we're going to chillier and so we're walking down the street past City and fuck in. We're all just walking and then my one friend sees this little creature with horns. Tail walking down and then dips behind a car and then my dumbass of course is all like I'm gonna go fight that thing and I start dipping towards it hoping he has started a fight with the diva know me my friend just starts dipping towards me. You just grabs me is like no pit pit stop, but that thing was like at least like 10 feet tall like a tower like Long Claws bro, and I was like, whatever drama get down. At least let me finish. So there's a lot of paranormal stuff that was happening. Right? So me and my mom she had a boat out in Oxnard like a yacht so we go sleep on the yacht sometimes go go boating go fishing deep sea fishing. She took me on the yacht ones, but she was like Sorry, sorry, I'm taking the door open. Demons are a flying fuck. Anyways, he's an come back dead. You heard that to Mitchell and come back to him. No, no, no guys quiet. Did you know that was one of the dogs they always makes Levi's? Okay. That was that scared the fuck out here that I didn't realize that we had to go to slide in like I'm all I heard all I heard dude. I legit her name. Hmm. No, I don't know. You heard a whole day. No, because I remember Apollo does that shit tie proceedings? So so anyways, we're on the boat and my mom was like so I put the nest cam because here's a nest cam as she puts outside. She's like a put it in the second living room, which you wouldn't be able to visualize it but it's in a second living room that last stairs. It stares into the kitchen area with a bigger living room. And so we're watching we were sleeping in like around like three in the morning like between 3:00 and 3:30 left the witching hour. Right we go and review it because it says it says your camera detected like a change of light and Voices and like a bunch of fucking like crazy shit. So we do you go around that time. And what happened was is the house started like like it's not like an earthquake but like a low like I sound like a train was running through the house and then I play with dress. Yeah, like Polar Express train to the next shaking and then like the cameras the cameras season night vision, right? So everything is black and white or in color during the day the camera went all black like it didn't have night vision. Ian so like it was like it was Pitch Black and then when the camera came to it was on the ground and when we came back it was on the ground and that thing was mounted on the wall mount like screws like yeah, like like in the wall and we're all like it's not going anywhere. But yeah started shaking and it sound like a train was running through and all went black the news. No earthquakes. You won't even feel an earthquake in the it's honestly so crazy. How much we don't know about the world like there's whole different Realms like but all this ghost stuff we can't control bro. We have no but we have 10 minutes left. Let's ladies and tell the story. So I was living in Victorville what we're living with our cousins. So what happened was the toaster. Well, what happened was we all went to sleep when we woke up. There was a piece of toast on the counter toasted with a bite out of it and really cool is some weird shit like someone got up in the morning like early morning. I went to get a snack like whatever but what we like we like oh, that's kind of weird. But the more we thought about it the more we like that toaster hasn't worked in years. Like it hasn't been plugged in like it's like it's been broken like the filaments have been cut or torn or whatever. Yeah, we're like, well that's some weird shit our cousins after I moved out the vacuum turned on when it was unplugged in the closet like try it like like it was trying to get out of the closet but like the cortisol wrapped up and there was unplugged The attic where all of the old stuff was it was like someone was living. Yeah. Someone had created like a home in the Attic like there was like right over here. That was a bed that was like with like a imprint of a body in it. What the fuck? He's got. They move. Well, I got to check our attic bro. Be careful. Yeah. And continue what happened? Okay, somebody sucking the wind out of that. My aunt loves just left one of the cuz one of the baby cousin she was like three or something on the couch sleeping they came in and they saw like a like a hand like a the print of a hand holding the child's hair pulling it like as the baby was like crying like waking up. That was just hearing about that freaked the shit outta me when Emily was here. We were Sleeping she spent the night. Once we were both sleeping in the same bed, you know, whatever. I hope you know, we're all sleeping on the couch. By the way. Yeah, we're still sucks because I can cuddle and you Patrick but I may be bent but she woke up because she felt something pulling on her arm and her arm was up in the air on her own and her hand was limp and the minute she woke up her arm dropped in June my room my sister lived in a haunted house. She went to bed with her hair like tied up and it's all like she just fell Like that when she woke up, her hair was perfect. Like it was brushed braided and had a thing a hair tie in it. May I can go for that like magic just like sleep like way Kenny wake up like purple yo, bro my Dubrow I would love that so much. I give you a scalpel shot in there with food was she had a hair pin in her hair that she didn't home? All right. So we need we need to talk about one more thing if we're talking about ghosts clock wasn't told the story. It's just who I was very Source, but I think stories we could say if you're welcome. Yeah, we want to talk about is like the fact that in my grandma's room the light turns on by itself in the door opens by itself doors open lights on. Yep. And then I was like no way this is Cap. So I close it or turn it off again. I'm like Patrick. You won't believe what just happened. I walk into this kitchen, right and I walked back door open wide on so you're telling me right and everybody was in the ropes. You just want to see so you tell me right now if you ask her to maybe open the door to my house. She would you read? Oh, no, that is not how were cussing it. Fuck dude. There's a lot on over there. Yeah, then what oh, my fucking God will standing like that bro. We're scaring the shit out of ourselves. Good morning. into the kitchen where a clock like that was it was spinning backwards fuck then all of a sudden the the hand starts spinning opposite ways what I know no point in the gears won't even allow that to happen yeah you drugged me somebody was just twisting it around us was absolutely having fun with that clock admitted yeah like the Danish a ghost was having so much fun with that clock I'ma keep it real though if I was a ghost bro I would be so bored of course I'll be messed with with you as dude dude yeah why well you don't realize we can add a bonus episode after this we could do like a bonus go it's a bonus clip because I want a super ghost spooky or scary to unless you're like scary yourself shitless and maybe don't let yeah I know I know I know what I'm calling this episode We're airsoft gun. We're definitely gonna go to the party makes me feel better. Yeah. Well, we should record a vlog tonight will record a locket walked back to go with this tree. You guys are just so hopefully hopefully we get some Paranormal Activity. If not, then y'all won't see a vlog. If so, then you will see a Blog do I'm telling you I keep on hearing something. I hear something moving know I hear something like paper ruffling overestimate. Yeah. It's like papers ruffling over there. Yes, I do hear that also should give me Goose goose bumps over here. And I think it's Katie, but it's papers moving over there captain or never Oh, I hear that saying that thing it could be Katie gets to about Bridge. Just fucking music man. I love it. It really doesn't work like that either if you're like trying to catch a Paranormal Activity, but with me and Mitch heard that that moment or whatever from the dog that scared the fuck out of us. Yeah. Well like shit. It didn't scare me what I was like what? I think this would be a good time to start the podcast I need is a good place to create absolute No-No. So there has to be an hour. Come on now. It's a 55 are we gonna are gonna shoot on this video? Like yeah, we should have bonus mission paranormal stories if we gave paranormal activity or some funny moments in this next wall o wo c ya block. Yay. We're just gonna be a roommate. I swear they saw something. I'm done. All right. Thank you guys for listening and you guys have a great night and shot out right now. Love you guys shout out today. Stay up. Love you.