It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon. Going into the bloodstream the liver detects the presence of glucagon, the liver converts stores of glycogen back into glucose, so they can be released into the bloodstream this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration diabetes sufferers are not able to control their blood glucose levels. There are two types of diabetes in type 1 diabetes sufferers are unable to produce enough insulin type 1 diabetes develops during childhood. We do not know. What causes type 1 diabetes but we think that the body's immune system attacks. The pancreas cells. The main treatment is to inject insulin when blood glucose levels rise too high sufferers can also manage their diet and exercise regularly to keep blood glucose levels as steady as possible in type 2 diabetes sufferers can still produce insulin, but their body no longer responds to it type 2 diabetes usually develops later in life old age and being overweight a Nice does two of the primary risk factors because the body no longer responds to insulin injecting insulin will not help instead suffer as must manage their diet and exercise regularly to keep blood glucose levels steady everyone. Thanks for taking the time to listen to the episode. I hope it was useful for your learning. Make sure you consolidate your knowledge by clicking the link in the bio to be taken to the free online course. Good luck with your studies.