How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice.So I can't wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but that's all I look if you don't know me, I'm a hobo that resides in Phoenix, Arizona. I have a house. I have a okay. We're not gonna go there. I'm not gonna have a house in the back of our parking lot here know. So anyway episode 48 growth versus Comfort or growth or comfort you cannot both. I can't wait to get started. I do have a few announcements for those of you that have been asking and reaching out to all of us really so next weekend, not this weekend, but 13th and 14th, you know, we do have momentum and momentum is what I love about momentum. It's changed so many people's lives right people. Come here to get the content. Don't get me wrong. You know, they come here. They're like, okay, I'm going to get content. I'm going to learn a bunch of advanced strategies on all kinds of different subjects, right? But you know what also happens something Taps into their mindset and spirituality that just they unlock themselves. They totally unlock themselves go back home and they like triple down on their business in some cases, you know, a lot of people that have come by here like the Donnie Ruffins and Keith that bridge and Tiffany Burns and the list goes on and on and on those folks have gone back and created seven-figure companies, you know, God bless them for that. So that's going down on next weekend. If you are serious and you want to attend momentum we do have it's a last-minute special where 85% Sold, I think we're 90% sold as of this morning according to Ephraim. So we do have some seats left and we are running some specials reach out to me. If you're interested the other thing that we're doing that those same days, by the way, if you get the VIP is sold out for those of you that wanted to come VIP. It is sold out the people that are coming VIP. They get a field day at the office. So Thursday, you get to come to the office and Shadow every single position within our organization that's going to be a blessing. Being hands-on experience of what your organization your company should look like in the near future, but that same weekend. We are also doing an Acquisitions Workshop right across the hallway. Okay Acquisitions Workshop. So if you want to Triple down on yourselves, make sure that you reach out to us. It's very affordable. You are going to get the best acquisition training ever ever. We have two days full of content. This is going to be I promise after this first Workshop. The best acquisition cells Niche real estate Workshop in the entire country mark my words you heard it from us first before we even before we even lost our first Workshop. You heard it here. You heard it from us first. So again quick announcements. Let's Jump Right In to what everybody wants to know right growth growth or Comfort why why people can't have both so please enlighten us guys really quick. If you would just do me a kind favor and share this on your feet with a few people. And then comment down on what city you're from. I definitely want to know where our viewers and everyone is from so let's go so growth or comfort and man. I remember I remember when we first heard that and I'm in my mind couldn't really grasp the meaning or you know, how I could immediately pertain or adopt that in my personal life, but one thing over and over again that I just, you know, figure out it's like Or come to figure is there's two there's two extremes, right? There's two sides of it and you cannot have both you can't I'm writing the circle. I love it. You can't have both and and most people the reason whether they're stuck in a rut stuck emotionally financially and or in the relationship or just stuck in stagnant is because their residing in Comfort Comfort their residing in come why why do people reside in Comfort because they I want your answer. If right so people residing Comfort because it's safe because they feel like they're in control safe and control. Are you guys hearing this guys? Are you guys hearing this people reside in Comfort? Because they feel safe they feel warm and cozy they feel like they're in control, right? They feel like they're on the couch watching Netflix series, right so and eating a bowl of cereal you don't say like super comfy. Yeah, they people people like certainty. People people like to predict what's going to happen and because if if I know that if I go home and watch Netflix, there's nothing to it, but just that right you're being in comfort and you're feeling safe. You're feeling in control versus versus putting yourself in a situation of of growth right of a place where you can you can overcome those fears and get to wherever you want to be in life and for the for the comfort zone. So people people always want to feel safe then mind desires one thing and that's Comfort right and your soul desires growth growth to shine to love to the to be light. Yeah, right and there's your mind is always battling your soul and the moment that you let that over like honestly for me. It starts in the morning. It starts in the morning because it sets the tone for the whole day because if I wake up and I don't do my morning routine. I don't get an in tune and in contact like in tune with with For how much do you love? You know how we travel a lot? Yeah, man, and I hate saying this because I don't want to subconsciously create a barrier between me and opportunities because when you have opportunities, right, you have to travel right? You have to travel right you go to speaking engagements podcast blah blah blah, right? Yeah, but the fact that matter is the only reason why I don't like to travel the only reason is because I love being home. I love being comfortable at home. But when I when I say comfortable at home, I'm talking about my routines. Right? Like I have my power 3 in the morning. What are my power 3 first and foremost is prayer. That's my first thing Arthur first priority is prayer right second priority for me is making sure that I am present in the morning with my seven-year-old daughter who's up, you know and getting ready for school 2nd grader right and and taking her to school. That's my second. Then third is for the most part is hitting the gym, you know, even if that means like, you know, 30 45 minutes, whatever it is. So those are my power 3 in the morning. That's those are already victories, right? So I love being home for that reason because I love my routines, right? Okay, so let's talk about your routine, but see but see that that's you for a lot of people they like to be home because they don't want to be out in public. They don't want to be in somewhere where they may feel embarrassed or maybe not accepted or worthy enough to be around how to help. My not aware of this most people because I'm not aware that that that's well, you know, you know, you know, why? No because that was me really? Yeah, man, like when you when you're in a dark true Godfrey when you're in a dark when you're in a dark dark dark place, you don't, you know, you you don't want to be around anything. You don't want to be out. You don't want to take the risk to do anything or go to a real estate Meetup or event you don't because you rather confining your own walls of We're AKA you have control when you really know know what's going through we can control we can only control our actions in our attitude, right and our thoughts. Mmm. Well and again, the brain will send you thoughts, but it is your responsibility to be aware of what's going on and counter any bad thought with the please enough time. We can control the awareness but not the thoughts because we have you right now thousands and thousands. Yeah, especially for entrepreneurs were there dump thoughts and you know, they did I leave the stove on that leave the garage door open really right. It's like yeah because our minds seeks protection or comfort so it's good. So it's actually it's actually a good thing. Right but it's a good thing because our ancestors used to run from saber to freakin lying fight or flight mode. Yeah. So we want to be comfortable you want to be in the cave of fire on and if and and plus on the your mind Six Comforts of his like cold, you know, it's going to tell you it's going to respond and tell you it's cold. So when you seek shelter AKA Comfort, but so it's not a bad thing sir protective mechanism. But where the bad thing is for now and this age is that it limits you from the growth side lack of growth lack of growth. You know, what's crazy. Let me take a deep breath for a second because that coffee has me wired up. I haven't even drank mind. I'm already sweating. Okay, so let me just say this. What's crazy is that people this is the epitome right the living example of how being comfortable and my opinion ruined your life. It does it ruins your life. People aren't even know where right awareness is a huge thing. Let me ask you this. Because I would I'll be the first to say I still residing comfort in some areas of my life. Right and now I'm just aware like this last year been more aware of everything and changing it. But if we do a an inventory of our own lot or a whole life whether you know, like and I call it the 8 pillars of your life, right the 8 pillars of the life physical social emotional occupational. Can I write those down here? So what you're saying so eight pillars pillar down for you guys, right? By the way, who's still with us? Who loves this subject who loves the subject guys show me some hard. Show me some love. Say me me me me me who loves this. This is the stuff that people aren't talking about know. There's this is the shit that entrepreneurs aren't talking about and an our goal is to simplify the process because guys I've studied like, dr. Joe dispenza. I've studied all these narrow Mind Body doctors and I'm telling you this information is pretty complex when you when you when you keep but when you unlock that information, yeah when you unlock it is game changer, but I'm really just trying to simplify it on a base level for us to understand and then and then do something with it within our let me they pillar let's go so eight pillars of Life physical. This is not an order by the way physical physical social social emotional emotion occupational occupational Financial Financial way for its spiritual spiritual intellectual intellectual and Environmental And environmental environmental boom baby service. Yeah, love it love it. So when you do an inventory on those things like okay my living in Comfort or growth. Yeah for I can I can sit here and or yeah sit here and say that for the business side for occupational and financial and spiritual. It's on the growth side, but then I can say physical. I'm like, okay, I'm residing in comfort in some areas of my life, right? So just having that having that awareness and be In honest with yourself is that's that's key. I feel like I feel like that's one thing that the world or Society lacks right awareness awareness. See now, right even an incident yesterday, right? I was I became aware of, you know, the things I said and I'm like, oh, you know my personality over exceeded my principles. I became aware of it and I went over there and I said, hey I want to publicly you know what? I mean, you know what I mean? You know what Karen my mind. I'm like don't judge. Somebody on what they do judge them on their ability to respond. Wish I was taking a responsibility I respond. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, you did you did. Yeah, which which is because I because now I have awareness but for a lot of people like I mean, they could be holding onto a moment in their life where maybe they had a huge discussion with their mother or father or seminars and then they let that heat at them and ruin it. Yes for their entire life sometimes right where it's like it would take maybe five to ten minutes to express your your emotions, but I've been also beers riving Factor, right? That could also be a driving Factor. Like if your father once said when you were a child, you ain't never going to be shit. You can be like damn. I'm never gonna be shit, right or you can be like I'm going to prove this do wrong and I'm gonna be somebody so I did that and it didn't feel good. What because you're yeah, your motive is not on an elevated emotion. It's on a but most people don't understand that. So at least it gives them the motivation the one you it did and it helped me Propel my success for when I'm Like man, nobody believed him everybody abandon me like I'm gonna do this for me. Okay, and then you get to a point where like like this isn't for me. This is very bad for everybody. So then it becomes you become you get a bigger capacity to than take responsibility for I love around you, but I love it. Yeah, you can't you can't base your motivation on on what would you call that what your motivation based off the lack of believe or the haters or you know what? I mean? Like like don't don't Don't do it to prove somebody wrong do it to prove yourself right and let me ask you this. So when did would you okay? So we went over those eight pillars and would you say in some areas areas of your life? There's a little comfort. You know what I feel like there's a lot less Comfort now right in my life a lot less because at one point you get you've seen this if I get comfortable, what do I do? What happens to me? Users get a I start to flip out right I start to flip out imagine that so I went from one extreme to like the other right right because clock in and out think about it. Like, oh I got to get up. You know, let me take a shower. Let me put my shoes on blah blah blah blah blah. Let me drive to work to work out in a place. I don't really like any more on board with I get there. I do the bare minimum right? I'm on my phone and I'm kind of screwing that company over and guess what I'm screaming. Myself over the most your time because now I'm there for 8 to 10 hours or whatever. Then I'm really working for two to three and I'm just wasting my life wasting my days every single time that I will not get back days that I will not get back years that I will not get back. Right? So that is I want I want people to know out there that are one point if you can break mentally out of that. Oh, I have to be comfortable if you can break out of that you were Going to fly you are going to fly because at one point you're going to be uncomfortable when you get comfortable. You're like damn I feel uncomfortable. I'm not growing right I need to do something. Like I can't keep doing this every day. I have no direction. I haven't accomplished anymore. You know, I'm hitting a plateau, you know, like that's how I get I get crazy if I get comfortable. I'm not a good I'm not I'm not a nice person you see me. So yeah have seen you. I'm not an I've been on the other end of it, and I'm not Comfortable I start lashing. I become frustrated because I don't like being comfortable. Right? So for the comfort zone, I also call it the fear zone, right? And for the fears on I got some notes Here. I want to share with you guys. So for the fear Zone, it's the reason that you're in a fears on our comfort zones because lack of self-confidence and you're always finding excuses and you're always affected by other people's opinions AK and some I mean most of them is family. That sucks, right? So for and what what I see time time and time again, especially like over this last year of just like okay, I'm aware of it. Like let me see how it pertains in my life and let me see how it pertains another people's lives and sometimes I won't even tell the other person but I'm like, hey, I see this. Yeah, right and like I'm aware of it, but then I don't like some people aren't ready for it. So then I just do a diagnosis on myself like hey, okay, this person is dealing with comfort and fear in this. Of their life. Am I doing the same? It just brings more awareness to me, but most people because they're making so many excuses. They're running from the truth. They're running from the truth and then they cover it up with like justify what they just associations with more. You say rat rash, you're right. They rationalize their rationalize with more comfort and growth right? So then they become blank like so it's actually just pause on that. So I was watching A Tony Robbins video where she or he's interviewing a robot. I think it's like Sophia and and I think he asked like something like hey, what'swhat's you know, what do you think is the difference between you know Ai and human behavior means did you catch that? No, it actually kind of like what's the difference between artificial intelligence and human being, you know in Iraq and I'm paraphrasing but she said something like there's there's not much difference. Right and and it wasn't necessarily like it wasn't that deep what she was meeting is like humans have preset programmed actions every single day that they're acting like robots because they're living in Comfort like you said earlier. Like I was I was going to work. I was waking up every single morning. You probably had this same routine every single day brother. You don't understand. Times where like during that time I was actually headed somewhere else, but my muscle memory I got off on that wrong exit went to work. I'm like, wait, what am I doing here, you know like early in the years. I'm like, I don't even work here anymore. You know what? I mean? Like muscle memory, right? I've already gone to our old office two or three times my God you see and we moved here in December. So I've already drove totally across town two or three times like guys. I'm sorry. I drove to the wrong office. So you see I am preset, but you see what she meant by that. At know like we're like we live like we're program. We're probably okay well grow but we're self. We're not only self programmed. We're probably out buying diet e Society a society by a by our parents by our teachers. You see what I'm saying? So you're absolutely right. We are robotic, right? So then I'm programming we have the ability to choose, you know new information that we want to make a download which I love oh my God week, but we beseech. You can either download things on the Comfort side or on the growth side. And for a lot of people there in taking comfort Comfort Comfort covid covid other people's opinions AKA distractions and and running away from really how they feel inside. Most people are doing the same thing over and over again and it always starts with the decision. What would happen? All right. Let me tell you this what would happen because brother, you know, what's crazy. Eighty eighty to ninety percent of people in their jobs right now if they're watching I don't know if they're watching they want to do something bigger than what they're doing. Right would you say like nine out of ten people are like I want to write work. Our souls are meant to what shine we're lighthouses, right? We're meant to shine and we're meant to shine on other people and bring them to the light. Is that correct? So 9 out of 10 people want to do something more than what they're doing, right? But they live in fear, they live in fear and not in a lot of that fear is programmed through Comfort right there like no, I'm comfortable. I don't want to do this. I don't want to I don't want you to take this coat off of me so I can be cold. You know, I know what it feels like to be called. I don't want to go out there and be cold AKA going beyond the cold be an entrepreneur right and just fend for yourself. We have no guarantees. We don't punch a clock there pulled their pool. Over and over on the Comfort side because of the identity they've created for themselves. So in order to in order to literally change, you have to create a new identity. There's a reason if you guys follow me on Instagram, I will I'm always posting. I'm the man of my dreams. Yeah, because the man of my dreams yesterday is not the man of my dreams today. It is always evolving always getting bigger and more purposeful and more on Mission. So when it comes to somebody making that decision they got to reinvent themselves. Elves don't let me ask you something what would happen if nine out of these 10 people write these these folks that are in, you know in jobs that they may not like or they're bored with their like dude. I just hit the ceiling I there's no more growth for me, right? You know what I do love like when I was an intrapreneur I was in a company and I was grown in a company, right? I love growing right? I love growing like, okay, I went from like shift manager to assistant manager to manager and training to you know branch manager to regional manager District, whatever right? So I'm grown. I'm grown. I'm grown. Good guy, so I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying right because then we get addicted to growth right but what would happen if a lot of these folks stepped into a zone of awareness and just said if they just said this to themselves, you know what I am not where I want to be and I'm too fucking afraid to do something about it. Holy shit takes a lot. Holy shit and people said that something would like trigger in their mind. They do you believe it. Do you believe that what happened takes courage it takes courage, even for me like, you know, they're in every success Journey when you really think about it. There's there's that moment when you make that decision, will you put your you put the fork in the ground? And you say I'm going to fucking I'm drawing xylina do this. Yeah, like like you just like let go with the old and bring on the new and it's it's one of the scariest things. But where the faith has to reside is knowing that God doesn't put you through a journey that he's not there with you. Why do people why do people how come they don't take risk because of the F-word? Oh because the fear yeah because of fear so, you know people may not know this I feel a lot of people like myself even though oh my God, I adapted the American way, right the American way nine out of ten people is, you know, go to school. Memorize a bunch of shit because you're not being creative at this point. This is what I took my my daughter right? She's like memorizing poems and memorizing test and memorizing studies and right so go to school memory memory memory memory memory. So what happens to creativity that's out the window, right? So memorize memorize memorize memorize, you know, go to high school graduate go to college, you know, graduate or drop out and go get a job go get a job, right so that The programming that America has right they America loves employees, right? There's like there's I mean if you if you compare employs two CEOs, it's probably like a thousand to one or something right? It's crazy. So I feel like people like myself and people like Sal people like yourself. Well people like myself in this particular case is I was an immigrant at some point right? I'm a citizen now, but I was an immigrant at some point. So I was always at risk I've been dealing with Risk, my whole life. You see what I'm saying? As a five-year-old, you know knocking on doors trying to sell bread. I mean someone could of just snatch me and you know, God knows what would have happened. Yeah sneaking through the Border took a lot of risk was I was I afraid so would you say that? I was definitely afraid we're going somewhere here. So would you say that all that helped Propel you forward a hundred percent? Okay a hundred percent you're aware of that. Yes. Most people aren't most people are week. Bye. Week paycheck to paycheck. They got a family with two kids Jesus and they're not taking the responsibility of doing more not just for them. But for their family, they're not aware of it and go there and there I don't want to say blinded but they're pushing it to the side because they're residing in Comfort. Why are there not aware of number one the light that they can shine not just for themselves, but for others, but they're not aware of like if you just get over that line from Comfort to Growth your family's going to thrive you're going to have to maybe you everything right off the food stamps. You can you can have some peace of mind knowing that you know on the first rent money is there right that that you don't have to I don't know like, you know, you don't have to you don't have to settle you can Thrive but people so you're saying like man, like I had all these things against me, but no looking back it help you probably helped Propel you forward and right now people are not aware of what I have a huge. Risk, I have a huge tolerance for risk which is what people have a very low tolerance for people don't like to risk. Why because they live in fear, right people don't like and in what is fear being uncomfortable? You see it's all like connected. It's all connected and that's what folks don't understand. You know what I mean? So again, man, I just I really wish that people can truly unlock themselves out of this programming because people man They're acting like they're acting like they this isn't an act right like you get to re-enact this like no man, like yesterday. He's gone. Yeah, I posted a half positive picture of said life ain't no rehearsal. The cameras always roll unbelievable. I didn't read drink on and read that but I'll tell you what people act people act like they get to do this twice they do and I'll tell you what powerful conversation this morning at the house. I feel so bad. My father-in-law is losing his hearing right? He's losing his hearing. Well why he's been driving a city of Phoenix dumpster truck is whole life and guess what? It's really loud in there, right? Yeah, imagine 20 years of that you can do every day. Yeah everyday image, right? I feel so bad, you know and I don't mean to put his business out here because I love him and he's one of the best best human beings I've ever met in my life, right amazing. Oh my God amazing, right? So imagine this I said Joe brother. It's time to retire. No no Carlos. If I do three more years, I get an extra two hundred dollars a month on my retirement plan. Mmm, two hundred dollars a month on my retirement plan brother. You might not make it another three years and you know, I hope that's not the case but life ain't guaranteed on and now you're gonna ice. I'm not brought like no come on man. $200. Come on man, like SI worth it, you know. Yeah, you know, I mean just your 50-something whatever like just retire now who cares about those extra two hundred dollars, you know, you're losing your hearing you're losing your health. Right? Right it be present like enjoy life. It's too bad. You didn't get to enjoy life when you know when you were my age or your age because we're enjoying life to the fullest, right if I want to pick up right now go to Hawaii and spend an entire day 30 days there. I'll be there for 30 days right? I'm enjoying Life now because I know that life is short. It's not guaranteed and you don't get to do this twice. We've had a lot of reminders that it's short over the last three months. Oh my God, right the first two months were tough. So when you when you live like I posted yesterday. I'm like, I'm really living this life. Like it's my last day every single day and it becomes more purposefully become more present and then you don't you don't you don't rationalize what your own mind and you don't live in fearing and comfort because you know, hey, tomorrow's not Just let me make the best out of it. Let me go in my Grove Zone. Let me go on my genius mode and actually create something I just for me, but for others, you know, what's crazy. You can ask my man Luigi. By the way. This is how you know that you want to operate in your zone of Genius at all times, right? You know me bro. I'm very lazy when it comes to put things together. I'm like, hey Louise you can you come over. Why is that though? Why I want I want the audience to hear because all I care about all I care about is inserting. New information into my brain that is what purposeful purposeful helpful to write and serves others and serves others. I don't want to learn how to put together a computer a microphone, you know, you know I'm saying like I don't care about that. I don't want to know how to put together a fan or how to hang a television right? I don't care about that. It doesn't serve me and it doesn't serve others for me to know that, you know, I am a lighthouse on a freaking Rock. I'm supposed to let my my light shine. Ensign another people. So I said Luigi do me a favour brother. Okay, come over to my house set up my new computer, right? I got a 16 gigabyte HP the big old monitor that you like right? I got the microphone ready to go at home. I love having a great home office, right Luigi. Come over right? Boom. Me and Luigi, you know, I take him out. We have some Chick-fil-A and then I gave him $200 just to put my computer again either. I rather penis man. Y'all. Here's 200 bucks. Thank you, brother. You're the best, you know. What was I doing? I was taking care of other business that can make me, you know, thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars most amount of people and serve more people while he's doing that. So everybody's playing a beautiful raw and right in their own way. Okay. So again when you get to that level and you understand you understand that you need to operate in your level of Genius, that means that you're already past that Comfort mode because if you want to operate in your level of Genius, you're going to have to go through the growing pains. A get there. There's a question that you guys can ask yourselves and it just it just came to me right now. Are you living a life where you are utilizing the most creativity within yourself not only to serve yourself but others mmm and it doesn't have to be explained to them that serving others doesn't have to be thousands or Millions, right? We had like a good so and and the big leap was a great book I recommend by. By Hendrix they talk about living in your true zone of Genius. Right your true creativity where it where you are the most fulfilled and happy and then you can serve the most people for some people it could be a bakery. Right a bakery words, like I love what I do and I love to make others people other people happy for some people it could be driving an ice cream truck drive him. Look at watching the kids has run to the ice cream truck and be and how you like that. That fulfills you right because what I remember what I said in today's video If you guys haven't checked out today's video on my Instagram I said be happy right now, you know what I'm saying? Like right now be happy right now if you're driving an ice cream truck and you're going around and and every time you make a stop there's kids running up to you or like you're like you're the world. I hope that should make you happy and if that makes you happy then guess what you've accomplished the This form of success. Is that correct? That's right happiness the highest form of success. We know a lot of success. I'm sorry. We know a lot of financially successful people that are absolutely miserable broken, you know broken marriages bad relationships unethical business moves, right? That's not what you want. That's not the way again you only get to do this once do it right and you can't run away from the truth about how Fill inside so although they may be successful. What is your damn? Shame what happens when you have guilt and shame when you're when you're operating like that your fuse your you're on the lowest vibrational frequency that there is guilt and shame by the way. I want to I want to engage the crowd real quick guys. If you guys thought we were a one-trick pony. No, right. We're not just about real estate. We're not just about entrepreneurship. We're about life. We're about growth. We're about spirituality mindset. You guys already know that you know, we that's what we love the most. Most because it's like you can't have one without the other. Okay. So if you guys are enjoying this kind of talk and this is helpful to your life to your soul to your mind. Give us some hearts. Give us some love say hey, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I need this. I'm so glad that you know, you guys are doing this because we do this for you we're serving for you. This is free. You know, this is free. We don't charge anybody. I paid I paid thousands and thousand solar you think that worked exactly so Okay, so guys, how can I apply this to my personal life? Right Alex Carlos, you know, I'm hearing all the information. You know, I kind of get it I kind of don't how can I change certain areas of my life right number one and I didn't plan this I was thinking not going to say this but number one awareness right? You have to become aware of. Okay. What where am I living my life in Comfort? Where am I living my life in fear? What am I rationalizing? Right? Am I am I hiding my potential? Rachel my Hiding my light and might not sharing enough light with the world. You have to be brutally honest with yourself, right and you know deep inside that you cannot run from the truth. So if you feel a certain way like damn like you do an inventory of your The a-pillars Laughing say man, I'm living in comfort in my relationship. I'm not present with my kids or family. I'm not fully there. I'm not prioritizing them. I'm not hey, I'm setting a bunch of business trips, but I'm not setting up, you know future plans family, right I'ma trips, right? We know plenty. That and not just in in relationships, but it spirituality and emotional and and business-wise. Where are you living in Comfort right become aware and be brutally honest with yourself. It's going to take a lot of Courage. It is scary. It's very scary. To be honest with yourself. It really is even if no one's watching there's there's a sense of fear of like man. I'm not I'm not I'm not sharing my life with the world. I'm I'm being too comfortable for me. It's like I'm being like now I'm like I'm dialed in now, but for for four years like man, I'm I'm doing great in business, but I go home and I eat a bunch of junk food. Then then lowers my my energy, right? Yeah, and then it just it just became a vicious cycle after cycle of pre-program. That's why I'm saying like, we're like robots, right? But you have to know you have to be aware of the programming and the habits that you want to adopt and everything and every single day. Number one awareness be brutally honest with yourself number 2 Vision, you have to visualize and envision a new you. Right, you have to give yourself a new identity every single day. I always say I'm the man of my dreams, right and you all and you want to and you want to know you won't know what the biggest thing that and I hope you guys literally use this in your everyday life the Mind responds and and and talks and communicates with dialogue through questions. Right? Did I leave the stove on am I doing the right thing? Some people are walking down the aisle their wedding and like did I am I doing the right thing is this worth it like your mind is always asking questions. So use that to your advantage ask yourself. What does the man of my dreams dress like healthy? Walk? How does he breathe? How does he speak? Does it treat others he treat others. How present is he? What kind of business does he have? What kind of impact on the world? Is he doing? Right man, or woman you want to ask yourself? You want to be super defining your questions where you start thinking about that and it becomes it becomes really fun when you do that. And that's step. Number two Vision ask yourself those questions ask yourself. How do you walk? How do you how do you breathe? How do you feel? How is your relationships? How do you how are you present with your kids? How do you conduct business? What kind of core values of the man or woman of your dreams? Have you want to have the vision and number three and this is where we're going to transition from the fear and comfort side to the growth side, which is I'm super excited to talk about this number 3 is a game. Plan right before you enter enter your zone of Genius your growth Zone. You have to go through something that's called The Learning Zone The Learning is learning Czar has owned the Learning Zone. Okay, let's do this. This is where you start dealing with the challenges and problems that you have in your everyday life. You start facing them head-on you what do most people do they turn the other way avoid and they avoid the avoid pain they avoid pain the avoid pain, but you You cannot heal something. If you don't face to face the pain absolutely like if you break her arm just leave it there. That's what people are doing with their life. Right instead of like I'm gonna get this heels. I could feel better and start utilizing my arm. Wow, right? So I'm on a roll here. This is so keep going learning low State paying attention. He's taking nose. Let's go god. Let's go. Let's go Godfrey. So Learning Zone do and face the fear and the pain that you know his presence. Stop looking the other way stop rationalizing with yourself. Stop going out on the weekends and hiding your emotions of how you truly feel. Wow. I've done that. I've done that. You already know I've been there, right? Yeah, then you have to learn to develop confidence and confidence is going to be developed with your ability to instill new skill sets within yourself, right building your tool set up building your skill set up and guys in this in this Amanda is this the age of the internet and this time of the internet there's so much information that you can start using and learning about to help you become a better you a better businessman a better father a better Soul a better light to the world unbeliev. So Learning Zone then after you start learning right once you guys this doesn't like I went super extreme like no keep going super no no. No I'm saying in my in my journey where I'm like where I felt little paint or I feel a lot of pain I felt A lot of comfort and fear in certain areas of my life. I'm like when you start approaching it's like you can either Sprint walk or jog. You know, what do you prefer to do? I you sprinted is rented. I got a plane. Yeah. Yeah, so but why though because you wanted out for one of you want out of it. So for me I wanted out of it, but I have such a duty and responsibility to the world and our mission that I'm like the faster that I heal and myself and all. Areas and become Elite in all areas the Quaker that I can help others. That was my so I didn't make it about me. I'm looking forward to the day where I have a six pack again. I'm not going to lie about that lie. Yeah Elite that was really, you know, there was that I don't have kids so I can't say but not for me. It was like the quicker that I can share information. And that I've learned and actually helping transform other people's lives. But what I'm trying to say is whether you walk jog or Sprint, there's no there's no right or wrong. The thing is you have to create that motion, right? You have to create that motion. So then you go in momentum with your journey. So once you go through your Learning Zone, you know what one question that Jeremy asked me one of our mentors. Mmm. He said what skill sets and abilities. Do do you need to be the man of your dreams? Right? What skill sets and abilities do I need to do I need to do I need to develop in order for me to be the man of my dreams powerful because then you're like, you know what I So like you said it goes back to your the way your brain operates right asking these questions asking these questions. So then I started asking myself like okay, you know billing or Alex probably needs to be a really good salesman really has to be able to handle a lot of stress because we know that the bigger you get stress does not go down. So, how do I do that? What kind of habit so I want to talk to my everyday life so I can endure that amount of stress what how to like do I? Know if I'm going to be a public speaker what kind of skill sets and develop and and abilities I need to develop in order to be elite in that area. So then you start asking yourself all these questions and then the answers start coming boom, right? So once you go through your Learning Zone, then you enter your zone of Genius, which is your growth Zone. This is where you begin to find your purpose you live you live every day. Like, it's your last you live in a dream you're constantly setting new goals and you're constantly constantly conquering new objectives. Which is your growth is on. There you go. There you have it. I want to answer some questions. Let's go. Just go Kido. Okay. I want to answer some questions. What questions do you guys have? Let's take the next two to five minutes to answer some questions whether we want to admit this or not. This is something Jeremy Tommy 86% 87% of people. Are living in pain their hurts, right? I was there there they're frustrated with themselves, right? They're frustrated or that they're unhappy with their marriages. There aren't happy with the relationships are unhappy with their jobs pain pain pain pain pain, right? Yep, and it's a vicious cycle is like every day. They do something that puts them deeper in that hole. Yep, even like they're like, I'm frustrated. I'm unhappy but every day boom, you know what I mean? So, What questions do you guys have? That we can try to help you with today. We're not perfect. We are not far from perfect. But I'll tell you what, this is something my spiritual Mentor taught me progression not Perfection progression not Perfection every single day. If I am progressing if I am making myself a few other version of me, you're walking jogging or sprinting but still it's progress progress progress. That's always like guys like you don't have to go in. Crazy hippie more like I went like you don't but progress is progress. What book is this from? I have no clue now. There's there's a yeah, this is not from a book, but I can give you guys some good resource Jonathan Avila much love my brother. Here's some good resources number one. If you have not read the big leap by gay Hendricks. That is the perfect book to become to begin to become aware about your upper limit problems right the things. Holding you back in life. So the big leap by gay Hendricks shoot. Let me know if you kind of for the book. I'll send you one. So powerful it is. Let me let me ask you this. By the way, Jessica Evans is saying what would it take for people to be happy? What would it take for people to be keep in mind Jessica? I unfortunately this is a really tough statistic to accept but 9 out of 10 people are not happy. So what it's going to take for people to be happy is going from the guilt shame and anger that they're living in and going and it's a it's a cross right? You have to cross this path. So then you begin to have desire and then neutrality right? You begin to accept what is What isn't and then you go into Joy Bliss and love what's what it's going to take for people to be happy is to start living in joy and love gratitude gratitude. Yeah, right gratitude. Yes. So let me let me say this. I love that by the way, great answer. Um, Renee Lopez says what I took from you guys as money is just money be in the moment. You know, what's crazy Renee Lopez. I sat with her on the flight back from San Antonio and she lives in, California. for Nia So she was she's going through a lot of pain a lot of pain and she's trying to get her first deal and she was completely like completely torn apart and she goes to ground zero right and like she's you know, she's like, oh my God, like, you know, obviously when you guys will not there at unlocked a lot it revealed a lot, etc. Etc. And then guess what? She's sitting in a corner I get in right QQ from This respect we appreciate what you did for us. He flows out through Southwest Airlines. We spoke at his event in Southwest Airline, you know, it's like freezer like whatever seat you get or whatever see you choose. Yeah. She's sitting in that you know, she has a bad knee. She used to be an EMT, right and she was sitting in the corner. And at first I'm like, you know me, I like leg room right? I'm a bigger dude. So she's sitting in that corner and then boom me and Vanessa sit right next to her. She goes. Oh my God. This is a confirmation from God. Oh, whoa. She's Like I just saw you on stage. I've never met you before this is a confirmation from God. We took pictures. I told her the two things that I needed her to work on which by the way you got to send their a login for something. Yeah my God that I promised her. Yeah, you know, you know us like We're Men of our word and we're men of principles and we keep our word our promises. So Renee, you know what I hope to God that, you know, the things that I told you that I felt like you needed to fix. I hope that you take Those home and you start taking Massive Action. Okay, Jessica says love cures pain. So I Claudio great question and input so check this out do entrepreneurs like us ever get a get to a point where we feel good about what we've built in business over the years and feel fulfilled enough to call it quits and step away from all business to only focus on spending time with family. Yes, and no guys. Yes, and the the day that you keep telling yourself like when I get this amount of money when I get this type of business, I'm going to spend more time with my family. I'm going to be more pres I'm gonna go on vacations that is absolutely start doing that isn't bullshit start doing that. Now if you're truly living in the present moment, you're already doing that. Now most people are they're they're setting a they're setting a goal that as Foreigners, even if you accomplish it, there's going to be more especially if you're in the growth aspect look at us. Yeah, if you're in the growth aspect, you're always going to be trying to shine your light on more and more people or more and more things. Right. So even if you build a hundred million dollar business, if you are truly living in your zone of genius and and and growth it's not there's not going to be a day that that you like. Oh, I'm done. I'm gonna go and focus on that and then you said young dog just said that he's thinking about quitting music to spend 24/7 with his love life that tells me that he that he's that balance that tells me that he's not bouncing about that. He might present to extremism music and neglected all these other areas of his life. And yeah, he did well financially and may be socially but as far as everything else, he neglected all those areas guys like the key to the game used to be a lie in all areas and you can do that. If you're if you're present and aware of it think about it, right what something that I struggle with personally. Me and salbo struggle with presence being present. Yeah, always we're thinking I'm aware. I'm yeah, I'm always thinking I live in the future, right? So I'm already aware that I'm trying to be more present. Now. I'm trying to spend more time with my family right now. Not not you know when I'm 40 or 50 or whatever when we reach a hundred million what I'm not right now, you know, like I'm trying to be the little time that I have like I'm trying to be more present right now, you know, and and honestly, it feels amazing. Let me ask because I've asked you Listen, I think it hits you when I asked you and I want to ask the audience does the Quant so when it comes to family. Is it a Matt what's more important the quality of time of the quantity quality Quality quality, right all day quality all day, you know, listen guys. I can tell you from personal experience when I had a job. I worked long hours, right? You work 10 12 hours. You get home. You're paid shit. You're paid to survive then you get home. Home and you're too tired to play with your kids. So are you really present? Are you really spending quality time with them anyway, so now I'm broke and I'm not present like it's like a double whammy so now I'm like, you know what? Okay, I'm no longer broke then God. Well now I want to try to spend quality time with them quality time with them right? I'll give you a perfect example two weeks ago. We went to California. I rented a beach front property Jesus Christ. I needed that so much. you know you start like seeing like you know you start seeing things that you're normally not like oh my God I can't believe she's already seen that it you know because you start spending quality time with them you you have two daughters two beautiful daughters thank you how fast are they grow man I was looking at my my one-and-a-half-year-old this morning and I'm like oh my God like like in no time like she's going to be Michaela size and you know and I spend some quality time man like if you ask my wife like this morning I'm following Around she's showing me she says be meet me. Like, come on me. Come with me. Come on. SO can come see me right. So I spend some quality time with her this morning. I didn't go to the gym because I worked out hard yesterday and we had you know, football players, whatever. I'm not you know, I don't go to I don't have to go to the gym this morning. Let me spend some quality time with not only taking my daughter to school right and having conversations with her, but also spending some quality time with my one and a half year old. Let's see what she's up to. You see what I'm saying? Like nasty what she has going on. Right now, you know, so if you operate it from the belief of the past like oh when we get to this level, I'm going to spend more time with my family. You would only come to realize that fast forward 10 years 10 years later. They're already grown. Right ten years. Let's say say you weren't being present with your kids. Now. I'm going to live with us for 10 years. I'm gonna live with regret fast forward 10 years half a billion dollar company, right? And then Michaela's she's eight sixty seven eight seven seven fast forward 10 years later. She's already probably going to college all is she's moving out. Right? So now you have this company, but you miss all the present and the and the blessings of all those you give me anxiety to even think about that. Yeah, that's why it's so important. Yeah spent spend quality time. So read that in bro. Yeah. Oh my God, I had to okay, so so true. Alright guys, so and unless there's any more questions coming in I think hopefully we were able to speak some light into your life today. Right and this is like we pay for mentorship combine. We probably pay eight to ten thousand dollars every single month on mentorship. This is stuff. We learn, you know every single day and we just want to know what like just like we do with all our with our real estate stuff, right we pay for it. We learn it and then we, you know, give it out to the world. Right and and that's what we're doing right now. You know, this is stuff. We paid to learn and it's been it's been like life-changing, right? Formation like it's been it's been transforming so great answer I do feel. Okay? Okay. So anyway guys much love I appreciate all of you today might you know, my name is Carlos Reyes. And again, I'm an instrument of service to you guys. Mr. Alex Alex signs guys, man. That was a powerful. I feel like a lot of people required to hear that information. If this served you in any way, please send this episode to Shana a few of your family members if I mean, Send this to whoever you feel compelled to share it with absolutely. Let them not not for our you know, not for our benefit, but for theirs we didn't we didn't we didn't let go of the gas today guys. Okay, and this is out of love for you guys. Like we want to share this light with the world, you know so much love episode 40 48 is what are you doing, baby? Let's go. God bless you guys next week. Peace.