Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big production number where we're all going to get up on the desk and you're going to want to stay tuned on actually though. I'm not sure this could handle all three of us standing on it. Probably not. Yeah we break up. I will I'll be the one I will be the one to break it is the thing. Yeah. Well, it's like, you know, there's a It's I get up there and it's like you creaks and cracks and gaps are and it creaks again as he grabs her it's the straw and then straw that broke the camel's back. Anyway, thank you so much for joining us today on Marvel movie news. Be sure to like comment rate subscribe all those places wherever you happen to be listening to this show. You can follow us on Twitter at Marvel moves Marvel news ptn. And also the popcorn talk. I'm Zack wasn't that's Christian Blatt. Hey, that's me. And that's the end of certain what? I got so confused. We switch places. I started say hi when he was introducing you because it's used to be me and my brain was like yellow. I don't know what you're talking about. Uh-huh. I don't know the difference. You're the same person to me. We've all done wrong Ryan. Mr. Fantastic Nilsson in the boom. Banana in it music stops, then we're pie. I'm so excited to hear photos and and leaks and all the Marvel news. Yeah. That's who you sound like. That's super easy. We and nerdy so we have so there's a comedian that he sounds like I just got that my head. I was like, why does this sound so familiar right guy right guy comedian? That's better than what I always get which is Eugene. Mirman. I don't know who that is Gene from Bob's Burgers. Now you all hear it forever than Eugene Levy and we've got covid o helping us out from the starjammer on Twitter. Let's talk some news. We're a tweet like we tease them for the show, but we're going to talk about some new Mutant stuff. Some eternals news and then like some stuff about like black widow Loki She-Hulk. And the big thing we want to talk about is to debunk a big rumor that spread last week and then have some fun with it regarding. Mr. Henry Cavill. Is it filler Cavill? No idea the chat is having an ongoing conversation. I've always been I've always heard Cavill, but that doesn't mean it's right. I didn't even know the chat was doing it. I just got but I've sent a different thing than I said at the beginning of the show. I didn't know that like Like and just this just because his name pronunciations. I was calling Neil Peart Neil Peart my entire life until he died and someone was like Neil Pierre and I was like, what the hell are you? Totally Rush nerd say that way. But yeah, you know, maybe it's a tomato tomahto thing. It's Cavalier Cavill. Well, here's the home. I asked Ryan in the booth because maybe our cohorts over on DC movie news. Yeah. Say his name a lot more than we do true. They say it they say Henry Cavill Cavill. That's even weirder yo yo, yo Lisa VI think there was a burp my tried to play it off like a lemon water. You said like a veal parmesan Camille parmesan. That sounds delicious. I do with most things. I will default to Roxy stryer on this one. We all shared. It's a good just unit basis for Life. Anyway, we'll get to that in a little bit. But I first want to start off in the realm of feature films coming down the pike. We're less than a month away from New Mutants it guys. I kind of forgot about it because it was all this other stuff going on and then we did the morbius trailer and I was and it snuck up on me and I was like, oh crap that's coming out like soon. I had to sneak up on you. I had to explain I went on I want to first date recently in like Marvel came up and I was like, they're like, oh what Marvel movies are coming up this year. The very quiet fact that question had to be asked. I mean, I think you guys aren't going to last that ability. It was an uphill battle from there. He immediately said nice meeting. You know, I'm happy. You just introduce somebody that's a good point trusted that every that's that's that's the thing because then I get to be like let's watch them all that's not all 23 movies in a row. Potter when we first met it was so exciting. I just got to watch them all again. You mean you read him the book so I'm still trying to get him to let me do that. I'm not even joking. I'm still trying to off topic anyway back to me. There's a new TV spot that you guys can check out that shows off the demon bear. Yeah. I mean that's a poster that Z is reacting to buttery dough. But the like it's a quick shot. It's not that much different but like it's showing off the demon bear that that yeah excited and the the TV spot you had to really slow it down as I can. Quarter of a second flash of demon bear we did show it on Marvel News Daily earlier this week, but creepy. It's the first time we really got a good look at the demon. Yeah, check it out and like and AMC has listed new Moon's. I don't know if tickets are available yet, but I will be there available for pre-sale coming soon coming soon as I grab that image also for the same installment of Market, but AMC by listing it has given us some more information about the movie. We didn't have one it will Be 1 hour and 39 minutes long not a very long movies at all. But I'm kind of that's kind of I'm in the great. Yeah, I would rather it Move Along quickly and give us what we need to get instead of be like dragging especially if it's bad if it's bad you wanted to be shorter rather than longer. So it's not two hours of terrible. But I have High Hopes a 99 minute movie is just like it's good its compact that took more than enough to tell a good story. Especially a horror story that all takes place in one location origin story. I like words and stories. I think they're good. But I feel like you can't you shouldn't be under too much with those because you it's you get the point across your like. These are who these characters are we're going to tell you about their lives and then getting started and that and that's it. Don't try to tell some like crazy two and a half hour long story with that. Now the one that the news that people are a little more mixed on let's say is the the the news that it's not going to be rated R. It is as it is going to be PG-13 can't say I'm surprised. No, I like also don't forget that doesn't mean that it's not scary or that it's not like intense like you can have an intense movie. That's PG-13. It just means that the gore isn't very heavy and they don't say the F-word more than one time and you know what? That's actually okay. I've there are tons of really creepy movies that are PG-13 you here, it's that's very true. The R rating isn't necessary and like why if you don't have to do it, why would you go into that territory? If it doesn't help you tell the story? And I mean look, we know that this is somewhat of a troubled project. Let's say and as many people as can potentially buy tickets to it is what they want. So if there had ever been plans for an R rating they were probably like we can do that digital or Blu-ray or whatever. Let's just see how many people we can get into the seats. If anything it was probably on the edge of the page 13 are and it's like if you change this one scene, it will be be G13 than more people can see it just right if the demon bear flosses before you see all those teeth and it will have a valuable lesson and we can give you a private get all those chunks of meat out. Yeah, and remember like other X-Men movies have been violent like Logan is the only one. Yeah. Well Deadpool's but like I think those two needed to be rated R and that served the movie. Well, yes, it's not necessary here. Try some punch about a bunch of teenagers. Yeah. Exactly. It should be like just Devil's Advocate front of the 13th. My random street those are about a bunch of teenagers to but I agree with your point, but I just want to represent the people who are like no we wanted this to be R-rated. Yeah, and if I could just To rain on the parade of the one hour 39 minute run time it rang a bell. I remember the people got nervous when fan for tastic or Fant for stick was one hour and 47 minutes. So when these movies coming in under two minutes people do two hours, they do start to get worried. Well, here's the difference like a Fantastic Four movie is a big like world traveling sure to run literally on the run in that movie. Yeah New Mutants all takes place in one isolated location that you don't need a lot of time. I'm for something like that because you don't have to you're just it's probably compacted to a day or two or three days the entire like timeline of the movie. I think you're right. So you don't need the long like you don't need two hours to do a story like that because you don't need to worry about establishing a new location ever in the movie. You're just there and you go. I'm just one final point. I'm usually not a big advocate of the Tomato Meter. But since I have it open, I wanted to give everybody the update Fantastic Four has a 9% I just thought it was important to live and for testing for just to clarify because like I'd Fantastic Four has Michael Chiklis and Jessica Alba. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. I was fun. I re-watched it recently did you because that was on Disney place? But I had like pulled out the DVD I old classic for Maria Menounos is in that right? Yeah, that's how you know, it's good. I forgot that and then she's like on a date with Johnny Storm and I'm what the fuck? Anyway, moving moving on internals. This is fun. This is cool stuff. Come on Jionni talking about the movie on I want to see it was a James Corden or am I confusing two different stories? I think that's that's the ocean breeze story was just a house. So come on. Joanie was talking about his upcoming role as king go in the eternals and he and he mentioned that there is going to be a Bollywood. It's number in the movie you guys Bollywood dance number coming for a Turtles. You may be wondering how and why for klepfer context can go in. The comics is a Japanese character who is a who is an actor and he he shut he like Chuck's what everybody else is doing trying to keep a low profile and he's like a major star in Samurai movie. That is hilarious. But bike but of course they got Kemal nanjiani to play the role, so Oh, he's Pakistani. So they went more towards like the Indian Pakistani origin. So they're putting together a Japanese Samurai movies. It makes more sense for him to be starring in Bollywood movies. So I'm sure that the context of this is that his character is in a dance number with in a movie with in the movie. Right? Right, but regardless you're gonna get muscle cut Camille nanjiani dancing to a Bollywood song. In this movie like that's happening in eternals. And right if you're looking for a picture of command on Jionni show off just get the muscle one. Just type in Kemal nanjiani muscles. That's the only picture we need to see it's bookmark. And yeah, it's saved on everyone but everyone's computer just by way of giving the background he made these comments on the podcast for the website deadline the new Hollywood podcasting where he said it. There we go. Um, you know, look, I am excited - well, I feel like everybody knows that I hate musicals and I'm not a big fan of dancing in any sense. Really just not my thing. I whenever people burst into song or dance in a movie. I'm like God damn it. So that's just me coming into it from that perspective. That being said if it's you know, if it makes sense in the movie, I don't I'm not gonna have a problem with it, but it's not I'm not excited about it the whole second half of the movie is all song and dance. I will leave I have walked out of movies because of that before I'm not joking I this is a quick thing but it's gonna be you know, I think it'll be fun and look I think for everybody working on a movie that must have been really fun to put together a sequel. Yeah, you know, it's just like what about you know, they probably threw everything out of it, you know, the short Bollywood sequence in a Marvel movie probably has a bigger budget than most actual Bollywood films. So they probably they probably do crazy stuff. And if I had to guess yeah, Bollywood, I mean Bollywood that but that's not Disney. They don't got Disney money. Yeah. I know it's a big deal, but that's not Disney money. That's fair. That's fair. All right, and any other thoughts on the Bollywood dancing come to eternals then let's let's move on. This is a quick disciple thought. Oh, mr. Fantastic is the box office thought because as much as like that, he might not have his high budget is Disney project Bollywood is actually the biggest markets for these movies. They make bank. I think that eternals is going to make Bank abroad more. So in India than it is ever before just because of this example Hell, I mean like look you just like you should show the stuff off in a trailer and it get attract people and like oh a big movie from the West is doing like our style even for a little bit. It's a it's a great way to attract a foreign audience to like honor that culture and I know they do it right? I think they will I wouldn't I would hope so I would think that they would get people that know what they're doing and to train and get trained dancers that know what they're doing or of that background. Yeah that they're gonna definitely do. Yeah. Okay before we move on special thanks to Zeno are in the chat. I made sure that I was aware that's about 14 minutes ago James Gunn tweeted out that he still has an idea for a Drax mantis movie and he would like to one day make it that will be awesome. Yeah, this is in response. Dave Bautista says that you know, he mentioned it and in an interview and James is like I absolutely want to do that movie. So that's mere minutes ago confirmed by James Gunn himself on Twitter. So I want to throw that in because I don't think I ever thought the idea of putting those two. Movie together but I know I'd enjoy it. Oh come on Jackson Manta and throw rock it in there for a couple of scenes. I'm like - rocket. It's a great short. No, no doubt. I'm curious what the feature of their story is, but you never know. You never know and trust to make that work come across Galactus or something, you know something that was not equipped to handle funny and then the end of the movie is them just being like, all right. We got to go get the Avengers with this is not going to work you guys anyway, thanks. Thank you for having us once we're on the air we got it's hard to keep a track keep an eye on everything some black widow minor not really an update but like it but an update Marvel has like more or less said that they are not there was effective some speculation that due to the the covid-19 outbreak across the world because a lot of movies are starting to push their dates back. Yeah, the biggest being James Bond was supposed to come out at the beginning James Bond just got pain. It's been back to know. Lawn may get pushed back in some markets because of the shift. And so there was a question right black widows two months out. Now. Do you push it back to try to like get it all to the same you get to every Market at the same time so far. No black widow will keep its May 1st release date good and but if that changes we'll obviously be aware of it. We're so close now to the movie being released that I don't imagine that they have like a ton of work. Left to do on it, at least for like people having to go places and be in the public so that they're going to handle their publicity a little different but that brings the James Bond movie MGM canceled the premier that was going to be in China and some of the press that's what we that's what's happening first. Yeah. So yeah, I would bet that it still comes out. Maybe maybe they don't put it out in some markets if this is you know, I mean in China people are not going out and not doing anything especially sitting in a movie theater. Yeah, I can see not. Yeah, I could see not putting it out in China for sure. It Distributors are basically shut down its kind of so movies just aren't coming out not that there's less people go into theater. They're just not being released. Right and they will eventually but it will it'll be and Disney's helping May 1st is going to be part of the eventually. Yes. Yeah, and and look, I mean the you've I think it was an estimated like the the movie and she's taking a five billion dollar hit so far because of the because of the outbreak stock markets are taking a hit. It's just it's just just it looked him in general things change. I mean Disney's parks and both Hong Kong and Shanghai are both shot in Tokyo in Tokyo. I didn't really see ya anyway, but hey, it's all relative because you know these movies make a lot of money and they want to put it out at a time where it suddenly doesn't make money and just everyone stay healthy wash your hands at least 20 seconds use soap and water, you know, what play the X-men theme song while you wash your hands and when it's over then you're done then you're done. There you go. Put a present. Anyway jumping over to Disney plus Loki news bunch of set photos leaked out over this past week and we got to see some cool stuff in there. The big thing the big headline one is that we're taking a look at our first look at Owen Wilson in some capacity and there's and he's wearing a raincoat. Look at that. Is that that's Owen Wilson in them in those in the park. And yeah. Okay, we're looking at this photo right now Tom Hiddleston on the right-hand the tie and then in the like full body raincoat is Owen Wilson. Tom Hiddleston is the one dressed like the Burger King assistant manager is photo when you find very good. Very good. Yeah, Owen Wilson is like I don't like the water but we know this doesn't help us that much. There's some like sums like Black Ops people Them. We don't really know the context here. There's like AA symbol on their jackets, but we can't quite make out what it is in released photos because it pretty far away. So I'm Smite money is still on own Wells and being a part of the time variance Authority made a lot of sense, maybe a version of Kang. I still think that that's a really cool idea and would justify casting someone of own Wilson's caliber if he Is not Kang but a version of them at some point in the timeline like you maybe doesn't call himself that but that's like he's it was a pretty Kang. Yeah, pretty Kang Kang when you post can Kang. I don't know he could what if he's played a mortise. He's right. He's right and as a mortise, wow, these time will be possible on passive. Thank you for the passable Assam. But we also saw some it's a more interesting to me. Yeah, this was more interesting to me is we saw an image of what looks to be lady Loki in these set photos mainly because we can see a green jacket with the gold gold the likable half circle moon necklace thingy. And that's all we got. It's like it could be obviously it looks like low-key. We've there's been rumors of multiple universes. Is going on in this show which would imply alternate versions of okay, so you could get lady look in there and Loki possibly which people have talked about before like there's there's been rumors swirl and this was it's funny because this was a rumor that was going around that nobody ever actually confirmed and then we got set photos which it still couldn't it still might not be but nobody confirmed that this was actually going to happen. Yeah. Well, there's like the theory that this could also be enchantress like the necklace sort of implies Lee lucky, but it could be inherent jurisdiction is a Another color scheme. Hmm and I think your answer is one of those characters that I think would be super fun to bring in Chris. And what do you think lady look here enchantress? I feel like we had heard enchantress before but I have always wondered why we haven't seen her in a movie, but I don't know if I had to you know put on the spot. I think that it's more likely enchantress. The color scheme is the same and I feel like that's a bigger character and I don't maybe it's also I would just like to see her interact with Loki as soon as possible. Yeah, because look theoretically we may very well never see Loki in a movie again. So this might be the one chance for locating enchantress to actually interact as on the show. So I am personally hoping that that's what this is. Yes and this too because we didn't say this is that that's a photo of Sofia demartino who has been cast. We just don't know in what role? Yeah, and it was and that was again the rumor that she was going to be cast as lead. Okay, I forget when this was going around. It had to have been a few months ago when she was cast. Yeah, surely that was the one of the like oh, could she be this character and like I don't know. I'm also wondering if this character is maybe some of the reason that Kevin feige's comments about when we're going to see a trans character got a little more. Okay, because if this is not Tom hiddleston's low-key but an alternate universe Loki I could see like different discussions treating it differently. Well, we're sorry go ahead. Well. Depending on how you do the story it if if that character was once male than then she becomes a trans character. But if it's just an alternate universe where Loki was born a woman, then it's not but I could see where like you're like, oh, but it might appeal how it depending on how it's written to people right? Like the who are trying to look for the idea of gendered not just being a part of who you are not defining who you are. The isn't there a comic storyline that Steals a body that was meant for someone else like a woman's body and that would that's also part of how he became like I know there's so many at what because I was looking into this and I know there's a lady Seth Seth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's a Grayson Ryan in the chat is actually asking lady Loki was Sif wasn't she and I think that yeah, so there you go reference. That's the one that was there was a time that Loki inhibited that body or inhabited or inhibited it as well. And then also the thinking, you know, That we thought that a female Loki was cast months ago, but that's really what we're talking about is that it was this actress was cast. We're still not sure who she yeah, that was just the the prevailing Theory with that she was cast but nobody and Dixon Cider said he tricked me with that one got me to say that we should call her Flo key female Loki Loki high like that guys so much. Totally. Here's the thing good for you. I'm glad I wish that was me. See ya. I just want to keep saying it speaking of Dixie stop this stop it all of you moving on. I feel like work Zach's unruly children a lawsuit against you and you know, who I'm gonna hire Jennifer Walters AKA She-Hulk. I hear she's she's taking cases maybe soon may be starting very soon November because that's the rumor on when She-Hulk is supposedly set to start filming we had previously Reported that all the Disney plush shows that have been announced so far were planning on shooting before the end of the year. That's alright. That's me. It's okay. Do you keep talking? I'll fix it. I didn't want it to spill. I'm trying to keep the studio everything was closed. So anyway, yes, they're talking about they're looking at in November launched it. We still don't know who is going to play She-Hulk Z. Perfect as your audition. There it is. I did it. There's the continued rumors that they're looking for a quote unquote Alison, Brie type. I don't think I talk about we talk a lot about last week and Now Alison Brie herself has talked about it because she was asked about it on James Corden this past week and her response was basically like being super coil and and like it's clear sort of her comments that she has not been approached. Correct as if she had been they would have just crushed any discussion of this it would not even made it. This probably would have been like you lucky can ask her about it. Yeah, I don't care how much you want to ask her about it. This is a really big deal for her. We can't talk about. Yeah, it seems like that's the thing to remember like as much as she like tried to play it down. Now, it's still possible that they're like we need an Alison Brie type and then they just start as she makes those Common Sense. Was anybody actually like reached out Alison Brie to be honest. I'm not sure I get the Tonality type and but I don't think you can at least the version of She-Hulk that I want to see I don't think you can cast Alison Brie in that role. Well, it depends on how much Jennifer Walters are you going to have if it's one where she changes back and forth a lot? I think you can and then obviously the She-Hulk could then be CGI, but I know what you're saying. Yeah, there's there's two different ways to look at it if she's She-Hulk all the time which is which is what I want, which is what I think you see probably from like the 90s onward that's Really what even in the 80s when she's in the Fantastic Four? She's usually She-Hulk she doesn't change back and forth. The only started she change back and forth for a brief bit in a recent run that was just called Hulk and that was dealing with that was that was the line where she was dealing with a severe trauma? And so she couldn't control her being a Hulk anymore. And now she's a little bit more hulky now the form that she's in where she is like Hulk She-Hulk all time, but she's a little more like She Hulk smash like Thing so it's a little more it she shifted in recent years. I would like to see the version of She-Hulk where she is just She-Hulk all the time and you have this giant muscle ripped green woman in pantsuits. I feel like that would be expensive. I wonder like if they will you have to get somebody who's super built you would but there would still be a certain amount of before I continue one of the ways we keep all of our content for you the Inner free of charge is our amazing sponsors. And today anchor is one of those sponsors. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started before we continue one of the ways we All these shows for you free is by our amazing sponsors. And today Spotify is one of our sponsors on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify as a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you don't miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever they are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends and following on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify. My apps search for a popcorn talk on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us. So you never miss an episode of popcorn talk like CGI that would have to be done a certain amount because even if you get somebody that's super like jacked and ripped first of all, that's hard to find in a woman just because women's bodies. Typically it takes a lot of work to get like that a lot and a lot of the time steroids as well. That's a hard thing to do naturally unless you're naturally built like that. But like even if you look at a woman like Gina Carano, she's a Woman but she's not that big. She's not built like She Hulk. She's big. Yeah. Well here it's a combination of yes, you accentuate a little bit with CGI you maybe like make them look a little bit bigger than other people but it's also that like if the scenes where that she's in like the courtroom and stuff like you can just put pads on somebody that's true. Beef It Up. You don't want to do be doing that with CGI when you're hiding it with clothes you can use like right stuff underneath that goals to to make her look more muscular like when you dress up as Superman and You just put on the big puffy costume like the good good, but good. I think that they can find that person. And that's I hope I think what they're truly looking for because I to me, that's the that's the fun of that character. Is she unlike the Hulk. She just has to live that way right deal with like the she's always She-Hulk and even she is She-Hulk all the time. Even when she's just filing a briefing in the most like Regular day-to-day like I am a single female lawyer living my life and like always have the teeth big and green and going on dates as she hot like that's to me the fun of that. She gonna be on Tinder. We don't know you're gonna be on Raya. Oh, yeah. That's a great Point. Only show came here. That's what oh, that's the famous famous. Well, I just pretend I don't know what it is because they reject just a quick I think important point of order from our friend Ivan subtle. Which I thought she Hulk was a funny character. Yes, she is but not always there are certain incarnations when I always cited the John Byrne Incarnation from the 80s. That is just straight out comedy. I think there's times where she's comedic but even if she's completely even if this is like a comedy series you still want her to look the part you want her to be like built like a Hulk. I think that's funnier. Yeah, you know if she's if she's not hulky enough then I I don't buy the character. You know, it just add it's a less extreme take which in comedy 1 Go to the extreme. So I and I still have faith that they're gonna do it. Do it. Justice do it the right way and to the point like it she's going there like like it was referring to that Hulk run. It's great read that series is phenomenal and it's like very fascinating in the way that it deals with how somebody is affected by trauma and what that looks like on your day-to-day life and how you can move on when you go from being a very happy person who's like living in a sitcom and then something happens like Jennifer Walters in the books when she almost dies. Because of Civil War Two I think it was Thanos coming back that almost killed her and then she has to come back from that and that's a journey and so but that's the beauty of the characters. It's flat like you can't hit all those notes. Anyway, Mark ruffalo's. Well, let's talk about She-Hulk. We heard that when he was at c2e2 in Chicago he can we do he was talking about what and he said he has been in discussions about She-Hulk didn't say whether he's doing it or not. Yep, didn't say what the how much he'd be involved but he did say that they had reached out to him about She-Hulk. I think that's what yeah what that means is he's looking for a couple more zeros on that check and that's when he'll be happy to do things. Like I'm kind of interested. We'll see how busy my schedule is. So I think they probably have it locked in a date and the date is going to affect his availability shocked if he wasn't in it at all. I don't expect him to be a big part, but for him to not be on it would be really straight. I think he's in the pilot and that's it. Yeah, I kind of I yeah, I agree. A pilot and like maybe on the phone or something because she calls him to ask him something like what is what's happening to me? Like what is this means they're on down bare minimum just to like kick off her origin story. I don't know how you do it without Bruce Banner. What if you do what if they just pop it in? There is no origin story. It's just She-Hulk is in that baggie that beeping steadily and then I think you could start that way at some point in the season. You'd have to tell us why she's she like a flashback to Sara Lee have to be Okay, this is before she see Hulk She-Hulk or Seahawk would be a great series to because that's the only reason that the I don't think you can do that is because we're so recent on endgame. Yeah that you have to justify why she wasn't at the Battle. Yeah. That's a good point. You'd have to be like, okay. She wasn't She-Hulk yet. Yes. And so this is this is her journey to becoming She-Hulk after all this exactly to be posted on game because cuz she wasn't there so you have to set it up that way. That's the only reason you have to give us that I think early but I don't I would love if we could skip past a lot of origin stories hers. I think is a little just so complicated because she's a version of an exhibit of she's a she's related to a character that's existing. So you kind of have to like explain right anyway. As far as news for today, there are some hellstrom set photos that rig he goes hellstrom goes to in a cult shop. Yeah cool. Was it a look at those photos? But let's uh, let's move on to what was our main topic for this show because last week there was a big rumors that hit the web about. Mr. Henry Cavill. I don't care how you pronounce it. I'm just going to say that sure the rumor which is Worked in very quickly because it was from a click bait site. What a weird rumor to start. I don't wise. Well, it was supposedly was like based on like so I think boss logic put out some like fan art of it. And so the rumor was the Henry Cavill had been cast as Wolverine and he would be and he would be making his first appearance in Captain Marvel to so that's how what a we a seriously weird room. They decided to make I mean Put out there. Look Carol Danvers and Logan great friends in the comics. It's not that hard to believe but as starting a movie with that, I don't quite know that we're at the point where we can just have them be friends or even just casting Wolverine Au Lait. Okay. I was I don't know where we're going to have a wolverine. What I guess the the inference there is Captain Marvel has to like is becomes the first person to encounter mutants in some ways from through whatever her sequel is going to because we just don't know what Captain Marvel to is going to be about. And having her closer to home and then but still dealing with like an invasion of some of sorts. Yeah invasion is probably too strong word. But like the that's how people perceive the mutants in the Marvel universe. So her dealing with that and like a Well cat what I really want for Captain Marvel to is a situation in which her powers are not going to be super helpful because she is so oop that she has to come up with something that you can't defeat with Force. That's what it comes down to any like of course, there will be battles but it has to be something that she has to do more than just like blast right because otherwise she would just annihilate everyone it wouldn't be fun. It's kind of like how I feel about Flash villains a lot of the time. You're like this. Is you go dear. Given be ridiculous villains because you need something that's going to you know that he can't beat with speed. Yeah, but anyway, so that's so that's not happening. That's our point is yeah, he's not playing absolutely not but I thought it would be fun to look into and Chris local on Twitter at wanted us to look into who would Henry Cavill be good as in the MCU because his tenure of Superman karna past has ever going to happen again. I think we we saw that that was gone at the end of Shazam when they do the Headless a headless Superman. Yeah. Yeah. What's the just to get your Ryan's expertise again? What's the prevailing opinion over on DC moving is from our friends. Do they feel like he's done whether they hope he does another one or not. Do they feel it's likely that he's not going to be Superman anymore. We're mix, but two out of the three think he's done. Okay, like on us. He says, he's out Roxy. I think still has some hope Adams. There's always The Optimist that rock Is try a little indifferent honest. I think the fact that he wasn't at the end of Shazam is really telling and that the fact that they're just extending these other characters, but not those guys were three. Yeah. I think it's unlikely that he is now the rumor somebody on over what I heard about Shazam was that it was a timing thing, but I don't know. I feel like you make that work if you're ever planning on having him play Superman again. Yeah. Anyway, who would we want to play? Who would we want Henry Cavill to play? In the MCU parents, he's done from Carrollton and see what he's done with the Witcher or in between seasons of The Witcher. Let me go with the with some fan feedback because they know they were going to talk about this. I think yeah, we've got Star Fox as a suggestion from a few people actually not a bad one. And then I know this kind of ties into something that's on Zach's list because I read ahead to list but chaos 1/3 to 1/2 says should totally play Century or Hyperion Hyperion. Squadron Supreme, of course, it's supposed to be Superman. The Squadron Supreme is basically Justice League characters that they're like, yeah, we'll just change your name is a little bit. It would be the if they got Andre Cavill to play Hyperion who straight-up has the stolen a stolen Superman origin story. It would be the greatest troll casting really really amazing and they do like three Hyperion movies with him. It's literally like he has a home planet that's destroyed. He sent away as a baby. Like Hyperion is Superman and his power comes from the sun. Oh, that's really funny. It's just straight up Superman, right? I don't have an image of Hyperion from Squadron Supreme. He doesn't he doesn't really look like him but you'll see you'll see that Kate. He's got a big old belt. But anyway, what ideas do we think Christian and I agree on a number one. This is my number one and just for now is watch out a pair and YouTube. There's Hyperion. Yes, they gave him a dumb mask. - I forgot that he had the mass you have to differentiate legally in some way. It can't look like it but it's the idea. It's like Superman type. So yeah. Well we have the same number one choice, which is mr. Brian Braddock himself Captain Britain. Yeah, we got makes whichever suit you want to put them in. It's fine with me, but I think that that's the perfect choice for yeah. I mean, he's looked if he's a very muscley like charismatic White Guy the list of Marvel characters you could put him in is practically endless. It's a lot. I started going through them. Like they could be this. Oh, but he could also doesn't like 15 options here. Yeah. That's my personal favorite of the Captain Britain uniforms. The one that if you're watching on YouTube that Ryan put up the big day the excatly Excalibur area where he's got the the main of like blond hair and The Medallion. I don't like the 70s Captain Britain uniform. This is this is the one that I like. Xia, what are you thinking? I think that he would make a great Gladiator. I would like to see Miss money nerd. I think that that would be cool. I mean there's obviously mcgi and make up there but I still think they can pull that off really. Well. He's got the build for it. I think that the acting style fits really well, especially after watching him in The Witcher. So I think that that'd be really fun. How important would it be that he get a mohawk in real life. I just wanted to make sure that we're on the same page some other options that I had on my list. I thought could be really good Hercules is another lion tastic Choice. That's a great one Langley nearly in the chat specifically says a drunk Hercules a drunk because he can have a lot of fun playing it very much like a Thor like Ragnarok. Yeah, exactly. I'll character because that's like Hercules what he's having fun is like he's and like her had Hercules just a fun hurt the end. The Marvel Hercules is a fun character that would that would actually be very cool. I written like depends on the direction that you want to go with him I do. You want to do a more like serious like cart of Chris Evans style like character because that's when you go with the Captain Britain up. Yeah you or you go with like a Nova would be a good fit. I forget something like that, but you could go like against type and I think that could be really fun. My crazy casting that I would see from Flat man in the Great Lakes Avengers. I need to ask who flat man is. What is one of the Great Lakes Avengers tells you The most of what you need to know basically the Great Lakes Avengers are just like the gag just like joke Avengers, they don't really have anyone real to fight flat man is like a knockoff like Mister Fantastic. That's kind of what I was picturing so he can make himself flat. I'm assuming just kind of stretchy only just is flat all the time. Yeah. It's pretty much flat and he stretches so he's like and he's like a 2d character living in a 3D world, but I think that aren't we all I think that's why you get someone like Henry Cavill to And because it's so it's so weird to see this like charismatic guy who's just like a doof. Yeah, and it's to be something different that you wouldn't see a couple more from the chat gamer girl says Adam Warlock send your nerd Kraven the Hunter in spite III. Yeah, I would I would welcome that I favor tooth. That's I hadn't thought of that. I think that would actually be really good way better than Wolverine. Yeah. Also differentiate from Hugh Jackman. I need me short boy Wolverine. I understand. I remember me and Hugh Jackman got cast people were pissed about that because of the height. It's not even I wasn't mad about it for Hugh Jackman because it like it was like, when did I did so well and had done so much. We need something to differentiate between the rolls and a small Wolverine. Could stand next to Chris Hemsworth and like look up into his face and be like, what are you doing Bob? That's what I want to say. This was a 30-plus years ago. But when Z and I recently spoke with Chris Claremont, he said his original idea for Wolverine was Bob Hoskins Who people know probably best from Who Framed Roger Rabbit just an interesting is the right height not now, but had they made it in like the late 80s early 90s, you know and the right to enter it. It's somebody I never would have considered but when thought is the present day Bob Hoskins and I don't know the answer Daniel Radcliffe's pretty short. I'm just going to suggest is everything. Okay, that's fair put in somewhere here where it is. I mean, he recently was just like I'm not doing another franchise damn it Daniel. He doesn't want he said he didn't he didn't completely close the door, but he did say like I am not got really excited about doing a friend. How about him being a one-off villain then? Yeah. Let's get that school. That could be it. I mean He does what he wants to do. Well speaking of villains for Cavill. I actually think Mephisto could be a really good choice or okay Galactus actually if you're going to do a project by black, that's true. Yeah. Could you imagine like thousand foot tall Henry Cavill standing over New York City bunch of women just being like Oh my God, I'll follow you wherever Galactus and it look like real like rattle off. So do you guys have any others that you let me just let's get one more from the chat Arkham. James has a bunch of bunch. So you saying I'll say them all Captain Britain Reed Richards the thing Cyclops Johnny Storm Gambit Hercules Beta Ray Bill or Silver Surfer. I'm going to say no to mr. Fantastic and the thing he's not right the right personality type Silver Surfer as much either bad, but like I just need somebody more like chill. Yeah, he's in Better a pillar the to from that list that I can see the most important to Reeves type to play Silver Surfer. Yeah, especially like if you're going to take from like more recent stuff like when dance lot was riding him and he became like dr. Who basically that sort of like more down-to-earth person doesn't really strike me as Cavill and Ben Grimm is just like to gruff than or give us is not him some other people I had on my list. I also had Beta Ray Bill would be a fun one Kang. I think again just like charismatic villains. I think he would be able to cover it. Who else that I put down Wonder Man. Is it gonna be great. If you don't get Nathan Fillion to do the part A bunch of people in Alpha flight again similar to why I was pitching Great Lakes Avengers, but like what I mean, those aren't bad character, they're not they're not as goofy. But yeah, you can play them well, you know and Alpha flight ties into something that starts your star Drew suggested in the chat which was Captain Canada now that character's name is actually guardian or Vindicator Vindicator but that's like sort of the leader yeah that's the leader of alpha flight and that's not I mean if you were going to do alpha flight I think putting somebody like Henry Cavill as the leader I think it's going to set the right tone for it or a Sasquatch I mean sure but I think it was I think it might be wasted to have him as Sasquatch fair enough fair enough those are my characters I was saving hi Perry we did in first I was saving Hyperion for my like big troll last thing but the chat was on to me they know they know okay that's pretty much all the time we have for our crazy Henry Cavill fan casting yeah I think we're going to see I mean look The Interchange of actors between the two of them has between the two Studios has become more frequent yeah so I think with him out as suit when he finally has a actually out a Superman I who get the feeling they haven't told him but when they do and he's maybe also taking a break from The Witcher I think Marvel's gonna be on the phone with his people being like yeah I think you're right we're doing we're doing Hercules Acuvue freak you you up you up Henry I never I never disliked Henry Cavill at all I live it was never like I don't like this guy but I didn't have like a lot of interest until I watch The Witcher and now I'm a little bit obsessed oh Beast was another one there he would be he would actually be a great anyway thank you guys so much for joining us this week on Marvel movie news I have been Zach Wilson you can find me on Twitter and Instagram at that not sorry well the show's over you can find me on Twitter Instagram at that exact Wilson exact with the CH and I also have my other podcast ships in the night where we get weird cross fandom shipping that's released every Tuesday Question, you can find me on Twitter and Instagram at Christian DMZ and tonight over on AfterBuzz TV at 9 p.m. Pacific the Star Trek Picard after show. I haven't watched this week's yet. So anybody say anything I didn't you in the chat and I have been and will continue to be easy Anderson and you can find me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z underscore land. That's Xiao underscore land also go check out my twitch Channel if you guys like food and games, I do both of those things twitch.tv slash Zeal and click that follow on Twitter. Yeah, thank you guys. This has been Marvel movie news Excelsior. From producers Maria Menounos Keven undergaro than the entire popcorn Talk network. We would like to thank you for tuning in for questions or comments. Be sure to visit popcorn talk.com. I'm sure Richard Wentworth and this has been a presentation of the popcorn Talk network. The views expressed herein are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect the views of the owners of principle.