What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in.Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in that game going into the third period to keeping it tied 2-2. They got out strike shot 18 to 6 in the second period yet scored two goals one nice one from Matthews and that unbelievable play by Mitch Marner, but in the end what on just undid them if that's a word it is. Yeah, the the problem is that we've seen a couple times over the last month against Florida when they're up three two one. As the Sabres tied 2-2 going in the third period that this team unravels in the third and not just one goal but a but a series of goals and once they come out of that they're so far behind that they can't catch up. This is fatal. It can't keep doing it. If they keep doing it. They may not make the playoffs or if they do make the playoffs. It'll be a very short run. Yeah, they're up by 5 on Florida sitting third in the Atlantic 78 points. Can you believe there are only 15 games to go? How do they Rectify these third period woes in such a short period of time Mike the playoffs are basically around the corner. I don't know if they can and that's the thing. I don't know if it's a and you can't write this off as it's because they don't have Muzzin CC and Riley because they did this even before those players were injured. So whether it's a flaw in the roster a flaw in the system and it happened with Babcock, so it it's happening with Keith, you know, we don't know but I have a feeling that if you know, they take a early exit. This postseason and that you know, the the struggles of the defensively is the main reason why then you're going to see some different players on this roster next next next summer because or next fall because they really I mean they cannot keep doing this and they have to get it get it off their plate so to speak, this is TLC. I'm enje with MIB for Oakridge for to have like thousands of dollars off 2020. Right now contact me also some great used vehicles including Mustangs. The spring season is almost upon us. It's almost Mustang season. I have a ton of them. Check me out on Facebook at Norm at Oakridge Ford if your local or even if you're not I sell to a lot of people who are from like hundreds of kilometers away kilometer. Mike is kind of the distinction of distance that you guys don't typically use down there. It's your deal with miles we deal with kilometers, but thanks Ragnar. I've got it's a lesson every day on the combo. We have lots of stuff get at me on Facebook Twitter wherever mic Jack Campbell's game haven't seen much of him didn't get a chance to play. He's not getting a chance to play tonight against his former team. Whatever. I thought I'd played. Okay, it's just this group in front of them left a lot to be desired. Yeah. I know. I thought he played I thought he played a really well and the problem is that when you when your team in front of you breaks down defensively and like I said, it was 18 shots. In the second period and he kept them in there, you know, they were down one. Nothing going into the second period Matthews tied up the game and then Aunt Isabella scores on I didn't think it was a particularly. I mean it was it was it would have been tough for him to stop and then the two goals in the third period I mean one banged off the up the back glass and was laying there just in hauled it and respond and the Stephen noice and was there you know before he did and cashed it in and then Team brings one off the off the far post and then so I really can't can't fault Campbell for the loss. And I know I know I know that Leigh fans like to Halt the backup goaltender when he's in there, but you know kick that was Campbell's first regulation loss and he's played really well. I'm not surprised and you know because Anderson would have been playing against his former team in the Ducks. I know the Andersons record against San Jose wasn't great career wise, so that was probably the reason they went with Campbell. Plus it gave Anderson. And a lot of rest for I think four or five days so for this stretch run, you could probably expect Anderson to play of the 15 remaining games. Probably 12 of them can the Leafs lock in for the final 15 and win 16 out of however many games during the playoffs like can they lock in and just go to work and win a championship the from what we've seen this season might and what we know of this group. It's not possible this year so victories like getting into the playoffs and may be upsetting one of the juggernauts in the East and the first round would be pretty much everything that we could ask for. But upsetting one of those teams in the first round seems to be on Monumental knowing the way this team plays in the fact that it just can't seem to lock in like Leaf fans are excited about a three game win streak forget about that when 12 in Row and make make every team you play looked like fools the Leafs for as good as they are just are nowhere near that level. Well if you and I'm pleased everybody throws the st. Louis Blues and what happened last year out as an example. Remember the st. Louis Blues. They were the worst team in the league in January. Then they had the best record after January 1st. They had they brought up a goaltender. They were solid defensively from January on to the end of the season. Playoffs the Leafs they've had their 10 game unbeaten streak they won three in a row, but it's a roller coaster and I the title of my blog yesterday reference. Mr. Hyde as opposed to dr. Jekyll because that's what this team is nailed. It just it just is up and down, you know great play and then terrible play there's no consistency and consistency is the the lifeblood of any professional sports team. You need to be consistent and consistently good. To be able to win and at the top level this team is great, but then they show incredible flaws and it's just not good enough. What about Louis and Martin and Martin and short and Abbott and Costello. Mm, Laurel and Hardy How do those legendary Duo's apply to what the Maple Leafs do because sometimes it's a comedy and sometimes it's just way too dramatic for me on Twitter are glut of fans forever Leafs girl Norman Mike kick the Leafs in the ass and tell them to smarten up after that debacle against the San Jose Sharks Atmos typical Leafs, you know three wins in a row and then they just kind of fall asleep. Who knows maybe Get one back against the Kings thorny wants to know about the team's commitment to aiding Austin Matthews in his pursuit of 50 goals. It's there's a there's a team objective but 50 goals for Matthews and a Rocket Richard trophy would be not only terrific for him. But terrific for the organization it would but I have to point out that the three times that the beliefs had. 50 goal scorers they believe they barely made the playoffs and all three years. We've I've scored 50 and then lyric Gary Lehman scored 50 the one year and they they lost I think the st. Louis and the first round. So I mean, I'd love to see us in Matthew's break Vibes record, but and I know that the he has support with the team, you know, Jack Campbell's growing it. Amy Matthews mustache and so is Capitain and what that's great and that's team camaraderie and I have no problem with that. But the end goal here for Lee fans is G. We have the Rocket Richard trophy. Big winner know the end goal is G we're rooting for team that has a chance to win the Stanley Cup. And right now the way this team is playing they don't now maybe in a in a year or two with when they hit things straightened out when they're maybe have, you know, freed themselves of certain roster situations in terms of salary cap, and there are better balanced team things will work out but right now, you know, it's it's cotton candy to watch Austin Matthew score. 54 goals. What we want is a meat-and-potatoes me love this team winning the Stanley Cup. Yeah. This is the combo for Oakridge for Rick five set the record for goals in one season as a maple leaf 54 and 81 82. He also had hundred fifty-seven penalty minutes then followed up on 229 penalty minutes season and 8081. Ricky Vibe is 60 80 finished his illustrious career and O2. Three with the Dundas Real McCoys. So we're thinking when Austin Matthews has wrap things up with the Leafs. He'll end up with a Tilson bird vipers just to wind down a career Mike. We know Leaf fans. Well, we think we know them. We are a divisive group, right? You have a faction of fans that get behind a player and create a victimhood around that player and in turn they blame. Everybody else right? And then you have some who are just spiteful of everyone on the team. Just I asked in community youtube.com slash the Leafs combo hit the community tab least combo pull us Leaf ants are we good fans hundred sixteen votes 34 percent believe we are terrific fanbase 17% in this quite a bit believe we are just terrible 30% and you know, this is a third of all Boats decent but divisive I think that's sort of where we lie and 19% say hey man, we're just fans any large fan base. I think is divisive and has different factions to it. I mean, I'm a I'm a New York Yankee fan when it comes to baseball and you've got a certain amount of fans right now who think Giancarlo Stanton is stealing money because he pulls his calf every time he runs in the Outfield, you know, I mean, I'm sure the guy wants to be out there and playing but he really can't now a lot of people in turn bring it back to the Leafs are a little resentful that you know that Mitch martyr is making almost 11 million dollars and you know is he's not a big goal scorer but that was sort of cooked in the books when you signed him to a contract you knew he was a premier playmaker. It was probably going to scored 20 goals. I mean, I can't criticize him because he deserves every dollar that he gets but you know in the salary cap realm, you know you it's tough to justify that and say And see well this team is limited in terms of what they can go out and get because they have three guys make dollars. That's that maybe the reality we know the salary cap is going to is going to go up this year. So I mean, I I wish that the fans would not resent guys like martyr or other players for for what they make. I just looked at the situation as I've said many a time to the point of people getting nauseated about it. It can't it can't continue. Probably next. Year, I would say that one of that group of four and the probably the one making the least of the four is probably going to get traded because they need to allocate money towards defense rather than forward Mitch marner's on a 95 Point Pace. Okay points per game. He's 16th in the league the same guy who gave William Neal and or this amazing contract also signed Mitch Marner believe it or not. The Messiah likes more than Your guide and the head coach were excited about supplanting the nasty Mike Babcock loves the guy you are criticizing for making too much money. It is what it is. I'm starting this belief. The Leafs need Mitch Marner on the team almost as much as they need Austin Matthews on a consistent basis. If Mitch Martin were gone for a lengthy period of time this team would feel it almost to the same level. It would feel the absence of Austin Matthews last word to you. Yeah, I only criticism I've had recently and I know that everybody wanted to see Matthews and Marner together. Matthew's drives a line and Marner drives a line and when both of them are together and you have Tavares and Neil and her on the other line, I think Tavares does a good job, but I think he needs Marner back to basically have two lines that are producing at the same time and maybe before the playoffs. That's not the matches what that might Austin Matthew. Hi Dante would carry a lot of weight. You saying anything? I don't think Austin Matthews has a say in it. Honestly no ink and if he did and he did I mean he how many times have we heard while he loves playing with William Neal under so, you know, I think Sheldon Keith is the one who decides. No, you're right and we're talking about this as of right now and Neil Anders felt heat. We've defended him. We've been on him marner's felt heat. We've defended him we've been on him Austin Matthews has come out pretty unscathed this year because he's really developed. Not only on the offensive side of things to a greater level but his two-way game has improved in he's just he's just fantastic. They're all fantastic. And for all the arguments we have about who should stay who should go who's producing to their to full value who is not least need everyone Planet peek at their very best all together to do anything of substance throughout the rest of this regular season and into the playoffs we can argue all we want and go on about dream scenario. Rio's or nightmare situations this team that we are so concerned about but deeply loved and deeply hope the best for needs to come together and make it happen because if this isn't a well-oiled machine that is blasting on all cylinders all together. It is going nowhere Mike. Enjoy the game Leafs Kings tonight, and then the Leafs ducks and oh, that's a big one in your life. Talk to you soon. Thanks, Tom.