You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the Mandalorian on Disney plus every time I read the title of this lesson, it makes me laugh but it's also kind of ironic and illustrates the point that the world tries to tell us that there are lots of ways to get where we ultimately want to go but in this lesson Nephi tells us pretty plainly that there's really only one way and that we enter through a streak. It onto a narrow path. I love this lesson. It's only three chapters, but it is full of pure Doctrine and full of the spirit and it gave me so many good things to think about this week. I've been trying to figure out where to record this week. I usually record in my daughter's room. She's at college so I can use this room, but the wind is blowing like crazy outside today and I felt like you could hear it and that was stressing me out. So I moved to the closet, but that wasn't working. So now I'm back out here. So if you hear the wind, I apologize. I thought the italicized part at the top of the lesson this week was especially good where it says this outline suggest principles. You may find meaningful in second. Nephi 31 through 33, but the most important things you'll learn in your study will come from the whisperings of the spirit seek this guidance and record the promptings that cam. I think that is such great advice for studying these lessons. It's really not just about reading the lesson and reading the scriptures that go along with it. It can be a checklist item or just More thing that we have to fit into our already crazy lives, or we can make our come follow me study a really personal experience where you let the Holy Ghost help you see how these scriptures and the thoughts and these lessons can help you in your life today. It's definitely something where you get out of it what you put into it and then there are always three words before the opening paragraph. It says record your impressions and if you take a minute to do that to really listen to what the Holy Ghost is telling you and to write it down. Down or record it somewhere. I know that for me doing this over the past year has literally changed me as a person and it's changed my life. I've had kind of a rough year so far this year and it's been a challenge for me to try and stay happy and stay positive but studying these lessons has really saved me. It's hard to feel down. When you open up the scriptures and feel the peace that the Holy Ghost brings and when you read these things about our savior and how he knows each one of us and our struggles when I take the time to study these lessons. I always come away feeling so much better. So that's my come. Follow me motivational thought for this week. The opening paragraph of this lesson says among the finest last recorded words. We find this declaration the Lord commanded me and I must obey this seems like a fitting summary of Nephi's life. He sought the will of the Lord and courageously strive to obey it whether that meant risking his life to get the brass plates from Laban building a boat and crossing the sea. Or Faithfully teaching the doctrine of Christ with plainness and power Nephi could speak persuasively of the need to press forward with a steadfastness in Christ of following the straight and narrow path which leads to eternal life because that is the path. He followed he knew by experience that this path though demanding at times is also joyful and that there is none other way nor name given under Heaven whereby man can be saved in the kingdom of God. I just love that and I think that's why these scriptures this week are so powerful. Fall and if I felt so strongly about these things and knew these things because he lived them. He was a great example of practicing what he preached this week. Nephi teaches us about faith repentance baptism receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost and enduring to the end it's the way and it's the only way it's the path back to our Heavenly Father and chapter 31 verse 3. Nephi says for my soul delighteth in plainness for after this manner death the Lord God Work among the the children of men for the Lord God giveth light unto the understanding for he speaketh unto men according to their language unto their understanding the Gospel of Jesus Christ really is not that complicated. Do we sometimes have a tendency to clutter up our testimonies? I saw this week where someone said that maybe we need to do the konmari cleaning method on our testimonies every once in a while and instead of asking ourselves. Does it spark Joy? Maybe ask ourselves? Does it spark Jesus? If we can get to know our heavenly father Our Savior and the Holy Ghost and learn how they speak to us. Individually. Nephi says he speaketh unto men according to their language unto their understanding the Holy Ghost speaks to each of us differently and it's up to us to figure out how that is and to try to tune into that and listen to it if we can listen to it and follow that voice and make repentance a daily part of our lives and be worthy to enter the temple. What more do we really need? president uchtdorf said we see baptism as the starting point in our journey of discipleship our daily Walk With Jesus Christ leads to peace and purpose in this life and profound joy and eternal salvation in the world to come those who follow this path Faithfully avoid many of the pitfalls sorrows and regrets of Life the poor in spirit and honest of heart find great Treasures of knowledge here those who suffer or grieve find Healing hear those burdened with sin find forgiveness Liberty and rest and then he said the church Designed to nourish the imperfect the struggling and the exhausted it is filled with people who Desire with all their heart to keep the Commandments even if they haven't mastered them yet. So if your testimony is getting cluttered up with unanswered questions or with hurt feelings by someone who did or said something dumb or with fears about something that your uncle's bosses cousins best friend said was going to happen. Maybe we could take president uchtdorf said by sore. He said doubt your doubts before you doubt your faith and just Hang on to what you know that we have a heavenly father who is our literal Father in heaven. We have a savior our brother Jesus Christ who made the ultimate sacrifice for my sins and for yours and he was there to make up the difference so that we can even have a chance of making it through this life and we have the Holy Ghost to give us comfort and warnings about things we shouldn't do and he helps us to feel peace about the things that we should do living. The Gospel of Jesus Christ is the only way to true peace and happiness in this life and it's available. All to each one of us no matter what the next section of this lesson talks about how Jesus Christ was the perfect example of obedience when he was baptized. Jesus said follow me and do the things which you shall see me do and in the lesson that says the next time you partake of the sacrament consider reading second Nephi 3113 and pondering your determination to follow the sun with full purpose of heart and your willingness to take upon you the name of Christ. Second device 31:13. It is an awesome scripture that says wherefore my beloved Brethren. I know that if he shall follow the sun with full purpose of heart acting no hypocrisy and no deception before God, but with real intent repenting of your sins witnessing unto the father that you are willing to take upon you the name of Christ by baptism. Yay by following your lord and your savior down into the water according to his word behold then shall you receive the Holy Ghost? Ye then cometh the baptism of fire and of the Holy Ghost and then can you speak with Tongue of angels and shout Praises unto the Holy One of Israel. So that's my challenge to myself and to you this week. The next time you take the sacrament pull out the scripture and read it and see what thoughts you have. And what the Holy Ghost has to say to you while you're participating in that ordinance. I think that could be a pretty cool experience in verse 18 of chapter 31. Nephi says that when we enter through the gate of baptism, then we're on the straight and narrow path that leads to eternal life and I think sometimes we like to think Give it as a six-lane highway with really wide Lanes where we can all just choose our own lane and wander around wherever we want. And that's literally what the world wants us to believe but that is not our Heavenly father's plan after we're baptized. We still have a lot of work to do in verse 20. It says wherefore you must press forward with a steadfastness in Christ having a perfect brightness of Hope and a love of God and of all men wherefore if ye shall press forward feasting upon the word of Christ and endure to the end behold thus That the father ye shall have eternal life. I love that scripture because it's so proactive Nephi talks about pressing these seen an enduring. None of those words are casual words in any way to press forward tells me that there's some effort involved and that there is an opposing Force causing me to have to push a little harder to grow spiritually feasting upon the word of Christ tells me that I really need to get into the scriptures and learn to love reading them and to not treat them. Casually but to do it with purpose and intent enduring to the end is a lot more than just patiently waiting for my trials to end to me. It means I have an active part in the way things go for me and then I'm always trying to make good decisions and make things better for myself by involving my heavenly father and my savior in my life and in my decisions my son who's down at BYU has been a good example to me of someone who's enduring to the end over these past few months. You may have remembered that when he went down to be You the day that he got there his appendix burst. And so he had to have emergency surgery and the medicine that they gave him for the surgery caused him to have a really bad rash and then he got C diff, which if you don't know what that is. I don't know if you want to look it up because it's kind of gross but the medicine that he got for that caused him to have really bad joint pain. And then right after that he got the flu that kid has been through it but through his prayers and our prayers and blessings. He's and everyone just pulling for him and him pulling for himself. He has three days and he's done really well through all of his challenges. He is enduring to the end and he's going to make it in verse 21 Nephi says and now behold my beloved Brethren. This is the way and there is none other way nor name given under Heaven whereby man can be saved in the kingdom of God. And now behold this is the doctrine of Christ and the only and true doctrine of the father and of the son and of the Holy Ghost, which is one God Without End Amen if we want to know how to successfully make it through this life. Nephi is telling us under no uncertain terms that the Gospel of Jesus Christ is the way with all the things we have going on in our lives and with all the things that there are to do in this world in the end. There are very few things that really truly matter President Kimball said, I find that when I get casual in my relationships with divinity and when it seems that no Divine are is listening and no Divine voices speaking that I am Far far away if I immerse myself in the scriptures the distance Narrows and the spirituality returns. If we desire to know the father and his son, we must Feast daily upon the words of Christ as we do so we can testify with those who have gone before us that we have heard his voice and know his words and to kind of go along with that. I thought it was interesting what Nephi says in chapter 32 verse 7 after he's been trying to explain all these things to his people he says and now I Nephi cannot say more the Stop with mine entrance and I am left to mourn because of the unbelief and the wickedness and the ignorance and the stiffness of men for they will not search knowledge nor understand great knowledge when it is given unto them in plainness, even as plain as word can be sometimes do we get in our own way and stop our progress It's like President Kimball said that when he feels like he can't hear the Holy Ghost and has a hard time feeling the spirit. It's because he's the one who is far far away. And if we start feeling that way which I think we all do You are have at one time or another. The first thing we should probably do is look at how we're living our lives and what things we could change to open up that communication again, sometimes life can get very very complicated. But the basic principles of the Gospel are Eternal and they'll never change the atonement works for you all the time every day and that will never change in verse 9. Nephi tells us one of the best ways to open up that communication he says but behold I say unto you that you must pray always. Is and not faint that you must not perform anything unto the Lord save in the first place. You shall pray into the father in The Name of Christ that he will consecrate that performance unto thee that thy performance maybe for the welfare of thy Soul one time. My daughter asked me she said mom, how do you know how to be a mom? Like how do you know what to do? And I said, I have no idea what to do. I have no idea what I'm doing as a parent but I've always felt like heavenly father does know what to do because he is my kids parent and my parent too and he sent these kids to Earth and asked me to help him by helping them navigate their way through life. And so it's my absolute responsibility to ask him what he needs me to do and how he would like me to raise these kids and that's worked pretty well for me so far. I have a really strong testimony of prayer and I know that it works sometimes we don't get our answers right away and sometimes they are the answers that we don't necessarily want, but I do know that whatever. We get if we just move forward with faith. Our heavenly father will not leave us alone. And at some point everything will make sense. I've seen that work over and over again in my life. And that's a principle that I dearly hold on to Second Nephi chapter 33 verse 6 is one of my favorite scriptures in all this reading Nephi says I glory in playing this I glory and truth I glory in my Jesus for he hath redeemed my soul from hell. I love that. I think that such a touching sentiment from Nephi as I read that I can just picture him hammering these things out on metal plates and it's not like he can just be free to write whatever he wants and make Corrections or hit the delete key and keep starting over. So I picture him maybe trying to think of how he could convey his feelings about his savior. So he calls him my Jesus Levi had a personal relationship with our savior. He knew him and you think about Nephi's time the Savior hadn't even been born yet, so he didn't have a The wonderful stories that we have to look back on in to think about he didn't have any of the beautiful artwork or depictions of the Savior that we have in our homes or that we have easy access to he knew the savior because of the way he chose to live his life and each one of us has that same opportunity to get to know our savior on that same personal level so that we can also say that he is my Jesus. I just love that thought for me fi in verses 10 and 11 of chapter 33 it says and if ye shall be leave in Christ, you will believe in these words for they are the words of Christ and he hath given them unto me and they teach all men that they should do good. And if they are not the words of Christ judgey for Christ will show unto you with power and great Glory that they are his words at the last day and you and I shall stand face-to-face before his bar and you shall know that I have been commanded of him to write these things notwithstanding my weakness. Can you just imagine someday meeting Nephi how awesome will that be? I just want to give him a Hug and Tom, thank you for his sacrifices and for all the work that he went to so that we can have these inspiring words to read and to help us feel truth and to motivate us to do better. And I wanted to leave this week with a quote from Elder Ballard. He spoke this week at the BYU devotional and Provo and here's just one thing. He said he said there is one important identity. We all share now and forever one that we should never lose sight of and when we should be grateful for that is you and I have always been a son or daughter of God with spiritual roots in eternity. You are first and foremost and always will be a spiritual child of God. Those aren't just words from our beloved primary song. They are words of truth and they are imbued with the Eternal significance for all of us. This is the way living the Gospel of Jesus Christ is the only way to true peace and happiness in this life. Levi is the best the gospel is the best and I am so grateful for it. And those are my thoughts for this week. I have to say I'm going to miss Nephi. He's pretty awesome. But next week we get into Jacob and there's some good stuff there too. Don't forget that you can find me on Instagram at come. Follow me weekly and yes, I did make a baby Yoda mean for this week, so go check that out. Out. I hope you all have an amazing day and have a great week.