Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave, but you're not brave. You're smart. You lock the door behind her as she leaves promising to open up as soon as she gets back you wait and wait and wait some more still she doesn't return. Then you hear a scratching at the door. She owes you a cosmic brownie after all this worrying you reach for the deadbolt. Then there's a scream followed by a moan. You cry out telling your friend to stop joking around but then you hear only a moan followed by a final strange brat on the other side of the door. Your roommate has been murdered. Sit with your back against the wall your guilt growing. You can't help but feel partially responsible for your roommates death. Welcome to haunted places a podcast original. I'm Greg pulsing today's episode is part of our Urban Legend series every Tuesday. We explore those chilling stories. You hear secondhand the kind that seemed made up but contain a kernel of Truth urban legends is only on Spotify. So keep listening here to never miss an episode, but don't forget to come back each Thursday for a This episode of haunted places covering yet. Another ghost filled Locale you can find episodes of haunted places and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream haunted places for free on Spotify just open the app and type haunted places in the search bar at Park asked we're grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram @pccone. Our cast and Twitter at Park has Network today. We examine an urban legend that serves as the inspiration for some of the most iconic horror tropes of all time. And while the title of the roommates death may give away its ending the true horror lies in the protagonist decision to avoid changing the outcome at all. The roommates death dates back to the 1960s when more and more American women were beginning to attend universities with parents that administrators worried for their safety security often recommended a buddy system, but the buddy system relies on The Bravery of your counterpart. All it takes is one unlocked door to make a girl regret staying at school in the first place. Probably didn't know what she expected from the last party of the year, but having beer sloshed on a new shirt and evading several drunk get aggressive boys was not her idea of a fun time. It was Christmas Eve. She wanted a seasonal alcoholic beverage and a fireplace a group of friends singing carols together and escape from the ghost town. That was now their dorm her roommate. Chris had pitched her on that exact thing. She neglected to mention that the supposed caroling was at a frat house and the holiday trimmings were more of an afterthought Riley mingled for over an hour trying to find some sense of holiday spirit in the old frat house. But some Millennials Scrooge loomed in every corner talking about Christmas as the ultimate example of glorifying consumerism her feet hurt. She wanted to curl up in her bed with a cup of instant. Cocoa and fall asleep listening to The Nutcracker, she searched the crowd of people for Chris's Corkscrew curls when she spotted her she tapped her on the shoulder and made her excuses. She really needed to get home Chris wanted Riley to take a safe ride home Riley argue that their apartment was only half a mile away and she was sober the Seyfried wouldn't be worth the wait. Chris's eyes went wide realizing that Riley hadn't heard she told her to check her cell. Campus-wide alert was waiting for her blinking in all caps. There was a killer on the loose Riley sighs shot back to Chris. Chris nodded her head and told Riley to keep reading 19 year old Jesse Gelson had been walking home from campus two nights ago. She sent a check in text to her friend at 9:17 p.m. It was the last text message. She ever sent police had mounted a search yesterday. I discovered her remains buried under a mountain of snow. Oh in the courtyard at the center of Campus. Jesse's throat had been slashed but she'd been alive for at least 10 minutes the positioning of the body suggested. She was trying to pack the snow against her gaping wound security suggested that students use the buddy system until further notice the garden Courtyard that acted as the central Hub of Campus was presumed to be the site of the abduction this just so happened to be the exact path Riley needed to take home. Riley was sufficiently unnerved. She throwing snowballs in the courtyard earlier that day unaware of what was waiting beneath the snow. She fought the bile rising in her throat. She needed to get back to her apartment where she could barricade herself in until the killer was found. She didn't feel any safer in a frat house than she did outside still. She didn't trust the Seyfried drivers either. It was the perfect cover for someone looking to abduct students. It's Chris offered to walk with her if she could just wait another hour. She was on the hunt for a boy from Recon class and he hadn't shown up yet Riley knew how lonely Chris had been after her breakup and Chris didn't have anyone in the world now aside from Riley. It was so nice to see her smiling at the thought of speaking to a boy again. So she gave Chris a soft smile and told you to stay and enjoy herself. He was a quick walk. She would be fine Chris. Wrapped Riley in a hug and told her to text her as soon as she was home. The cold air hit Riley like a slap to the face. She could feel her cheeks turning Pink as the blood rushed to her head. She set out for home scanning your surroundings carefully, but all was still she smiled to herself. No creatures were stirring not even the campus has famously aggressive squirrels. No Santa and his reindeer overhead. Just a deserted campus the sounds of the Frat House faded. With each step. She took suddenly a chunk of cold wet snow struck Riley in the back of her head. She spun around to see who had thrown it, but there was no one there Riley stared at the dark empty sidewalk shivering as the freezing particles of the snowball trip to down her neck her gaze slowly fell to the ground a pair of fresh boot prints tracked alongside hers through the snow as if someone had been Following her for blocks but several yards back the prince just stopped Riley picked up her Pace. It was probably just some stupid prank some jerk. Just trying to scare her but Jesse's death kept floating back into her brain. She had been walking across campus at night and died huddled under a makeshift aglow as blood poured from her neck. Snow smashed against Riley's jacket again. She didn't turn to look this time Riley pulled her phone out of her pocket. She wanted to be able to call emergency services at a moment's notice this time. She could hear the crunch of someone else behind her. She felt something graze the back of her jacket Riley desperately tried to control her breathing as her finger pressed down at the call button on her phone, but her feet slipped as Hit a patch of ice her legs went flying sending her careening across a slick spot of brick her phone sliding out of her hands. She was barely able to keep herself upright fear and adrenaline mingled in her system her breath coming out in large white Puffs. She couldn't hear anything over the sounds of her own breath and the fast pumping of her blood Riley scooped up her phone trying to dry it off as she leant forward. The ice forced her to be sure of her movements her ankles strained with a constant need to stabilize but then as her heart rate slowed at our breaths began to even out she could hear the heavy breathing of someone behind her. They hadn't given up the chase her foots lid half a step as she neared her dorm. Whoever was behind her was getting close. Riley's hands Shook and she put her key to the door and turned it not letting herself look back. She locked the door behind her and kept walking sure. She was alone besides this wasn't all woman storm. No, man had a key Criminal Minds had taught her that serial killers were mostly men she was safe now. It took a few tries to get her phone to work, but she managed to dial Chris in order to tell her that Seyfried probably would have been a good idea that was odd Riley could hear Chris has custom ringtone coming from the kitchen puzzled. She walked around the corner only to see a large Shadow darkening the doorway probably didn't wait. She bolted for her broom as quietly as she possibly could brushing aside the fresh Greenery and Kings of popcorn she and Chris had hung over the door before she died inside. She locked the door tightly and placed her ear against the wood, but she couldn't hear anything Riley looked down at her phone her link to Salvation. She tapped the screen hurriedly, but he refused to cooperate colorful ripples bread wherever she touched then the screen went black. Riley shook the device tapping the screen more frantically. The thing was supposed to be water resistant up to 3 feet but it was of no use she was on her own. Next Riley faces a deadly decision. Hi, it's Greg. I'm excited to tell you that park has an incredible new show you must check out it's called dictators and it lets you delve into the minds of some of the world's most feared leaders. You can hear new episodes every Tuesday here are host skate and Richard to tell you more. Thank you so much. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through Horse and deceit they rise through the ranks towards radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is their ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control each. aitor is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into their rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the Lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. Riley moved her desk chair over to sit in front of the door as quietly as she could she brought her knees up to her chest trying to reconstruct the night in a way that made sense. There had been the alarming news of a murdered Sorority Girl discovered in a pile of snow on the quad then someone had stalked Riley on her way home from a frat party pelting her with snowballs. She thought she'd made it home safe, but the large Shadow she'd seen her the dorm kitchen was. Too big to be any of her housemates plus he'd had Chris's follow. Riley shivered how could that have happened belatedly, it occurred to her that the killer could have been in her room already. Maybe the safe ride had been on time for once and Chris had gotten home ahead of her only to be caught by a sadistic murderer said on slashing her throat Riley walked every square inch of the space looking for anything. That might be out of place. The windows were painted shot all of her belongings were in the state of chaos that they'd been in before. She left. Maybe Chris had just left her phone in the kitchen by accident before heading to the party. Maybe she and Riley were safe, but she couldn't risk it. She slid her puffy coat off as quietly as she could and settled into wait. Her adrenaline was beginning to wear off. She was running on empty, but she fought sleep as best. She could staring at the door bracing herself for a masked monster to come through it. But our my our her eyelids sunk lower and lower the door blurred in front of her and she fell asleep. She woke slowly to the sound of scratching. It was faint barely noticeable, but it was there. She wondered briefly if someone had brought a cat in but then remembered where she was the school didn't allow pets in the dorms and there was a killer on the loose one who might have access to her dorm Riley crept out of bed on tiptoe and headed towards the doors. She stood on top of the desk chair. Stared into the peephole. There was some sort of mass at her door, but it was hard to make out details from this angle. Whoever it was they were on the ground Riley saw a bloody hand reached for the door. It's angled on her side, but the lock held tight. the scratching resumed Riley scurried back over to her bed curling into herself pulling the blankets up to her chin the scratching got louder. She closed her eyes trying to imagine a way out of the situation, but the scratching continued someone wanted in they would do whatever it took to find her a moan joined. The scratching Riley was shaking. It had to be a trick a Gambit to convince her to open the door. Or but the sound had so much anguish to it tears spilled down onto her comforter. She didn't know what to do Riley covered her ears trying to block it all out. She shut her eyes shaking her head, but when she opened them again, she realized she was staring at the old lead-glass windows painted closed for what had likely been decades then at the chair that was blocking the door. There was only one way to escape but it would involve removing her defenses. She pulled her jacket back on and picked up the chair as quietly as she could. She took a slow deep breath then used all of her strength just slam it against the window, but the glass didn't break Riley couldn't suppress her grown of frustration as she lifted the chair again. She pummeled the window over and over as the moans from outside the room grew louder one small crack bloomed on the window pane. Then another a small Shard felt free frantic Riley used her covered elbow to clear out enough space to climb through she lifted herself up and wiggled forward glass dug into her abdomen. She nearly passed out from the pain barely suppressing her cry. Gritting her teeth. She pushed harder dislodging the glass and tumbling to the cold ground. The icy snow burned her skin but she had done it clutching her bleeding stomach. She crawled to her feet and started moving behind her. She could still hear the scratching on the door. She stumbled toured the campus security building blood trailing behind her with each step as she ran. She saw her own Footprints and those of someone else Streaks of red on the ground Riley felt faint but she had to keep going. She collapsed as she entered Through The Swinging Doors wilting under the fluorescent lights and the tinsel and small string lights on an emaciated Christmas tree Slam in and out of focus campus security scooped her up one officer yelling at another to get a med student in here. Riley was struggling to stay conscious. There was so much blood gushing out of her midsection and her Panic was making it move faster. She stumbled through her version of events. They began to ask questions about the multi colored bulbs on the walls blurred to White and she drifted Into Darkness. Riley woken hospital bed her stomach felt heavy and warm but it was closed that was good an officer stepped into the room his face devoid of color. He asked Riley if she would be able to identify something for the place. She steeled herself to look at a winter wonderland where Chris's body had been turned into a holiday decoration. But this picture had been taken inside fresh blood coated stale popcorn and a half hung Garland of pine branches had slid from a weather door frame. It was Chris and Riley's door. The broken Greenery was clutched in a still White Hand the fingernails scraped two knobs. Chris has throat had been slashed Blood Trail down her clothes Riley scream. Chris has other hand was a bloody stump white bone shining through like a small patch of snow. But detective trying to tell Riley that there was nothing she could have done it was too dangerous. She might have been heard as well. But Riley shook her head. She had been all Chris had in the world. She should have been there when Chris left it. The roommates death predates the now more popular urban legend, aren't you? Glad you didn't turn on the lights by 20 years and comparing the experience of college co-eds in the 1960s versus the 1980s makes all the difference. We covered aren't you glad you didn't turn out the lights back in October, but the primary elements of the legend bear repeating a college co-ed comes back late to find a roommate seemingly. Stout in bed her breathing labored deciding not to disturb her the co-ed turns in as well without ever actually switching on the lights in the morning. She wakes to a horrifying crime scene the words aren't you? Glad you didn't turn on the lights are Written in Blood above her roommates mangled corpse, aren't you? Glad you didn't turn on the lights is based on the horror of inaction the college students. Vision to mind her own business rather than check out. Our friend is the cause of the tragedy but the roommates death has the lead girl making a more active choice to save herself while her friend parishes. Folklore Simon Bronner connects the story to another urban legend. We've covered the boyfriend's death while this story is set on a deserted Highway rather than a college campus a girl cowers in her car while her boyfriend is murdered by a mysterious maniac. Brenner writes the lingering question for The Listener that might be whether responsibility for the tragedy belongs with a victim who took the risk of going out late at night or with the person in the room who did not answer the door because of her fear of the murderer the issue of responsibility commonly underlies the climax of both the boy friends and roommates death stories and in each type extreme fear and courage could each be shown to create problems. In this age of adolescent Independence the 1960s were a point of major flux and the lives of American women more and more of them are leaving home for the first time getting an education and the humanities before either marrying a fellow college student or entering the workforce while these moves presented real potential for personal growth. They also Place coeds into tight quarters with strangers. Some roommate situations ended. Well While others went poorly but in general The Sisterhood that would later be popularized by the feminist movement wasn't always a natural component of the to woman roommate dynamic in some ways. It seems the roommates death endorses a kind of me first isolation. That would be attacked later by stories. Like aren't you glad you didn't turn out the lights but those interrogations of selfishness our direct result of Culture parsing through the original story to find a more satisfying form of catharsis. The main elements of the roommates death are the inspiration for Bob Clark's 1974 horror film black Christmas often referenced as one of the first entries in the slasher genre the film follows the sorority sister who struggles to Outfox a murderer who breaks into her sorority house and begins killing her friends during winter break black Christmas borrow. Rose several tropes from multiple urban legends including the roommates deaths holiday setting and the threatening phone calls from the babysitter and the man upstairs. It's often cited as the first time the warning that the call is coming from inside the house appeared on film but the movies most important contribution to the slasher genre comes in its greatest departure from the roommates death by introducing the so-called final girl. Named by film scholar Carol J Clover and her 1992 Book Men Women and chainsaws gender in the modern horror film the Final Girl suffers and survives while those around her are murdered by the story's villain leading to a final confrontation between the dangerous perpetrator and our now hardened heroin. Halloween's Laurie Strode screams Sidney Prescott and even Ripley in the alien franchise all fall into this archetype, but the protagonist in The roommates death doesn't fight back. She chooses self-preservation over Sisterhood and survives. But at what cost at its heart the legend of the roommates death is about cowardice while aren't you glad you didn't turn out the lights confronts the horror of This close to death while a killer was in the room. The roommates death is more ambiguous. It's unclear. If the protagonist could have saved her slowly dying friend by opening the door, but many signs point to yes. It's a story of survivor's guilt that also reinforces warnings about stepping out of the safety of the community and its values both punishing and demanding bravery in one single swoop. It's far more appealing to follow the story of a final girl than that of the lead in the roommates death. There's less cynicism and far more hope and change in many ways the story of black Christmas and it's spiritual successor Halloween are the wish-fulfillment answers to the roommates death. Wouldn't it be nice? We imagine if we could find the strength inside ourselves to fight back even when we can't save our friends. But would you actually fight back when the night is dark and a killer might lurk just outside the door. Would you take the risk is guilt of Fate worse than death or is the idea of drowning in your own blood fingernails scrape to nothing as you claw for safety enough to make you abandon a friend. Let's hope you never have to decide. Thanks again for tuning into haunted places will be back on Thursday with a new episode and don't forget to come back on Tuesday for our Urban Legend series available only on Spotify. You can find more episodes of haunted places and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify not only does modify already have all your favorite music but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all your favorite Park asked Originals like haunted places for free. From your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream haunted places on Spotify just open the app and type haunted places in the search bar and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park S network until next time don't believe some of the things you hear believe all of them. Haunted places was created by Max Cutler at is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Carrie Murphy with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Freddy Beckley this episode of haunted places was written by Lil D Ritter and Jennifer Rachet with writing assistance by Greg Castro. I'm Greg Paulson. Hide listeners, don't forget to check out Park ass fantastic new original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.