What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new POS see you mulatto so you can software and Equipment CNN poll provides a pcso so thing another new price. Yeah current price. So the record button video at or something in so Friday and last trading day NASA 52 sent our style. And then, you know current yield may be beginning for this year compared to the 52 centavo price per share is NASA 9.6% So at the beginning dividend this 2020 it is a 5 centavos per share. 20:19 seem long. So same yield long been shh. I say it's exactly the same meaning in olano last year 2019. So to my heat on you, so unpin a mahogany teak no teeth OSU XD. So I uploaded all like on the X date of the Of the of the stock. So March 3 is a Tuesday. And so yeah, hopefully not Bolin opinion on before you next eight or mismo di Parma Baron gonna dividends for this year. I think never pass along William Howard in detox. So you're starting to learn dividend payments and deposits in a pagina special payments. Oh, yeah, nothing in as a honeymoon, but hopefully, you know someday or maybe this year is the year. We will be selling on to go roll like the latter part of their name on a array. And then at the point along the 20,000 shares some plc's image morishige. The average price on the believe size sensor 58 Santa was so major matuschek compared to the current price. I'm not looking to buy more but thing Manhattan say in some March 3 nausea new XD and parole be around evidence for this year. So I think yeah I going along you belong. Eben stocks and we begin than dividends for this year, but I'll solicit. Oh, I think maybe not modesty yield. So concrete new maletto go along. The next one is bpel Bell corporation brief background lung incorporate Channel 1973 Mining and oil exploration. Densha similar Dunes of PLC. And then Johan Santana Silla so facilities with the integrated Resort the Post Sylvania, mahogany entertainment city, which was eventually And that's the City of Dreams Manila. So your current price is 1.50 54 pesos. So yield this year has a help center was pressuring BB and dividends is 7 point 79% cm long and with last year. He shouldn't increase sperm History Channel increase a rotating in the dito. So from 2014 like every year in English except known 2015 to 2017. Actually Bob bashara, Uncle Auntie Alice. Yeah have and then three straight years 2015 to 2017 going along then again. Chrysolite nagging told Santa was gonna Starting in 2018 then yeah three straight three solid. So hopefully next year. We'll get a solid cylinder be beginner dividends pero ya healthy own yield. Yes, 7.7 then perceptually major meth Asha, then Yen meruna 1000 shares settle and you can negate a new 2.18 boom price pressure in an umbilical Shaheen average place the majority of the market Noona billy goat own. Top Model, and if you don't know it yet Major mobile bio Market nothing any stock market. So when I pop plumage and as a parent 6.70 points along young PSE, I think parents Mini-Me rolling in performance the new stock market so us has a you imagine a popular material and remaining factors as a me another power to endow omega-3, but like literally long So my Bogota also I think Nick will pull out the young man foreign investors and then in coronavirus, but I think what an Amanda but one man reason but I'm not panicked aisle, like you've been taking stocks nothing and no one. Cussing but one Basha for an amoeba and profitable aluminum base accessibility. No. movie beeping and dividends most likely efficiency Gerardo Where are most likely to be people in shh? And then move on to the next one CLI Cebu, let Masters Incorporated. I think first. I'm going to knock over my incorporate channel on September 26 2003. then yeah real estate related activities in business illa a company caters to the high-end mid-market economic and social a segments of the housing market apart from its Condominiums and subdivisions Sabula and monsters also engaged in Building mixed-use Development Office Buildings and hotels Current price is for pesos and 42 centavos. Yield, maybe begins. Yeah pour this year is 5.65 percent. That is 25 centavos per share last year muscle Basha or Point 52% long yield and then 20 centavos per share. You've been a guy that dividends. So at all bagged up a long journey began and dividends. So 2018 and start it's good every year in again Grisha. So I think this is a good buy well upon my be billing CLI a stock. So I think it's a good time to buy a house a mile up. It has healing will begin and dividends. So your ex date is March 31 ahjumma developer me one month, but I have Arabic male. And hopefully the name Ann Machado Thomason prices ya zi Yin announced new dividend payments for this year usually come up asking prices snow. No stocks cup of Gumbo maybe begin a silly now and dividends and then Bobbi Bacha kapag now Baron Hindi didn't so iron. Let's move on to the next one. It is LM not a lot o mer Manila electric company, so Meralco an entire Ohio stop by it oriente when the tire solution I think the and I think Helen began on background you Meralco. Let's jump right into it. You current price is 269 and 80s and Towers you yield new for this year S mobile Baba has a BBC learning special like late late months of the year. So like September November something like that when you know one day last year so last year when you this 5.95 percent, so that's a total of 16. Pesos per share but this March will be penalized along five. So total of 10 pesos per share. So 3.85 balling yield. But if they decide to give another special dividend this November November is a satanic be last year. So that assume Jillian about tension and almost 6 or 5 point something percent almost 6% but if they do, side that the give that special dividend payment oil per annum on 3.85 percent per Indian malayo-polynesian Indian Maggie the new digital last year no, March 19, uxd actually been aired on April 15. / so 5 .9 + 4 .6 e 3 and then okay my lip allow August 22 Paula. Neela XD so by late September 11, Aaron you another five point four to six not dividends and this year Thomas not contain regular from 4.6 III like a king. 5.1 and then we special not gonna 5.2. Hopefully will behave a little at this August para Su lateness württemberg-baden Athena stock Silla. Oh, I so open that idea Tony on someone special mentions. Nah, Nagisa last year around this time so much then but like nipple Elena announce this year. So we need is a gradual movie big Isabella. But I think most likely in Islamabad big I can say I think as early as late Fab non-stop with you my dividend payments, but a beginning exudate going on. To now resources see Chillin whistling, urinating and go like currently when they website. Yeah, shoutout Kappa like chill invest. So Brown helped full moon tools mosa website more mpac Edge has a sovereign Baga and like marami akong pages in them open. But yeah anyway, so particularly to someone special mentions a NSE Soriano Corporation. So healed And last year is it .2% Uxd in the beginning is March 12 last year you won. So the bone is even more common BBC Long March this year the but not announce name and yeah NASA records and be paid with but while a Paso bunga bunga long Taya The other one is pH and film a corporation yield gas last year as a .08 % XD March 18. Then SEC Samira remaining in power Corporation yield was 6.44 percent. Ex did last year was March 28th? And then AP avoid this power Corporation yield. Yes, 5.35 % XD it last year was March 18. So yeah animal anything about Merlin say 300 million in is actually this Fab. I think that whole module in the booking price that will store there's a limit order go so lucky Shang unexpired long. Beige and I think they opened it a try SEC last year into three hombre en Caso and they're in fulfilling orders score. Same Met Your Mother as Papa young price home producer song price. AP major malcesine about this but I think worth it shh, but I'm not sure going to be busy and dividends this year. So yeah banana thing again. And then reopen at inhuman a dividend paying stocks this month. Tuna a man announcing dividend payments made it stung me XD. It's not real see Bell CLI and Meralco chambray Denim and apana announced Burnaby casilla around this time last year ANS phn SEC and AP. All right, opposite of my new episode guys and Benedito like and share in your in if a trip. I know you don't content. Go before we end check Orleans on your tongue quote from Warren Buffett Sabina. We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy when and to be greedy only when others are fearful, So in human Engineering in what I mean now, I am fearful casting a in one box talking points on the stock market. Wow buying value in among. I've been a long stalks. So when I pop Onyx here and only 11 x 14 losses school, but if you believe then some companies use a busy Cessna being alone, you know stocks and Nikita Noona in the next five ten. The years in the long run my gigging profitable Peninsula, Daniela Mercury like yeah ognjen hyena emotions, you will get the best of you and like an event and stocks and then eventually not recover in a man and then we'll miss out in my dividend payments in the future. And you know what animal mopping Sabi sand painting stock market? Kombucha has an element along with long mopping predictin like come on Tommy. Let's go Romeo alignment Notch Amber pero, I think most movement among better than small businesses. I'm nothing but a girl like for example, let me Cebu Pacific. They exhibit a moment stocks ala Max. Stop nestled among operate the name and Eva. Sharon stapel Nutella, so it's available in sand like they offer good deal summon. So I don't think began selling model look and misssara so-eun to send Scola Semana de tout Jen at least anomic Benta one long stalks. Hey everyone. Thanks for listening to the podcast. If you want more of my content, be sure to leave a rating give a like share it and subscribe. Your feedback is always welcome and appreciated. And remember he passes smart. See ya.