Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so Every time we discuss something it will always end with the word of God because he has the final say and my prayer is for all of us. Is that as we listen to this as we speak that word that our perspective on the situation will change will have deeper revelation of God's faithfulness. And you know, even if we don't see the answer we want or we have to wait till we're in a place of tarrying my prayer is that will have greater revelation of who he is and just how faithful he is to us because he is faithful but the very first episode is actually not going to be a story or a situation that we're going through is actually just going to be a list of scriptures which has encouraged me in times past and currently and we'll just I'll be speaking the scriptures and my prayer for all of us. Is that as these scriptures are spoken that you don't hear my voice? But you hear the word of the Lord. I pray that you will speak whatever scripture is relevant into your circumstance and we'll know that God is faithful and he is on your side. Amen. So without Much Ado, let's get straight into it first John 5 14 to 15. Now. This is the confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will he hears us and if we know that he hears us whatever we ask we know that we have the petitions. We have asked of him some chapter 20, may the Lord answer you in the day of trouble. May the name of the god of Jacob defend you may he send you help from the sanctuary and strengthen you out of Zion. May he remember all your offerings and accept your burnt sacrifice? May he Grant you according to your heart's desire and fulfill your purpose and we Rejoice in your salvation and in the name of our God will set up our banners made the Lord fulfill all your petitions. Now, I know that the Lord saves his anointed he will answer him from his holy heaven and with saving strength out of his right hand some trust in chariots some in horses, but we will remember the name of the Lord Our God they have bow down and Fallen they have risen and but we have risen and stand upright save Lord and made the king cancer us when we call. Amen. Hebrews 10 best 23 let us hold fast the confession of Our Hope without wavering for he who promised is faithful Exodus 14 verse 13 and 14 and Moses said to the people do not be afraid stand still and see the salvation of the Lord which he will accomplish for you today for the Egyptians who you see today you will see again. No more the Lord will fight for you. And you shall hold your peace second chronicles 20 verse 12 and 15. Oh, well God, will you not judge them for we have no power against this great multitude that is coming against us nor do we know what to do but eyes are upon you there's 15 and he said listen all of you Judah you inhabitants of Jerusalem and you Jehoshaphat first there's the law to you do not be afraid nor dismayed because of this great multitude for the battle is not yours. But Gods amen Psalm 34 4 to 10. I sought the Lord and he heard me and he delivered me from all my fears. They look to him and were radiant and their faces were not ashamed this poor man. Cried out and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his troubles the angel of the Lord encamps around those who fear Him and delivers them o taste and see that the Lord is good blessed is the man who trusts in him. Oh fear the lord you his Saints. There is no want to those who fear Him the Young Lions lack and suffer hunger, but those who seek the Lord shall not lack any good thing. Amen, John 14 verse 16 Jesus talking about the Holy Spirit and I will ask the father and he will give you another comforter counselor helper intercessor Advocate strengthener and stand by that he may remain with you forever. As I 55 verses 8 to 11. For my thoughts are not your thoughts nor are your ways my ways says the Lord for as the heavens are higher than the earth. So are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts for as the rain comes down and the snow from heaven and do not return them but water the Earth and make it bring forth and Bud that it may give seed to the sower and bread to the eater. So shall my word be that. As forth from my mouth it shall not return to me void but it shall accomplish what I please and it shall prosper in the thing for which I have sent in. Amen Psalm 117. That's to the his mercy and loving-kindness are great towards us and the truth and faithfulness of the Lord endures forever, praise the Lord. Luke 1 verse 37 not one promise from God is empty of power for Nothing is Impossible with God. Amen, I'm going to read that one again. Not one promise from God is empty of power for Nothing is Impossible with God Amen. Luke 1 verse 45 and blessed happy to be envied. Is she who believed that they would be a fulfillment of the things that were spoken to her from the Lord? Jeremiah 21 verses 11 to 13 for I know the thoughts that I think toward you says the Lord thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you a future and a hope then you will call upon me go and pray to me and I will listen to you and you will seek me and find me when you search for me with your whole heart. remember second Corinthians 10 verses 3 to 5 For though, we walk in the flesh. We do not war according to the flesh for the weapons of our Warfare are not carnal But Mighty in God for pulling down strongholds casting down arguments and every High thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God bringing every thought into captivity to The Obedience of Christ. Amen. That's June 1 fast 9 if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Amen Romans 8 verses 26 and 34 likewise, the spirit helps us in our weakness has for we don't know what we should pray for as we ought. But the spirit himself makes intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered and there's 34. Who is he who condemns? It is Christ who died and furthermore is also risen and is even at the right hand of God who also makes intercession for us. Amen. Mark 11:22 224 so Jesus answered and said to them have faith in God for assuredly. I say to you whoever says to this mountain be removed and be cast into the sea and does not doubt in his heart but believes that he has those things. He says will be done. He will have whatever. He says therefore I say to you whatever things you ask when you pray believe that you receive. Steve them and you will have them. Amen, Luke, 18:1 and 7 then he spoke a parable to them that men always ought to pray and not lose heart and their seven and shall God not avenge his own elect who cry out to him day and night though. He Bears long with them. I tell you that he will avenge them speedily nevertheless when the son of man comes will he really find faith on Earth Numbers 23 verse 19 God is not a man that he should lie nor a son of man that he should repent has he said and will he not do or has he spoken? And will he not make it good? Amen? Jeremiah 17 verses 5 to 8 thus says the Lord cursed is the man who trusts in man and makes flesh his strength whose heart departs from the Lord for he shall be like a shrub in the desert and shall not see when good comes but shall inhabit those parts places in the wilderness and I sought land which is not inhabited blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord whose hope is the law. the he shall be like a tree planted By the Waters which spread out its roots by the river and will not fear when heat comes but is leaves will be green and will not be anxious in the year of drought nor cease from yielding fruit first Peter 537 casting the whole of your care all your anxieties all your worries all your concerns once and for all all on him who cares for you affectionately and cares about you watchfully. Yes Lamentations 3 21 to 23, but this I recall and therefore I have hope and expectation it is because of the Lord's mercy and loving-kindness that we are not consumed because his tender compassion's fail not they own you every morning. Great and abundant is your stability and faithfulness. Genesis chapter 18 verse 14 is anything too hard for the Lord at the appointed time? I will return to you and according to the time of life. Sarah shall have a son Ephesians 2:12 to 13. That's at that time. You were without Christ being aliens from the Commonwealth of Israel and strangers from the covenants of the promise having no hope Without God in the world, but now in Christ Jesus you who were once far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ. Amen Hebrews 4:15 to 16 this high. Priest of ours understands our weaknesses the he faced all of the same testings as we do yet. He did not sin. So let us come boldly to the throne of grace of our gracious God there. We will receive mercy and we will find Grace to help us when we need it the most. Amen as Aya 54 verse 17 no weapon formed against you shall prosper and every tongue which Rises against you in judgment you shall condemn. This is the heritage of the Servants of the Lord and their righteousness is from me says the Lord Some fifty Seven verse 2. I will cry out to God most high who performs on my behalf and rewards me who brings to pass his purposes for me and Shirley. He completes them. Amen and finally Ephesians 1:17 to 20. I pray that the father of Glory the god of our Lord Jesus Christ would impart to you the riches of the spirit of wisdom the spirit of Revelation to him through your deepening intimacy with him. Sorry to know him through your deepening intimacy with him. I pray that the light of God will illuminate your eyes of your imagination flooding you with light until you experience the full revelation of Hope of his calling fat is the wealth of God's glorious inheritance has that he finds in us his holy ones. I pray that you will continually experience the immeasurable greatness of God's power made available to you through faith. Then your lives will be an advertisement of this immense power as it works through you. This is the mighty power that was released when God raised Christ from the dead and exalted him to the place of highest honor and supreme authority in the Heavenly Realm. amen Amen, so that wraps up our first podcast ever with what a word with kbdb. I pray that as you listen to these scriptures. I'll be listening to this in times of testing and challenges where you need to encourage yourself in the word of God just like David encouraged himself in the in the word of God. I pray that you will receive strength in your inner man. I prayed that any trial or situation that has come to overwhelm you and there are so many scriptures that I could use. I'm even thinking of them now that you know, when the enemy comes in like a flood the Holy Spirit comes and raises the standard that he is do not fear for he is with you. He will not leave you nor forsake you I pray that deeply that your heart will be lightened and truly we will know that our God is with us and he is For us I pray that as you've listened that there was a scripture that you can take for yourself that you can speak into that circumstance. You can use as your sword of your mighty sword in battle against whatever trial you're going through and above all I pray for all of us that we will have deep revelation of just how faithful and awesome. Our God is amen. Amen. Awesome Okay, so until the next time and I will speak with you soon and always always always because when we know better we do better by