Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like, It takes you a minute to realize what's going on in it. But but when you do, it's really really cool. Hey, let's not do that thing where we don't describe the cover we're talking about I was gonna go as long as we could so so it is it is a cover with Gwendolyn and Sophie and they are inside of the mouth of one of these sort of gecko e dragons. Yep, and we get then it's kind of Montage we get a giant lion cat face in the background and a tiny. What was the start Chopper? What was the name of the star Wacker Wacker? Yeah car Wacker the world's ship and the most striking blue ass blue solid background. This is this is the platonic ideal of blue it really like this is yeah. This is like this is like like those of you picture blue you're picturing this color. Film perfect blue was just this cover for an hour and 32 minutes. I should I should I should figure out the hex of that you I thought you were talking about like witchcraft for a second and I was really excited. But you're talking about nerdy color shit. You're a nerd fuck. You should like this shit got me. No, this is sincerely. I like how exaggerated it looks without it actually being exaggerated. I guess the matter is as seems a little exaggerated. Covid and it's all little obtuse. I don't know. I'm looking at the single issue so I can see where the title is but the title is kind of parallel with the bottom of the Dragons Jaws. So it's like just slightly obtuse like slightly diagonal but it just fits so well. Yeah. Yeah, I kind of actually looks like without the title it actually kind of looks awkward. I think this is one that looks better with the title. Oh, yeah, for sure. Yeah. No, let me see if I can pull up one with the title and then they have the in the corner that the bottom right corner. They have the 26 and they also the is diagonal like everything's diagonal is kind of off and it creates this sense of danger and I love it. It's so good. It also like feels like kind of like a poster. Oh, yeah. Yeah, especially with the I love the lion cat head in the background. Yeah thrown in there. It's fantastic. It's good. All right. Should we do we have do we have any news by the way? Do we have any news for getting I feel like we keep forgetting. There's something we keep forgetting to talk about or something. They announced the high did they announce when the Hiatus is ending? No. No, but this is something I'm so glad you eventually got me there because it's not news but this is something I want recorded and so I could come back and say like I fucking called it. But this is my prediction. Okay for one Saga is coming back. Yeah ever prank. Avon has secretly been dead for 18 months. Now this is this is my prediction and it is we have a history of saga doing weird pricing stuff. So there was a 25 cent issue at one point, which was a big deal to sort of get readers back on board. I don't remember what issue. That was though 25. I don't it might have been but that could be it. Which would you know, it would add even more to the confusing this issue, but then they also did just a straight-up magari Conga 43, you know what it might've been 43 was 25 cents. Okay, was that also what's on the cover of that? Is that the zebra one? Yeah, I think that's the one that was at free comic book day, but it was just 25 cents and not free. But this is my this is my prediction free comic book day coming out in May. I don't think this was it. I shouldn't have come out yet for me. Like we've been watching because it's usually like, you know for months in advance or whatever. But my prediction is that Saga is going to come back if it's if not on free comic book day. I do think it's going to come back with just a super cheap super inexpensive issue, but free comic book day seems perfect to get people back on board. Yeah. If it doesn't we should pick something else up but we should eat like pick up a free comic book day comic or something like that and do something. Ting do a free comic book day, but I would love that this pit yeah or ever even long but they live stream. That would be great. Like let yeah, I would love to do something that like everyone came here to going out and getting Comics they can stay at home. You know what I think it was this is the most Niche thing but I'm pretty sure it was just announced that Mark Waid famous comic book writer love his Daredevil run is becoming the publisher of whoever. Did the inkle Mobius and was it further asking who did the ankle anyway, it was Mobius is the is the artist for that and it's like this crazy. Well, actually it's very Saga. It's this crazy nonsensical French sci-fi book that has a million all you ever heard of this. Oh dude. It is Peak Comics fucking like help. I like I would not be surprised if it was one of the biggest influences on Saga. But yeah, but Mark Waid is coming back like is writing a sort of spin-off or continuation or something. That's going to be one of the Free Comic Book Day things. So that might be worth checking out will look into our options here. But I want that one. That seems interesting. Well do something for free comic book day. Yeah celebrate called. Let's send all of you a free comic go ahead and do that one though. We'll send all of you directions to your local comic store. You can go pick up a free comic no that's even will send it want to do this. You guys directions to Google where you can look up your local comic book store teach a man to Google. He'll Havoc for Life. Hey, no, let's talk about this damp comic. Yeah. What do you want to take this or should I yeah, you know here I lost her so because I don't know why I just didn't think about it before I said it. All right, but I do want to point out again again. This might be the opening. Any sort of well, that's true. Yeah thing for like lash is no splash. Yeah, so that might be this volumes thing. I was trying to figure out what this volumes thing is does this it might just be no Solace issue even have a splash at all till the end this see it's got the last ones a splash but that's it's a lot of semi splashes. But also there's a lot there's a lot that goes on in this so we start out with a with a man with Darth Maul horns in a black ski mask saying and Broken language you emptying money now and what I can only describe as a wacky waving inflatable arm-flailing tube-man. Yep, but living this is a green flimsy person. Alien thing says, please don't kill me. I got a family to take care of and it's a we're witnessing a convenience store robbery. And then we see that Marco is in the convenience store he tries. To reason with the man because he recognized he's a fellow haunted person and we get some blue language which I will translate after the scene, but he comes up to him non-threatening Lee tries to talk him down Green Man Runs Out screaming the inflatable arm-flailing tube-man. Thank you because that screaming and Yuma notices and curses under breath. And so it's Marco trying to talk. The guy down guy doesn't buy into it. He shoots a big blue blast of energy out of his his sort of shiv knife knife and and Marco Dodges it punches him in the face punches him again punches him again punches him again. The background turns red and gets Marcos shadowy eyes. Yep. Scary Marco until Goose walks out of the bathroom. I'm saying the heck are you doing Marco realizes he doesn't know what he's doing and Prince robot says well don't stop because that guy might go to the the constables with this information. We need to kill him. So he doesn't turn you in. You know, Marco refuses. Yuma says, don't worry about it. I'll I'll go ahead and erase the surveillance footage and as everyone else leaves the gas station / convenience store Yuma fines. In the guys in her pocket some familiar reflective candy bar looking things. Yeah that we know his fade away. That is our opening scene here. And I guess I should show I translate what we ya ya Let's get the what does Ock translate to where is that a HK when he gets punched in the face, I'm gonna show ya know that that actually that actually is Esperanto for no. X wait, can I try I'm gonna try translating. All right, so okay so as real as the phrase and then transfer to trunk Villa a Mickey. No, huh? Are you hmm? Tranquilizing. Yes. Armadillos. Yes, that's it. What's the next one? Um, no Faro. I own Stilton. Yeah, we we don't want to hurt you or something like that. No, it's it's please don't tranquilize my armadillos, but keep going. Alright, and then he turns and says attend to lap Ryan affiant are a furrowing her down told her downtown must mean like lose some Things like pay attention or you're going to lose your head or something like that. How did I do? Hmm bizarrely close on that one. He said don't lose your aardvarks. This is fantastic. No, but actually so we get we the first one is Marco speaking from off of panel. Do not worry friend. Do not do anything stupid. Okay, and then where you said something about lose its mind your own business loser. Oh, alright, and then he he says something something. I'm a veteran. Okay, and then something Qs orgas. Which it isn't even that's already wheat that's already translated. We already know cues orgas and then no thank you so much for the face. Ya know. What does he actually say? He says I know times are hard. I am also a veteran so you got half that right and then cues Argus is who cares and then he attacks them and then he says no thank you to the punch in the face. This scene is great just because it's very like, I don't know we've moved into another. Genre where we're kind of in like the like Vagabond D running through a gas station kind of like vigilantism. But it like like this scene almost feels like something out of a Tarantino movie or something like that, right? Yeah, you know what this actually kind of reminded me of was it winter soldier where everyone's on the or yeah him and black. We're on the Run where it's just very much that these these super-powered people trying to blend in. But but then also like trying to like them Moral compass getting in the way of them blending in. Yeah. I love I love the tattoo on the muggers by said yeah, I didn't mention that. It's it's almost like the it's actually extremely similar to the horn in the horns and wings. Yeah, I was going to say this this could be our new logo. How dare you it's perfect already and it is it is two horns and they are in closing just a green square. Which which is I guess the the You know parallel to the purple circle. Yeah, I wonder if that's to do with like the I don't know the how the planets look like. What do we think? There are no reai where I details correct? I mean, you know in tune with nature and stuff the green makes sense. Yeah, but I don't know if there's actually any thought put into this. I'm sure will I'm sure someday will realize like oh shit was right in front of us the whole time. But yeah as you do with Saga, yep. In general, I also think it's cool that Marcos buying some candy called smelly fish. My assumption is it is for goose. Oh that makes a lot of sense to get might actually be smelly fish. Yeah. I love when Goose walks out of the bathroom. You see him doing up his overalls. Yeah, which means that goose just needs to strip the front drop trou all the way when you used to do a little goose poop. Also the sign on the bathroom door. That's like a it's like a circle / - / yeah with the two genders. Yeah, that's how it should be. We should abstract them. So thoroughly that everyone can just be like, oh, yeah, this is all nonsense. Yeah, I care so much about this. But yeah now I'm assuming just vagina and penis those are the but. Yeah more than more than these little details. I think the matically what's really interesting about. This is seeing Marco like kind of come unhinged so easily is very different because we've seen we've seen mad Marco a few times but that's in very dire situation. We can imagine Max mad Mark. Oh my gosh, please. Yeah. Yeah. Can someone do that fan art, please. Um, well like seeing seeing him go mad in a relatively kind of like casual situation. Is like really kind of scary and seeing the I really love what Fiona Staples does with just the background going red when he's in this. Yeah beserker mode and it's always I like that. It's like different shades of like the it's or it alternates between orange and red and gives it a bit of a dynamic feel and there's this really cool thing because if you notice when goose is stepping out of the bathroom, the wall behind him is red. So it kind of Like Fiona Staples, does this stuff all of the time where it's like it's like this could also just be an impressionistic take on the backdrop, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, if you look at behind on page 2 behind the robber there's a strip of the orange and then on the page after that you see it kind of blending and then it kind of just takes over the thing. So you see it abstracting and it's almost like it's blurred and yeah. That's really cool thing. I also just think generally this this scene is one of the most colorful pallets. We've seen Fiona Staples use like it's very bright. The bright greens the blues. It's a really I say this every goddamn time, but it's a really really interesting color palette, which I think that also works perfectly for because that's what a convenient story is. It's everything trying. Yeah interact. Yeah. It's very much an assault to this entity. Yeah. Yeah. And which also I just noticed I love being On page 4 in the background behind Marco there's CAC toe cream and it's like a nose like yeah, it's like an ice cream cone. But the CAC toes cereal brand. It's like it's like it looks like yeah. Yeah, I wonder if that's State my new head. Canon is one second. What's the what is the name of the Digimon Pokémon because I'm glad we figured that. Without the cactus Digimon. That's my new head Canon is that the cactus Digimon is like is like Captain Crunch in in The Saga world. I'm gonna go with who is it Cacturne? Whatever the Pokemon is and we'll keep this war this war of mons going here Cactus Pokémon. Oh, yeah, gen 3 baby catch up. I literally only no gen 1 and the few gen2 that were put into fire red and Leaf, green. Okay. That's that's he while you're at it get Ruby Sapphire for Gameboy Advance. Those are Classics. This is important that we cover this but now that it's established. All right. Yeah, I feel I feel like anything else on this scene or can we move the plot forward fuck drugs? I don't like them anymore. Yeah, and the no killing. No killing very Terminator e But I also I also very in character for Prince robot and I told you that's fucking asinine. Yeah. Yeah good shit. I like their Rapport so far. It makes sense know what do we got for this next scene. This next scene is a short one actually, but we are we're back on Hoth we're in case you forgot. Dango is dango brought a Lana and Clara and Hazel. To this planet and called the revolution who are a dope gang of action figures. And so we pull in we get some Hazel narration that says mom always said that having kids means a rapid expansion of your Social Circle whether you like it or not every day pulls some new some strange new somebody into your family's orbit and you just hope they end up doing more good than bad which will be the case for the revolution, right? Yeah, really gonna help this situation as Hazel saying this we see the evolution Revolution kind of arguing and well not even arguing kind of just like the snake man is telling people what to do and then we cut back on adorable shot of Hazel looking outside from inside the rocket ship tree. So a lana is like freaking out that the last Revolution are here and she says they blew up a daycare and Clara says that they so A lot of says they blew up a daycare on landfall and Clara says they stormed a concert hall on wreath and decapitated every civilian inside. And Dango is saying it's kind of defending them and says, they only use asymmetrical tactics because their opponents are so powerful and he says that he hopes that they can use Hazel against the key to corrupt Empires that help producer and for like the 12th time in Saga. Someone says I'd rather kill Hazel and Lester literally every member of her family. It's like, oh I wanted to take Hazel on a bike ride, but I can't find the helmet. I would rather kill Hazel let her go on a bike ride without a helmet to mediate reaction every time a lot of kind of tries to negotiate but we see as she's trying to talk Tango down and empathize with him. She's got this Shiv behind her and she's trying to reach out and say look I'm a parent. I understand you and trying to get his guard down and for a minute he bowed his head and his TV screen shows a candle and he says I appreciate your concern Alana, but the die has already been cast and then he pulls a gun and says, so let's go meet our guests and we end on some more Hazel narration that says being a parent pretty much ensures that you'll never spend another. Other minute alone. I love the the thing about that candle on the screen is in the next one when he says but the dies are have been casted the candle goes out which is oh yeah. Yeah, I didn't notice that that's so good. I love yeah, that is it's so cool to have this sort of vulnerable moment with Dengue. Yeah, and to show that he's still human or whatever robot. I think it's and we will get this more and later in the issue as well. But I think it's really they do a really good job of showing like that Dango you're going to quickly find out Dango is in over his head a little bit like as soon as Clara and Alana talk about the last Revolution you suddenly like really get this idea that these are very radical terrorists. Yeah, which is I also think really well done Exposition late, like they're clearly exposed. Then here but it feels very in character. It feels very believable. And and in one panel the fact that you have both Alana and Clara condemning them and condemning acts that they did on each respective Planet when you know how kind of diametrically opposed these forces are it teaches you to be really scared of the last Revolution, right? Because you're like if both sides hate them and if they're murdering indiscriminately, this is This is a scary group. Yeah, and also I just want to point out interesting thing. I just noticed something we've talked about before is how the background will just drop out and it'll just be white. Yeah, which I think we get that three different times this issue, which is something we got, you know, it was like three times in all of volume 3 or yeah, that's true. But yeah the first two we got one in the grocery store and it's again, it's those sort of Did shots that like those those wide shots except for one later? So that should be yeah, I'm sure and and this one is a really powerful one because you see it's kind of this wide shot of Alana and Dango talking and Alana saying I'm serious. I understand you Dango. Yeah, which gives it this feeling of it's just them like everything else. Yeah, it's away. Hey fade away. This is a really just a very well acted seen here to everyone. Including Dango, there's a lot of like emotion in their body language and facial expressions. So part of me. It just breaks my heart because the whole thing is a lot of kind trying to get his guard down enough and get them close enough so that she can stab them with that chunk of wood that she broke off the yeah bed the issue prior, but part of me is just like no just be friends. Don't do that. Well, this is it makes sense and it's the absolutely the right thing for her to do but like no this is the thing too is like I think it's cool that you it's hard to tell whether she actually feels this way or she's just trying to like comfort him enough that she can kill him. Yeah, which yeah and also that was the the last thing she'd said in that one scene in the last issue is she's going to act because she's an actor. Yeah. Yeah. This does feel very logical and sincere. It feels like it's coming from a real place. But yeah, I'm sure all this will go well naturally everything. It goes well and so get such a happy story. And if it doesn't I swear to God, I'm going to kill Hazel. I'd rather kill Hazel for everything did not go. Well. It's really losing a lot of its gravity, but he can do it every other. Is she boy? Hey Noah, you know this this this is great. Watch what you're saying or ice cream. But seriously, if you take that tone again with me, I will kill his all right now. Okay, so, you know killing Hazel's great and all but what I want to know is about this getting pissed on by dragons baby. Oh, yeah the good stuff. Yeah. Let's cut back to the dragon. You're in school honey. I'm sure that'll stick. So we get we get let's close to a splash we get we get a very collapsed Art, not a splash though. Not not a splash which you know, as long as I get that Splash a year in baby, I'm all about it. So we cut back to the battle going on amongst all the different dragons and the brand Gwendolyn. So if you lion cat and sweet boy, and they're losing to the dragons Believe It or Not gwendolyn's sort of caught in one of its one's teeth with by her Cape. She's trying to find The gunpowder in the wheels. What is that Satchel belt thing but it's all receipts and condoms in there. And then Sophie has an idea with gwendolyn's translating pendant. Try pairing it with one of the dragons and Gwendolyn says that's absurd they're mindless beasts. And so if he points out that they have brains the size of bathtubs finally the brand points out, so The lady with the talking cat just fucking try it and she begrudgingly does and then Sophia yells everyone be friendly and all the dragon stop and stare at her surprised. She apologizes for for hurting them. They're just trying to help a friend. We don't want to hurt you guys. And the the main Dragon says, okay. How's this for? Voice go. Oh boy. How's dragon voice go like like a like a southern belle on a hot porch. We are not but guys. And Gwendolyn is is dropped and she says I'll be God damned my sisters and we all mares so accurate. I'm glad that you're doing the accent so I don't need and so so if he asks where they can find a boy dragon and the girl Dragon says too bad York and haunt our kind and now all our Bulls are gone. And then lying cat says lying which you can say go ahead and go and do like a voice. I won't hate it and we go back to the dragon. Hey, I'm lying. Here we go. There we go boy too many too many episodes, but you're freaking back this repressed memory. Everyone you go back to the dragons saying yes one bullet left up on Hill don't go but he is very very unkind and they sort of slumped back into the water. So the brand says that her in the will visited demi-monde when they were when they were kids and that he'll don't go as probably Mount Leslie. Why and then commence zuly know it isn't I've seen Steven Universe. It's a Leslie and we commands Sophie other Sophie saying that was Sharps thinking and Gwendolyn again. Just being a dick. This scene says the girl merely performed her page duties as expected. Let's not give her a swelled head and we get Close-up of Sophie kind of like resentfully staring at Gwendolyn, but we realize that it is through a scope like a sniper scope we get the the htn. Yeah welcoming a young person into your life also means letting in an endless parade of new oddballs and then we see a hand on a scope white growth hand that looks Vaguely Familiar. Christian's daycare workers parents have Playmates the list goes on and on we pull out to sea to Arms awkwardly holding the scope as if they're coming from below the waist and we see many red eyes on a pale white face it helps if you're good with names and then we get that hero shot of the of someone of the stalks species take a shot in the dark here. Context Clues on this one, they're holding a sniper and they have a dope sort of Poncho cape and it looks like a male version of the stock with the HTM. Otherwise, you just end up calling everyone Chief or big guy. That's great. So I'm gonna call this guy Chief big guy Keith big guy, but we have a new character. Enter and I get the feeling that they're I don't know if they're related to the stock at all. They're probably not happy. Ye I love I love earlier in this scene when Gwendolyn is dangling from the dragon's mouth. I really love the use of these long panels that they really like get the sense of her like kind of hanging and then it's really cool because you have two of her hanging and then in between the long panel also, Is the sense it's this close up on the brand but like half the panel is Dragon foot. So it conveys the sense of squishing. Yeah, which and then we get the the the alternative to that on the page prior. We get that small sort of squished panel of the brand holding up the foot. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I think it's I think there's a lot of really cool use of panel here even like even like Sophie yelling. Everyone be be friendly horizontally goes to the End of the page it doesn't have a like gutters beside it. So it really like cuts through the middle of the page. Yeah. Also, this is one of my favorite things like this is I I love I love Sophie. I love this the solution to this problem. And again just that very Saga thing of this this solution makes perfect sense, of course, they could talk to fucking dragons and But it still surprises you and it still Delights you the thing is the thing is that Sophie rolled really high on her persuasion check. That's very accurate. But yeah, so Sophie also like shout out to this. It's one of those things that makes me realize as a reader like, oh I'm shitty for not realizing this as an option to because what we're literally in this scene. We see like a cat who could talk and it was said yet and it's just like, of course you can you can do this and shout out to Sophie for being the one even though she's a child being the one person here just even considering a nonviolent solution to this thing and I think it's cool that in a story that's all about like non-violence solutions that we actually see a conflict. Yep completely resolved in a non-violent manner. Yeah through communication, right? Yeah. Love it is this book sticks to its guns. Sophie is so badass to the scene where she's like standing staring down the dragon. Oh, yeah, that's really cool. And I like the sort of it gets I like when things have that sort of like why did it out look as if as if there's missed between them such that's so good at adding scale to a thing. That Yancy through a moisture in the air but even down to the solid black outlines are more great out than the solid black outlines on Sophie. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it feels like it's like a lower transparency. Yeah, I have just because of a book that I've always wanted to do a comic I've always wanted to do I've become obsessed with how to properly do scale in comics and that is Comic about a big thing to do spoilers won't do come about big thing. I love comics about big big fard xand. Exactly. But yeah, no, this is the that's such a cool technique and it never occurred to me how smart it is to do that like sort of Whiting out even the the outlines which feels yeah, you know, that's not a thing that exists in reality, but it's cool to see that applied to it really cool. Well, that's also like one of the advantages of digital painting right like That's something that is you could still do it, but it's exponentially harder to do physically rather than digitally. Yeah. Yeah, because then you have to use a gray instead of a black and you just can't it's well, it's hard to find the right gray. You can just like whereas digitally you can just kind of slide slide around the huge. Uh, yeah. Yeah, which yeah, I wonder I would love to know more about Fiona Staples is Coloring techniques here and I would love to know more about anything about feel Staples and how she's so fucking talented but like yeah, something like that because my assumption is that like, you know, she just has the lizard on the dragon on it two separate scale or a separate layer and just sort of adjust the the yeah, whatever appropriately but for all we know she could also just be doing it by hand because she's smart and cool. Don't put a pastor. Yeah, and also yeah, there's cool Spider Guy. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah Chief big guy teeth big guy. I also think it's really cool to lettering on the on the dragons. This is another we see some more Rarity some some different lettering and different speech bubbles. The Dragon speech bubbles are very thick and their lettering is very kind of like that thick Southern drawl draw an animalistic. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's Which gives it a sets of like they're just yelling which I really like. Yeah, but yeah, it's very it's very scratchy and it really demonstrates like they don't talk often. Also. Gwendolyn's whole outfit is just like tinted yellow now, which is really gross. No, I noticed that like in the the one panel where she's using the pendant. I was like wait, why is there like an off-white has not always been the case and I was like, oh no, that's real my Kink. Yeah. We did another one know it let's do I go next scene. Yeah. Yeah. This is another another quick one for me. Damn it. So we cut to space where we see the dragon skull ship from behind and then we see Barco kind of moping and and Yuma says cheer up beard of Sorrow. We're going to get your family back. And Marco says that he doesn't Hair about he doesn't care about rejoining his family. He just wants his family to be safe. And he says I'm sick Yuma no matter how hard I try to quit. I'm obviously addicted to the very thing I've taken an oath against and human says you mean violence and and Marco says it's not just beating up the mugger. He also lashed out at Alana physically and he says it was horrific. Oil, he says if I can't be trusted around the love of my life. Why should I be allowed near Hazel again? Whatever inside of is inside of me is and Yuma is turned and staring to the distance and says like the ink from some ancient sea creature. It's so perfectly black out there. You can almost taste it and then Marco rages and says are you high and Yuma kind of cowers and says that she got the drugs from the Thief you stopped and Marco says why would a veteran be carrying fade away too much you miss says you're probably the only veteran not using Fade Away Marco kind of accuses Yuma of pushing the drugs on Alana and Yuma says she slept at them with open arms. And Marco says, what is it that she wanted to feel so badly? You must says peace and Marco kind of like turns and does the the rub of the back of the neck and that's that's our little scene here, man. It it hurts. It hurts. It hurts to every hurts Marco like sort of Fallen this far it really does feel like he says addicted it really does feel like seeing someone who's you know off the wagon, he feels completely lost. Yeah the same and he's gotten so bad at controlling himself like he snapping on Even you know because before it was self-defense, but now he's just yelling at her for being high which she's allowed to be also like yeah, but I feel like though also, she is allowed to be but I feel like it's also like the family was just broken up and part of the reason for that was drugs. So I think he's primed to be particularly angry at them. Yeah, but also part of the reason was violence and well, I think it's very A few weeks ago actually re-watched Trainspotting and watch Trainspotting to for the first time and I think it's an interesting thing in this conversation. One of the characters in Trainspotting begbie is like is addicted to violence and they a lot of Trainspotting is showing how the addiction to violence can be just as harmful. If not more harmful than than the rest of the crew who are addicted to heroin, which is a really interesting. Interesting perspective because I think when we talk about addiction we talk about addiction to substances, but really A lot of the time I think would what people are addicted to is more more feelings and substances can give them that feeling but violence can too and I think in the case of in the case of violence, it's definitely a feeling of power. Yeah, right? Yeah, which yeah, and that's something that I actually I've been thinking about a lot Lately in terms of I mean as sort of Proto version of that an addiction to anger and just catching myself doing stuff. Like if I see a tweet online that is a controversial like opinion that I agree with. My immediate reaction will be click on it scroll down past all of the dozens of comments that are in support of it and find like the three assholes. Whoo. Yeah. Whoo, I know exist in these in these responses that disagree with it and it's just like why am I doing this? Why do I why do I seek out anger like or if I see something? I don't like finding a negative review of it and being like yeah, this person also doesn't like this thing and I enjoy being it's that whole last Jedi thing like and then and then having like having a having an internal conversation with yourself like how you would dunk on this person. Yeah. Yeah, it's very interesting which you know, yeah all that talk of addiction to violence and heroin all that yet makes me very excited for next issue. There's our teaser for the week. Yeah. Yeah the but yeah, I think I think this is a small scene but I think it's a really really important. Yeah character scene for Marco and I think it's I think from a narrative standpoint. It really displays a lot of what Yuma is there for over the past few years? Issues where Yuma is kind of this outside force that that allows our characters to kind of talk over there trout troubles and grow and she is she is this character that kind of she was it for a lana before and is it for Marco now is is this plot device that's used to explore our main characters more which is really interesting from a story perspective. Totally. Yeah. She she very much justifies her existence. This Arc. I will say yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but that's one hint hint. That's a spoiler taught that I never said that five star reviews. Older is you fool. I would rather I would rather kill. Hey there's that a dick. Violence again. All right, let's roll into this next scene. Well, we're yep. So we are back. We are back on Hoth which as far as I'm concerned as no other name, and we finally get the meeting between Cobra guy who we find out is named Queen captain of the fourth cell and he's in there with big ears make Bandelier. And and lady from Flotsam with the witch Lady Fish lady with the big sword and so pretty much how every fan fiction I've written starts out. And so Cobra guy Cobra Kai is he's very impressed with Dango. He's pleased to meet him Alana and Clara started. Art sort of back talking and Cobra guy immediately. Shuts him down. He says sleep his eyes glow yellow and the sleep is in yellow and it just it's orange the eye can see. I mean his eyes are for sure yellow. The the sleep is sort of a golden rod. It's orange. You're looking at that reprinting bullshit. I got the original single issue here Noah. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm going to prove to you that this is orange but keep going. Oh with photoshop's really good pinpointing of what colors are so yeah, they get knocked out by this him just saying sleep in his eyes growing yellow and big ears make bandolier checks Baby Hazel and says the horns are legit. Sorry the feathers and he can't believe it. But the Bratz the real deal, so The Cobra guy is talking plans Wayne Queen Cobra Kai coins talking plans with Dango until fish lady points out. Oh and her name is Julep points out that the the crying robot baby. It's got the colored screen and she points out that that's that's the princeling. And so this must be the guy who assassinated Princess Robot. And the Cobra guy says Dango, is that really the case and then go starts to sort of timidly explain himself saying this is only supposed to be about the hybrid girl and is interrupted by Queen hugging Dango saying come here you magnificent bastard you struck a blow to the heart of the most wretched monarchy in the long history of wretched monarchies. They says brother you and I are going to do wonderful things and And the voiceover explains as he as Dango looks down at unconscious Alana. He's realizing that Alana was correct. And that maybe he can't trust these people which is very interesting because this is like the first sign of kinship that he's getting but he the voiceover says how could he have forgotten? Everything he learned as a father which fucking hits hard and yeah, that's that scene. I sent you a picture. I want you to look at your phone my phone what color would you describe that as yellow get to know ya the first of all, I think it's cool that we're seeing more colored voices the the the This one diversity is Magic. Yeah, this is and I think I think it's really neat to when he says sleep. The lettering on Clara is like is really cool. It kind of starts big and then Fades into a little speech bubble and it like showed the path of their falling to yeah get that. They're falling. Yeah, you know, it's just I'm respond to see it. It seems like a new kind of spoken magic, which is really fucking cool. Yeah in alternative to Blue language, which We can all agree is yellow language the world continues to get bigger? Yes. I think I think this is a thing that Saga is very good at doing is growing the world on and on but still like like the fact that Julep exists and is of the same species as up sure and off but probably has no relation to them whatsoever makes the world Feel Complete and big in the fact that we keep seeing we keep seeing new species, but Then we see these species again. And again, I just realize fucking big years bandolier is isn't Isabel. Oh my God. He totally is he's an Isabel race, but it's hard to tell because he has human skin. That's very true. See I thought he was I thought he was Ferengi. Yeah, that's well, that's chronically, but yeah, they're all so it took me. Two or three readings to notice it cover it cover guy Queen is got a little T-Rex arms. Underneath is normal arms. Oh my God you guys which I love when he hung these little little little T-Rex arms and I love it. I think I really like the Wake Wayne talks, like he just like he just feels like a radical revolutionary in the way that he talks and you really get the you really get this this sense of kind of Like seriousness and gravitas to him. Yeah in I absolutely love I absolutely love that. It is a moment of feigned sincerity or all or in a way sincerity, but not in the way that he's trying to act like it is the moment when he hugs Dango and says good job and we're on the same side. That's when Dango starts. Yes, doubting Heaven stress seeing through this and that is That is such a smart way to do that and I cannot think of another instance of me, you know, seeing something like that, but it feels so real of like seeing through someone it like any other writer in the world myself included would be like oh and this is where they slip up a bit and kind of reveal their true intentions. Yeah, it's him. Just trying to be sincere that gives himself. Yeah. It's basically him confirming all of the doubts that Dango ha had in his head, right? Yeah. Yeah. I love that. That's so cool. I love the panel to wear. Dango is saying I only wanted this meeting to concern the hybrid girl not my actions on like Queen looks so imposing as he's kind of slithering forward. And Dango is like cowering back and the the angle of the shot looks it's like this really kind of like terrifying looks like Queen might like pants on him, right? Yeah, and I also love that. He's like His hug is also him rapping him with his tail too. Yeah make like yeah, but just to just to come back to the thing. We set up the the hug is the third panel in this that has just an all white background which the and it's a medium shot and the only other time we've seen that with an all white background is when Gwendolyn punched will for that's kissing true. So it which both of them have it it adds a lot to the impact of it and the surprise of it. I find this the panel after that immediately after that where he says you struck a blow to the heart of the most wretched moniker monarchy in the long history of wretched monarchies. There's something very creepy about. Yeah, but like it's it's a close-up on his mouth with the hood behind it like almost as if he's Whispering into dangos here. It's really really unnerving. It gives me the heaps. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's really effective which in that that is, you know, that I think is integral for us being on the same page when it's points out that Tango is not trusting yeah yeah because don't whisper in people's ears it's fucking weird can we bring this home let's bring it home all right so transitional Hazel narration how could he have referring to Dango here how could he have forgotten everything you learned as a father why hadn't he been more careful about allowing strangers into his home hmm and then the second part of that is on Prince robot in his black uniform stepping into a house baby blue and it seems to be the coastal house the cabin before yeah there's there's like a little sailing ship and we see waiting for him is Princess Robot dressed up in sexy lingerie looking fine as hell who says welcome back Soldier Boy and say Don't be frightened. Love the doctors fixed me just like they fixed you now shut up and get what you've got coming. And this is actually this is actually a active fellatio that I was not able to include in the Lao cui rewards. I did think of this one because I don't even know the logistics of it. Tell me what but Princess Robot starts to go down on Prince robot, and then we see from his perspective. Him looking down on her. She says tell me when you're close and her screen is shattered and smoking and she is a bleeding blue blood which is fucking terrifying and then we cut to Prince robot lying in a bed with that image on his screen, which is a very jarring image and then we wake up and we realize that he's been sleeping with goose snoring. Oh, yeah, and there's there's your confirmation. He's got the stinky boring with any fish. Empty bag of smelly fish. Yeah, what are they feeding? You smelly fish and and he's in like just a t-shirt your boxers and he kind of he hangs his head for a minute and then stands up walks down the hallway and we see his face saying fucker. Hmm, and then which also makes me think that he might have a British accent you think um, and then we cut we get the Reverse shot of this is our ending Splash. It is Marco lying with a bunch of a bunch of rapper from fade away. His eyes are red. He's foaming at the mouth. He is clearly conked the fuck out on the floor and Prince robot says bugger fucking all which I should point out. It also looks like he's smiling at least from this a yes. Yeah. Yeah, but in but not like It looks like a manic smile not necessarily like a euphoric spile. Yeah. Yeah. No this looks like he got Joker gassed. Yeah. Yeah that is exactly what it looks like. And and I absolutely love this the I'm sure I've mentioned it multiple times before on this podcast. But anything that you don't know is set up that ends up being set up and I love how the last we saw Marco it. It was him saying what is it that she wanted to feel so badly and you must saying peace and then we get that shot of him where you you assume it's him considering like oh, maybe I should forgive my wife. Yeah for using this drug because it makes sense for her but it's actually him considering using it himself. Yeah, and it's it makes so much sense, but it's still such a shocking Splash at the whole the whole lighting of this scene 2 is it's so off its this Eerie green light as he's waking up and it's very this is this is one of the scenes where when you look at the page on both sides. It is intentionally jarring almost in like a almost an inverted way. We're like the the light turquoise blue feels related to the green right? But the green is the light turquoise blue is this warm beautiful kind of welcoming calm place and the green is this sickly scary. Vibe right. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just laughing thinking about how the fuck up lip job with the TV whenever I'm gonna I'm gonna spoil I'm gonna spoil this that is our question of the week. I'm literally just make sure you like dick sliding against the TV screen and it's so fucking funny like just like begging again. Yeah, like it's not even because I think the Assumption here is like, oh there's something like like just suspension of disbelief. She's giving him a Job, but I refuse I refuse to suspend and I and I might sumption is that it's just a dick poking a TV screen. Is that why there's a hole in it? That's it. He got a wreck too fast. Jesus Christ. I love this. I think I think I think it's cool that this is a quick jump a very drastic jump, but I think um We're getting more inspections into Prince robots trauma and we're starting to understand him as a character that like like when you look at it between like he clearly has PTSD from the war and then he comes back. His wife has a child. His child is immediately kidnapped and his wife is killed while he was recovering from a traumatic injury and and then kind of like fell into a spiral of addiction. It's like this. This character has been through some shit. And I think I think that Brian Cave on really is quick to remind you that that this is a character dealing with intense trauma. I mean, I would argue that this is one of the most psychologically revealing issues for a lot of characters that we've seen yet like between the enemy had to being the operative term. Yeah again teaser for next next issue, but like the fact that we get that look into Prince robot and that that look into I mean Marco for sure and even Yuma's reasoning for a lot of this stuff and especially Dango. Yeah, and seeing sort of this more human side and this more rational side of Dango and also Sophie and seeing her problem solving. That's true. We this is this has been a very character ability issue. yes character heavy issue which is also good ability it's also done it with with a decent amount of action and Intrigue and a pretty good Pace to yeah yeah no this is a witch like in my notes my notes aren't very extensive for this one just because it's one of those ones where it's like it's continuing a lot of the scenes from earlier issues so I felt like there's not as much to talk about but in that sense because as we don't have to establish a ton of new stuff it really just gives us a chance to dive into the characters here which I love and it's a good one yeah Noah another great issue any any last thoughts on the scene on the issue as a whole hold on you're talking to me like I'm Hazel here you have to murder me no I am very excited to see where this goes and it makes a lot of sense yep yeah I think I think this is a great issue and we're we're in the thick of things now we last issue was the start of the Ark now we kind of have some hints as to where the ark might be going yes favorite moment oh oh there there is no contest here on the second last page goose sleeping with his smelly fish laid on him snoring just everything about we can cut the bottom half with the sad robot on the solemn simulacrum that's magic joke if you guys get that on the bottom half of this and and just like a little goose and his little Goose PJ's with the crumbs of the smelly fish mouth just looks like a like a big dog smile I love Yeah, yeah that is that is the energy that I want to bring into my sleep life of it. I'm going with I'm going with the everyone be friendly moment from from Sophie. That's pretty it is it's again in terms of just juggling different tones and stuff. It's it's such a satisfying resolution to this the situation and and I love I love empathy. It's good stuff song got a song for us. Um, I don't right now. I will think of one because I don't prepare but you prepare I'm going with I'm going with a song because it seems to be where we're heading. I'm going with the song Dragon's Lair by Sunset rubdown with my favorite bands of all time. It's a classic. It's a good in and I'm excited to have it on the on the playlist. I'm gonna actually know I need to save this because this one is actually even better for something else. Let's say I don't know. I don't really I don't have a song. Let's see. What's the cover of Oak for you? What about what the blue of the cover certainly evokes some song? I'm blue, no papa. No. No, we can't do that again. Oh, we can't know we know we think that we paid it already and if you try to add that to the fucking playlist, I swear to God, I'm gonna kill this little kid. Just whatever it does. He Wanna Be Hazel just whatever one's close by actually, here's here's my song because the the stopping at the gas station and filling up and kind of traveling through space and let's do space truck in by Deep Purple a nice. I like that a lot. All right and The only the only song that is better than space Trucking is this theme song? Hey you have at what's that? What was our question? What do we say was the question? What are the mechanics of robot fellatio? In addition to that an addendum is really affects the yellow or orange. Nope. It's orange. You're right. But his eyes are yellow and that's what threw me off was the juxtaposition. I'm not good enough to admit when I'm wrong. It only takes me 40 minutes. So I'm going to add to that to the what are the mechanics of the robot fellatio, which character talking about the psyche diving into the A key this issue. Which character do you feel? You understand most thoroughly so far which you know, we get some again another another teaser for next issue. We get some some nice insight into goose in a I'm so stoked that goose is like an active member of the pot Goose goose necks issues is some Peak Goose. I love it. But yeah, which character do you feel? You understand most thoroughly? What are the annex of the robot fellatio as always answer the we will have a pin tweet at horns and wings on Twitter and we will have the pinned top comment on the YouTube version and we'll have links to both of those somewhere on horns and wings.com which we've been updating and that you can now download the the podcast on the website, which is cool. It's a very liberal use of the word. We there uh-huh the king robot Royal we They're Noah where can people find you can find me on Twitter. You can find me on Instagram. You can find me on YouTube watch polyphonic wins this dropping the today for the listener, but for us about a week and a half but a week and a half. Yep. All right, well either I will or no. Yeah shortly around this time. I've got a system. Of a Down video Drop. Okay, watch it. It's gonna be fun. You know, it's fuck. So it's not on Spotify so I can add it. I was gonna say the System of a Down Elton John mashup, but go just check that out in your free time. It's fantastic. You're going to use your plugged in. It's a shout-out Nilsa see are gonna check out something that's better than everything I've ever made and it's the the mash-up of Crocodile Rock and whatever. This is about Saugus. Absolutely Chop Suey. Thank you. It's good shit. hey thank you to Fiona Staples brand cave on photographic Image Comics for making the best dragon piss and comic in the universe and as always Noah you'll never guess what I'm doing right now are you shitting bye I hope you're not because I haven't heard any movement. And this has been an hour-long podcast. You've heard of movement. All right, okay.