Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum.Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update for you guys. As you know, this is a career talk learn grow Thrive podcast where we talk about all things career-related I get to the point. I'm your host Stephanie Dennis. My background is in a jar. Also what I have a master's degree in and I'm very passionate about helping. Sharing my knowledge and doing that so others can make positive changes in their lives. So here we are my podcast does contain adult language quick update. All right getting right into it wasted no time here. All right. Number one e-comm store is so head over to Career talk swag SWA g.com to check out the store. There are super fun things on their related to the podcast so their coffee mugs. There are notebooks. Hoodies t-shirts hats all sorts of fun stuff with the learn grow Thrive tagline on them. So if you want to support the show you can do so there. I don't put anything directly about the podcast on any of the products because I don't want you guys to feel like it's like a walking advertisement for the podcast. But if someone asked definitely feel free to send them my way so they can listen And Then There are some other just super fun designs on there. There are some super sassy designs on there which you know should surprise. None of you who have been here for a minute if you are new, you know welcome. This door am I determine whether or not you even want to continuously? I don't know and for everyone listening you guys can always use the promo code career talk pod 1/5 to get 15% off your entire order. I love that. We have such an engaging awesome listenership that tunes into the show and reaches out so that code will forever be up. So anyone who listens to the podcast Career Tech podcast 15 to get 15% off your entire order. So take advantage head over check it out. Let me know your thoughts. Feel free to reach out have any questions or if you just want to say hello and number two the whole reason why I started stuff update series my job search. So I did end up getting a role. I say this is probably going to be put out on Saturday or Sunday after this will probably be pick out the Saturday or Sunday after my first day. So I have worked a full week Monday through Friday at the new role. So if they wanted to share that update because we've been talking about my journey for a minute. I definitely took my time. I was very slow and methodical about my process. I made sure I was applying to companies that I was actually interested in and it was really one of those things where it's like this crazy thing out of the blue happened my contract ended early and while that was a big bummer for me because I was so passionate about the organization. I was supporting I took some time as like, you know, what I haven't had time off like a good Long amount of time off I should say longer than like a week or two, right literally since I started working which was 16 years old like as soon as I got my driver's license, I'm like I buy my mom after work I go. I've just always had that drive and that desire to work. So I mean technically if we went babysitting and all that way before then, you know what I mean? So I really took that time to enjoy the time off and if it was genuinely up to me and I wasn't so stoked about the Me I'm working for now. I probably would have slowed down my search a little bit and taking another like three to four weeks off. But definitely when the right opportunity, you know presents itself and it's a great fit for you take advantage of it, right because you know, perfect I don't want to say perfect. Nothing is perfect dream opportunities do not come along every single day. Right? So I feel like if you have like a really great opportunity and you're in the process of taking some extended time off before enjoy. Purposes right like not like a particular like a reason and definitely don't feel the pressure to accept anything too soon. But I also don't feel like it's like, okay. Well, I'm gonna purposely take six months off to just you know, do whatever it is you've always wanted to do but if it ends up being five and it's like a dream opportunity for you. Don't feel like you shorted yourself in any way shape or form because timing is everything especially with great opportunities. So a couple of huge takeaways for me with my search is definitely networking was the reason I ended up getting this role. So, So I know it's super easy to do online applications and unfortunately in the world we live in its just not really effective as I'm sure everyone listening is like nodding their heads like a hot job. I've done like a bajillion of them and hardly no response. I'll say it's probably not because of your resume. It could be it could have a crap resume. I'm not gonna lie, but there's also like a ton of different factors size of a company. How on it the recruiter is how lazy they are. You know, what sort of disqualifying questions You have as part of the application. It's a lot of people think your thing goes off to resume land and no one ever looks at it. Not the case. Actually unless you fill out a qualifying question and do not meet the requirements. Even if you submit like an easy apply through like indeed right just like it's supposed to be super quick. You send your resume your contact information. That's it oftentimes. You will still have those questions, right how many years of experience do you have an X whatever and more often than not those are qualifying you in or out of the process. So if they absolutely need someone Ooh senior and they need someone to 10 plus years and you only have three that is a probably a situation where no one is even going to look at your resume because you're automatically dq'd. However, if you meet all those requirements when you answer those questions, then it goes into the visibility of a recruiter or the possibility of visibility of a recruiter, right? Anyway, I'll get off my 80s so paksa but also like follow-up, right so networking follow up this particular opportunity. It was a slow roll process for sure. So my Hundred percent did I posted on LinkedIn asked to my network? If anyone knew anything one of my friends are used to work with that a different organization was like Hey step. I'm going to introduce you to so and so he works with some really amazing organizations. And this is on the Contracting side, by the way, so we talked pretty early on but if you guys recall my contract ended pretty much right before the holidays, which is not only the slowest hiring time of the year. It's also an everything you usually for Reese's so a lot of companies. Any is as they are ending the year. They're also planning for the next year. So while they're in the middle of that planning because they don't want to hire someone who won't be part of next year's plan often times not always but often times the last two to four weeks of the Year thing is usually freeze. It's very common. I can't think of an organization that actually didn't do that. So if you are interviewing at the end of the year and you feel like it is painfully slow. It is probably slow. Old for a reason in which the companies usually don't tell the candidates while I'm just being honest, so it was an original post but it was also a referral get a conversation and then follow up. I took all of the holidays and then sometime even after just to like chill enjoy life. Do what I want to do. I remember sending a note was probably like middle of January kind of diving back into the search. Wanted to see if you have anything new on your radar and then he let me know like hey not right now. Now however, like let's connect in like a week or two. Right? So like I proactively ask my network. I networked with friends. I followed up my biggest takeaway is taking all of those steps into your own hands. I would love to think that all of the steps that have happened throughout my process still would have landed me to where I am now had I not taken more of that initiative. I just don't know that that's true. So you have to make sure that you're doing what you need to do not in an overbearing way because there are Tonight the candidates I've worked with where it's like too much right? So you guys know that balance right be professional be curious as someone's time. So on and so forth, but that's my update. I feel like I ramble too much. So I thought this is going to be quick. I'm sorry feels like it's less than that. But if you guys have any questions, you know, you guys know you can reach out to me if there are particular topics. You want me to cover definitely just let me know as a heads up. I typically plan the episodes anywhere from like four to eight weeks in advance. So if you do have a topic reach out to me sooner Rather than later because it's not going to be an immediate turn around check out the store career talk swag.com use the coupon code career talk pod 15 to save yourself some money. If you want to reach out to me socials Facebook Instagram Tick Tock stuffed in this 13 career track podcast on Instagram as well. As always. Thank you for listening supporting the show sharing you with your friends being here and just showing up for yourself, and I hope you have a wonderful fun exciting rest of your day.