Wella more say yeahYou got to know how I died. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Oh my God, this is Mo re 91.9 Busta Mor. - Ricky baby snap all the shadow behind thick Co-op throw on a sunny bright and beautiful Monday morning, by the way. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning another day. I'm alive with me saying you on Eunice. Me and you gotta soggy new hung Mama dress. He last acarbose. Oh, Sean Brenneman a mom with a bow gamma heel has no Garb or so bad. And it's the first Monday Sabula and some Arch mommy. Am I your Foxhole? It's a bullet from our society by the way, Casa Manana reading anyone being like a feeling. I'll Mega I'm chubby sexy beautiful Moira dilatory and mor Maria filling Arrow a marketing video marketing. Hey, On a nigga turn to close friend of bitches on my dick. Give me one minute. I'm Holly Holly and he'll ask in brother. Bernie be don't breathe on its way. It's length and unlike that someone. Have you lay you come to learn Allah. Miyan get some of your buddies. Yes. Akane ninh. I'm be nihilo guy. Ge60. My name is Rico Suave. I don't Manning me Uncle Sidney blanket, OMG Rico. I'm be beating buying baby in a sentiments upon Pharaoh. I opened a baby, right? Good morning. Good morning, Ray. Good morning. Everybody. Good morning till Monday. What do we agree by? It's a Monday energy. I don't want to tell you. I don't want a long weekend my God. Let me Joe cada that don't wanna I don't be lazy. Why not? Good morning sipping on Monica palette. Okay come. Oh, sorry. Sorry. I want to thank my mom and my brother Birds director gikas ones are one group or stamina. Tricarbonyl a koala. Good morning. Let me be an infinity sign between an epoxy. Oh, yeah. I love you. Sour fish. Wow. Good morning. We all know mine. Good morning some more secret that guards the I'm gonna call imouto-sama Greeley Buddha shakyamuni. What's it now? Go sign the old Huggle. Morning, some on Elite get the muttering yelling alarm clock me. Well anything old appealing on a tibanna alarm clock nestlings alarm clock. Hello. Bob Mollica, Danny mode a woman in a child's room. LeBlanc Galilee go down a foot brush. Don't be commenting that they can give me a good morning sipping on manga Mahon Naidu kkc rmally go. I'm doing another lucky 2 minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes. Hey, Doodle you guys are doing a whole internal AA key delete romilly go. The only one molecule becomes a newspaper and eagerly upon opening cell phones here. I'm gonna knocking hmm. Probably about 30 minutes ago was the Ghanaian Bo Bo Diddley solo. Let us end this opening. Wow, are you under the morning so that time period or a flag racing car on covid member Simona Hollywood telenovela D flag racing car. The environment of burning our leg. Hey, good morning leopard gozaimasu. In the reactor only Vanessa manga or and nothing elegant young Carney Auguste enabling Mahal valve. Mala Mala Mala Mala, Mala Mala Getting all the time. So United of the Philippine Sea architect Mike, I'm whopping Architects am and I've got to do something again and whole book man more than I back home can and India, but he's my son Tony knew someone the gig. Kevin and Balan Heaven, I almost died because of the lock it down and it's just meet me puncturing your tongue against a Toyota 7. My thinking in agony my longing to get that money. Thanks big guy. Oh my godula Agua Dulce mismo Neil catechism a cupboard Court shut up. He targeted civilian and let me chicken meat Rick's boss Lugar Emilio What is low a symmetric serkan good morning with a bone deep, you know anything you're gonna go 150. My fingers my fingers. Enjoy my weekend. Wow. This is now we realize me and Billy Ray. Keep up your day. I know you. and the door the Lehman expire the combined area crying among of handsome pose. He named the game. Oh good run screams in pain is rather. They did to me the grand opening of the warehouse grab because bulletin and he got on the Dukes were told that in Daybreak band originated the grabby by legal and Technical Talent first. Thank you for going to me McGee confined by hi Mala. Keep going to be done. and I'm gonna keep my friend on my bundle again something abundant at it according to observations commercial music: He come in on the organizing a go-bag. You don't host even so Anna so but so far, I'm not gonna even know Bunda. We're gonna years ago more of a playlist massively more and more and I mean Morgan and Pablito Bono same percentage. Can I meet you? You know what? I mean leaders among how supposed to be around when I'm saying this because putana okay, so I'm gonna tell Donna Karan mean bun-bun Ian and Premier named Gina Canterbury audience. England Kariba in unity plugin, you have to read you're really putting a Dailymotion account playlist regardless moment are going to want a and Goodman from internet content and the dogs are walking is abominable announce about going to say grandpa Billy knee. I don't know. It can go online sake and what stories stories Adam and 124 hours, but then he can take it away. It's a boil until we see Tagalog. And so Daniel Bateman a queen songs, you know women rap scrub O'Banion. It's my life. No, brother. All exhaustion McDonald we won't bring it up. Leave me You lyrics by and screen and straight three hours because Allah lyrics I simply make it somewhat that was an upward. Somehow book All This Time Uncle Ian - Mm-hmm. When you make a promise, you can't I have to talk to the audience about delegate more alimony. Come could become story and just take it from me. I mean muguet homage Urban learn to talk and I must have more is a talking to someone I'm confidence about hmm. I grabby grabby. In fairness Sport and Herbal Remedies, yeah angry goes on a new song Zealand in a reggae version yellow. So at these characters Alana get you laid. Some other time. Okay. Bye hopefully gonna career yes. Mr. Chairman. Okay Marley boyfriend. and I want to raise our heads down by Allah or bogna talent, but in finish what I don't know began work on a joy and an invented name and I didn't remember but I got an A on my name like Sokka be nice. College batch for you guys major open and our corporate events. Nothing holding me Meghan. What number Tango break? Lean on a divorce him really 7:46 similar story about this about and vocalist and I've been left there for today. I rated SPG strict import new by Agra Bynum. Gulong, Uncle Yang, Maha rename a sealant Emma languaje Garrison sexual horror or Drogo nahin, Deon Cole, Summer, Ibaka. d 1780 listening and a relationship first fruit listening to you can share your wheels. Yeah, and I am I getting Jace had it written economies nailing all know this sounds impossible. My I love anybody everything Anna Rico Swami. Brother Bernie and baby right in a sense is happening in Barrow in a second. Even post he boomed from one of Em are you talking to Nene has a policy Irene Ali Ali Khamenei. It's all gonna happen is appalling Irene. Okay. I'm more looking out at anime Manga and Anime. Problem Mo. I know I come William. I ain't got it all going up to see boyfriend one. Let boyfriend one equals to Danielle. And let boyfriend to equals Edmund problem solving Mo. I see Danielle and first boyfriend and he said Monte Cristo High School one of them up. Good luck my girl. Mr. Ramiro have been ugly only no lahontan on upon your booth number goes up onto the in love you go Sidora pretty bana Lo one of them are the universal Googling on Summers up Manila. I didn't like so good and I can't good man. Okay team. Oh my God Le not all not all. Wow, Makita late, but you gotta you know, it could be sick. Wow, this is your mom orange a little schedule. Don't become someone. Go hike Gunda. I don't give me one. My let's go on Isa cinnamon sticks to work on enjoying it does alive only Adobe on same important conversation Kahuna put their name. Danielle they're also hey Sequel and I'm sorry. Salama I'm looking at home battery Kaboom. Nice. Grab - huh. Did you bring some sweet sweet? It means I misheard me on about when I'm also ruled on your pocket Akita trauma video call Anna speaking of grunt ability post. Really no secret. Oh my God, Salman of the show on channel one team until 1999 Arabic on a gulet someone my topic for us. Of course, it don't let me I'm normally don't see I own a lonely and it's illegal. cited Google Chrome Now Saturday will be at their last Nikita focus and Iggy. Come on Simone best friend got upon PC naught we must keep our team on my paper works. Huh dogs. I like sad EG Samantha, huh? good spiders I think one Good Billy Parisi dong-won Chanel has the bunting a locket, but they my literary agent spider. So if you know you're not going on. You know, he's gonna love someone. To do some submission good game anymore. Of course. No one I know. Going mobile phone to your head the planet overnight the first time not only bottom overnight. Do you like it? Oui oui oui. So you are you not lie. Sakina Sakina LaSalle but mess up gum. Come on, Woody come with owning a Lancome makes it possible. I am Allah cannot be a problem. Wow that well. I guess I could go naked girl. I can someone gets a lot to her. Nothing among you do. Huh? Whoa, isn't it anymore Billy on para at least a barnacle Billy's out even say good-bye Lockhart. Happy guy. no not a good nap oh no no no no no no not anymore no money no naughty before the day ends Amelie Kissa impulse I'm in the Quran support time. Huh first and day I received overnight for sure diaper stepping out to do anything basically pulling a time limit Lancome. Mobile see sort of what he can or apology please, huh? I literally love painting the nose. Stretching that stretching its out. Nobody's home means a pass, huh? Let me some of that. And I'm going to hang a major Daily Independent Society must in the top view B and then from Sabah somebody invited hobby like we have been filmed only time. Sure. Mmm red dress side less about Well, he signed you're going to come back lest someone a Mountainside Lesnar would side Mequon you can and revealing ensure. Mmm. Oh my God, come on good. Love you, baby. So one of the I'm gonna hang back we Molly Patterson. who's Damon in the sugar mmm that's in the ghee today Today doing the corn enough women blame for what happened. First I did it I did it. I mean the birthday parties on go on. Vitamin D. Co V DD first time first time the kokoro. No. Naka, Taco. Oh, yes. I'll be willing normal morning. Excellent change. Crossing the Judgment acetic acid. So let's get that now, huh? Let me do it enough good-looking a slight Japanese style. I know, honey. Nobby I don't get what that Nemo. Dragony Tony. What do they mean? It'll be the biggest guy opening prayer, but babe typically Mota. huh is everything all right do you think he should have maybe beeps hello Sally could belong huh delete babe oh no Put a problem housing problem my girl. You don't want Solano want any less L am going to do it come and I'm gonna be emotional and get down gun dog. Walker. No, but you could subdue her anymore. I am gonna wow the wagon along: emergency emergency. Huh lanique why emergency shoes Dana Marie biologically the middleman. I bought a book. Must love. Give me more. Mmm, oh, no be volunteering from somebody new Holocaust but the technolon covid good Kabbalah. These are in a little under 3 beta. babe Calum oh God gonna give me go Logano Logano that is a name of a suit by an ACO and very sadly aside. Listen this little Peak ass, bro. Sorry. so sorry what animal is so cool I'm gonna let me get close game we got somebody gave me last two months and it don't last time as long and as a black eye Actually big deal of time thinking about my guitar at least part of my lucky gonna Ghostbuster. Actually got to go. Give me what happened. I'm just oh come on Billy someone can someone give me that water I'm gonna move on So don't be mad at us anymore. Okay, I got one goal when I get will get billions am but no one took off. diva was that labdanum oh you mean it belongs Mo Aimbot Maximo billion billion billion some of you seem like it's so very awkward like it's like aw key so the lobbying situation will be livable I think he will on the book know what happened Girl In fairness my God, Lindy. What are the Portuguese: please don't do something online button. Oh my God. this is a mawar 91.9 but Mor 850 900 once again Lunes Lunes I hope not too little or any part you want Restless eager bottom that's a marble attacked on Chef Marino's filling our subpoena have feelings Heelys King Burnaby good met on board and I'll swab into buying and I'm swabbing of mine Peter he look a chirico swapping you it funny fun Alice I'll have to unload their Sanders aguma get the Miss Irene simply the number blame - I'm going down no money or tager seen on people in Baja no the world Mona Mona guava is a thinker like I'd walk a Lackey now monkey cargo for me most about Morgan experience early right I seem appealing song ending 1 plus 1 equals 0 well a perfect natal male perfect home home lagina are you folks are and casings iPhone consumption among cell phone so what are you come out on a burger also makes a plea only some Anonymous nice you someone and to be honest the pain they're gonna say more Yong Yong she married beneath the can you giggle gasps wow the pain May the best man we can say we can say no Gina about dying in say Wheeling a murder what on your personal consumption Well, I know Meghan Abba some Mook. Sorry. Sorry, what's up? A categorize example Billy. Well chambray Leyland mini Martha. Oh, wow. No Dependable could say Mongoose to get the buy now button. Happy girl. You think I'm gonna pick my partner? Well think of the longer cases a long Doha makapuu hits in a long-term relationship. And now if ever gonna let me go. appearance a dependency gonna come physical appearance but we shall burn Agony will about getting a sense a few more kind of high look nice and so Gilmore the paper like what let me get peeling a song I've been emotional then later on I realized no quality mobile bad decisions wrong choice choice when I come on what do you call my helmet and my story since college and the Consulate in a big brother bring MOBA yeah Daddy gonna mention gopalan no daughter Maggie morbo a la no no no no no I thought having a muffin tin Lord. Okay, you block my phone number. I'm good. Like the sticks were miserable being a glancing blow. Knocking about my eyeliner actually cut the wow, and I need a ghost. It's a trap. It's a trap. Are you a good morning? And a problem is Burnham across crystalline promise me about me so / / - shit I seen Prime. He's kind of legal masako. bulla bulla gonna grab peekaboo La Boda Borg smorgy Borg Ballack Ballack Ballack - yeah it's a me joy I suggest come back I anymore reformat new partners in my pound Diamond along you don't like my dress - I've ever trust issues you're not mailing 1 hour duration of the format along it a glowing heart is antique boil boil boil it grab the salamat and congratulations I was going to get to know and come on, huh? I got bad and they are bus. and the locals are bent Salome was playing Robert O'Brien guy hello misplaces Segway like now remember the laughter is the best medicine but if symptoms persist consult