Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm not Asian or Asian American but a general stereotype. I see a lot. Is that often like Asian Americans or Asians in general are all seen as Chinese or like all seen as one thing and they're always asked like oh, what are you like, where are you from? Like people will guess their ethnicity or what country they quote unquote came from but you know, they were born here and it's not very hard to tell the difference between ethnicities and wait. Is that a stereotype? Thanks being able to tell the difference between wait. What do you mean like every Asian is Chinese? That's a stereotype. Okay. I thought you're asking of being able to tell the different did I - I was like talking and I didn't know what to say. Cool learning them. What else do I say? Hello. This is difficult. He's talking and it's hard. It's it's hard to talk about right now. Yeah, I have you ever like experienced anything like that on campus or in your life personally for you. I think it's one that I've experienced all is like. Like I guess the stereotype of like black aggressiveness like I feel like almost everything I do someone took money. That was so aggressive and like I remember one time we were having a party just like in my English class and my teacher had brought like cookies and then like frosting to like frost the cookies with I guess and I was opening just like the container frosting just like a normal person opens frosting I guess and someone was like one of your so aggressive. Why do you do? God I was like listen you guys figure it out then so just put everything down and then went back to my seat. They're like, why are you getting all upset? Like what like what I do and Isaac I was opening a container frosting and you called me aggressive and that's just kind of like the word. I feel like I'm always associated with but the like often times when I that word is used to describe me. I'm not doing anything aggressive and either just talking or being myself like I could literally be dancing or anything and it's like money you're so aggressive and it's like no I'm not. You're weird. I don't know how I was there too. And she literally just opening the frosting and I think a better word would be excited. She loves Frosty. So the bird of bad mood for no reason. It's really a but I always think such a good media. That was like not my favorite class. So I just frosting and cookies something of a party but right and they just had to get away from me. Yeah, they made such an Russian you just excited for these cookies like and I understand why like aggressiveness is so like implanted in their brains whenever they see a black person. Yeah, like men or women but like since we're here, it's usually black women doing anything. It's like seen as aggressive or like scary when really they're just scared for no reason, I guess even though they wouldn't be able to know that and like the I didn't even know that like they have them and so when they're asking you like, oh like why are you like upset like why you so aggressive or like what like, why are you so upset about what we said because like just like you'd find another word to describe. Yeah, like if I'm upset say you seem upset right now if I'm sad to you seem sad right now going on everything. I do aggressive and just because that's implanted in your mind doesn't mean I want you to project that onto me. Because I feel like the word aggressive has a really negative connotation. So it's like to always have that projected onto me like you're such an aggressive person and I'm not anyone who knows me knows that I'm basically a child. Like I said, there's no other way to describe me. Like I act like a little kid sometimes and that's just who I am and I don't know too many little kids. So I look at them like you're aggressive. So I just think that Yeah, like what Marley said it's just there's this word that is often don't like. Construed yeah, because you can do the news towards people especially is for it's like black women like and Gwen were being assertive when we're being assertive or we're like speaking. Our minds were seen as like aggressive and scary and like calm down. It's not that big of a deal but we're just doing what any other person specifically is like white male would do and he prays for and seeing as like Hi and like bold and courageous and when we do it, it's like has a negative connotation. Yeah in my problem with that is it's like if I was getting upset or something that's different, but I feel like a lot of the times like I'll just be wanting to have a genuine conversation with someone but it's like people almost feel like they can't have a conversation with me because they it just like a misconception in their mind that I am mad all the time or like I do want to argue with him over something. Covid a time when in reality, I just want to have a conversation. I want to understand where they're coming from better and I feel like that also gets added to the mix and yeah, I don't know any like affects you emotionally not you personally, but just like in general affects a person emotionally these stereotypes but also in like School settings with your teachers or with like like staff or with any adult that has like power over you like the power dynamics if they see you as aggressive, which usually they do. Any normal incident that you have with another student or doing whatever you do like in seminar, whatever when you're just talking with your classmates, like there are on high alert always towards you when they're not as alert because I shouldn't be but they're not alert with like say other white students are students of another race because they have this preconceived misconception of you. So, can you talk a little bit about how it makes you feel like some trained on man? Imagine what that would be like to have that like you used to were projected which I think is a really good word for that and like yeah like in seminar. I don't know. What is it like to feel like you're being watched over like that with that expectation like well, sorry. I remember last year when we were reading Huck Finn and we had a seminar in whatever the N word came up like me Marlee and Jazzy. And only through African-American students in that cost. We all sat in like this kind of quarter together and like I would be looking down on my paper. I'd be looking at Marley and I could like feel everyone's eyes on me. It's like and I understand that Reese is an uncomfortable topic but like in an educational setting you would think we'd almost be able to push that to the side and just be able to learn because that's what we're all here to do. But instead it was like almost more uncomfortable than it needed to be because instead of just just discussing like the book and what we were talking about it became this like Dynamic of like there's them and there's us and we have to find a way to like have this conversation like makes it together when it should just be like all of us are learning about hawks and and them all looking at us like which suggests that they want to see our reactions like back to the aggressiveness. If we were to react in a certain way that would be upset over if someone would say the Turn or like say something that's out of pocket. If we were to be upset over it. We would be the ones getting in trouble. Like I highly doubt the other student that was in the wrong would be the person getting in trouble or being talked to the blame always seems to fall back on us and that just like goes back to The Stereotype of us being like the troublemakers much. I think that's kind of another stereotype that I guess overlaps with like like black aggressiveness and everything is like I feel like there's been certain situations on campus where the blame always comes back to like a student of color and it's almost like Like I've just been thinking of certain instances with friends where there was like a racial conflict or something and then like everyone kind of had to address it but it was like the student the white student kind of got like a past like a hey they stay defend them but it's okay. Okay, like we're gonna go tell him I said, yeah, like well they use this as a learning like my sin and Volvo and that was it but then the student of color is left feeling like They were hurt and nothing was done to uplift them. I guess you could almost say because I don't know if this is a stereotype or if it's just the way it is, but like I feel like we're expected to kind of take care of ourselves and others because that's just like Like I remember the other day someone was like do you like like talking about race? Like is it something you enjoy talking about? Like racism and to know why do I want to like, why would I want to because I feel like I said actually talking about race and racism is like addressing the fact that some people think lesser than me because of the color of my skin. So why would I want to talk about that and bring it up all the time? It's not something I enjoy it something that's fun or like makes me feel good about myself, but that is something that I think is important because Is it's like a part of my everyday life and I think that it's almost like we're expected because it's a part of our everyday life to just be used to it almost and like we shouldn't like people get rich surprised when we react to things because it's like almost like why are you still reacting to it? Like why does it still have an effect on me? Are you so used to just saying whatever they want and not being held accountable for their actions that it's like when they're put in a person's of colors. When they're put in our shoes, they feel some type of way about it. But in reality were always the ones getting backlash for everything like in the news anything. You see that happens. You'll see comments like on social media. That's like you guys just always bring up race like it's not always about race and I wish it wasn't always about race, but there is so many like systemic racism is what's it called? Oh systemic racism is embedded in our society and in the minds of everyone and that's why it's still prevails in like Judicial law and like socially and economically and I don't even remember what I was saying. Hi little girl. It's part of like the fabric of our culture Unfortunately. They said embedded in the culture like every aspect of our cold. Yeah, but you're saying and I think that's so true. But like it's different when you're experiencing it every Sunday. That's a heavy burden to carry. Crude, I don't want to sing before I can finish that everything. They kind of seen as conversation is really rich and valuable. I'm just curious because I see you're wearing a suffer such I assume you're on the soccer team. See ya. It's it. What's that like like in sports? Do you play sports morning? Like the racial Dynamics? I'm just curious how that comes to play. It does it plays a large role in like the people of colors experience in sports. Maybe not as much like white people but it plays a lot in our roles because I think you hear a lot like or at least I've heard a lot like a stereotype I've heard is that like for example, like you're only good at soccer because you're black so you can run fast or like you're black so you can jump higher like or you know, and I'm especially when you're younger. Yeah, and I like invalidates like a person when they're just talented anyone else would just be seen as talented and like good and that like it diminishes you to believe that it's just because of like genetics which it is because your athletic and like you work hard but not has nothing to do with the color of your skin. Yeah. Yeah, like they used to try to invalidate like black athletes like professional athletes by saying once they started like integrating their just say, oh it's just Is your black and like this and that and they'd be like scared of them because oh there's a black person on the team kind of like in soccer and like mainly guys soccer when they like white guys or team with not a lot of minorities are going to play a team full of Hispanic people. They'll be like, oh they must be super good like they're like Hispanic blah blah blah. So there's like that stereotype that like Hispanics or super good or whatever and they just see like how they appear and the like I call they must be super good blah blah blah or like I've heard this a lot like the parents like if they're Hispanic or they speak a different language mainly Hispanic and they speak Spanish. They're seen as like scary or like rude or like yeah mainly like rude and like loud, but every other parent does that every parent's like yelling? I know my mom's running across the sideline for God knows why but it Hispanic mom or dad were to do that they be seen as like scary and all the white parents would be looking at them and be like, oh that's like so weird like why you doing that Victoria not support your kid. I don't want to tell ya everyone gets like equally into the game, but they are seen as like put on a disadvantage. I think another place where you see stuff like that is like you only good or whatever because of the color of your skin is like I know for me, I've heard a lot with like college like as I start. As I was applying to schools and I started hearing back from some schools or like I just be having a conversation with a friend about like where I want to go to school. I've gotten comments like oh, well, you'll get in because you know, like formative action like diversity like you're African-American and you have this stuff on your resume and it's like I should be able to get into a school regardless of my race if like that's the school that I belong and I guess and to always kind of bring in that factor of race. In my opinion makes it seem like I'm not good enough just as like me but maybe as an African-American student. I'll be good enough, but I think that's kind of like messed up because like I've worked just as hard as every other girl on this campus if I don't get into a school then that's fine. And if I do get into school and that's great, but it shouldn't be accredited to the color of my skin. I should be able to get the credit for like the hard work that I've done. That's right. the green think about like being gonna oh, yeah, that's always a big one like last year our friend group what you should explain it first. Okay. So there's this stereotype that black people. I feel like more specifically but in general people of color are especially in groups are ghetto and Rowdy and like I know last year our friend group was basically for It and an Asian and I feel like whenever we were together whether you're just laughing sitting eating lunch or talking and Sarah Corr or dancing or just doing what basically any other friend group on this campus. Does we were seeing us like about loud gotta like I don't even know how to explain it. It was like yeah, like our friend would tell us because she had friends outside not like we all did it but specifically these people that she was friends with would say that we're like super loud and like scared like mmmm. I don't remember if she certainly said scary but she would definitely say loud and actually yeah intimidating because oh gosh if you say that word around this, thank you up or something. Yeah, I mean I definitely can't walk through the hallways with our friends without being intimidated. Scary little our friends are tall not me but some like she was compared to them, but they're pretty tall as I guess that made them more intimidating somehow. But yeah when like black people especially going to school because her going to this school. Because it has like a lot of affluent people if we speak normally or and I like colloquial language if we speak normally in like professionally or like in English in English. It's seen as speaking white or acting white when we were raised exactly the same as every other kid. Like I went to a parochial Catholic school, and I'm all my life. Smaller private school than that, you can't get any more expensive one. I saw I don't but I'm supposed to be like Brotherhood. I'm supposed to be in like an impoverished neighborhood. Yeah and being like impoverished and poor and like in a ghetto is seen as like a black trait but really it just it's not just has to do with like your economic background which your parents do. Yeah sound of anyone's business, but which black people maybe more poor because of systemic racism which put them in that situation which didn't give them opportunities that every white person had to like own a business and like that carried down through generations and generations, but anyways going on and can't get it. But yeah, we're like seeing us acting white or if you've speak a different way. You're seeing this acting black or talking like this rock like that when really you're just being an educated but Like equating black and uneducated is just like such a problem and like our society and like our school to and tears stereotype. Yeah, like listening to certain music like people think they're so cool. If they listen to rap or something really always expect TJ or listening. Yeah. I'm like, I don't listen to her. Actually I go crazy. Yeah. You know.