Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big fat snare drum. Steve's donut. The original bfsd was engineered to effortlessly transform any drum into your own vintage thumpy 70s inspired big fat snare drum. The Steve's donut has a hole cut in the center and gives you a medium beefy fuddy snare and or Tom with the feel of your actual batter head simply placed on the top of your existing snare Tom skin and the custom blend of patented rubber and plastic instantly facelifts your medium to high pitched in drums. And delivers that sought-after authentic deep and warm tone. We all know and love equipped with a thumb cut out for quick removal and a rubberized gasket for weight balance and stability. The bfsd was designed for the drummer's convenience and makes it easier than ever to achieve that signature sound with no need to retune or bring extra drums created for the drummer by the drummer in this clip. You'll hear the snare first with the Steve's donut then without then back on. All right. We're here with Dan Bailey and we put a little list together for you guys five things to avoid in a session when you're playing drums, of course. Yeah. So let's just start off with number one. You said Being A vibe killer being a Vibe killer. Yeah. I think really it's a, you know, just like anything else in life. You learn to kind of take the temperature of the room a little bit. So if you're around people who are like if you're in a control room or a studio environment and it's like a very like rambunctious added to eat a lot of attitude a lot of energy. It's like maybe try to raise your level to that. You know. Yeah, so people feel like you're stoked to be there and stuff and if it's like a pretty mellow artist or you know, a lot of artists tend to be kind of in their own head, especially when recording like maybe be a fly on the wall. Don't talk so much, you know, like just like learning. Yeah. I learned to just learn that kind of the personality of the group of people and try to fit yourself in and then also like mainly, I mean, this is for me and I still deal with this, you know, it's just like don't be so freaking hard on yourself, like nothing's worse than you know when you're you know, Maybe even completely justifiable Mesa really hard part in a really hard song but like the more you get in your own head like your performance suffers the session suffers, like if you can impart anything to a control room full of people is that you're like confident in the take you just did and I've always found like yeah just just be like man. I really like that one if you like, you know, and not even in the Arrogant or you too egotistical a like if you usually if you're proud of a track because we're all you know any to anyone who spends the time to get really fluent in It's usually such a pretty neurotic type of person. So we tend to be like, oh man, that's not as good as it could have been I'm a man. I should have prepared but you know, whatever it is. It's like no man. That's all you're the only one hearing any of that what they heard they love. So just let that be enough absolutely just because your place you sure. All right. So this is a this is one that I was very interested that you you put in because I want to hear your thoughts on over preparing because I definitely yes a I do that all the time. Yeah, I would say I mean it it obviously is a factor or a result of me having done this for so long but like for me when people are like hey, you know the third let's start at 11 like get some sounds we're going to be in at noon. Hey, let me send you we're going to do three Tunes or whatever. Let me send you the those tracks. Yeah, and I'd rather I'll usually listen to a half-second of them. Just stood here kind of what where they are in the musical world. Okay. I don't want to learn the song because you don't chart it out at all. I try not to unless unless it's like there are times I've worked. Artists and producers specifically one down the San Diego Bunch who does a bunch of gigantic Latin Pop sessions. So like okay like Brazilian artist that I've never heard of that do Arenas, you know or whatever like these these giant things that are kind of outside of our world and he'll have like drums Pro. He'll have like discrete drums programmed and you are there to replicate that drum performance with real a real persons field, but down to the point where like how fills are like built like he wants if it's got to do to he it's exactly that Phil going to the second chorus. So in that case just to save time. I'll chart everything because I'm years again. As soon as I give him like the player piano version of that track, we're good, you know, and that's how he works and I mean, he's obviously having success. So who's to say? Yeah, but yeah, other than that, I feel like it kind of takes most of the time when something cool happens. It's kind of accident, you know, whether it's like, oh why the snare drum sound it sounds awesome right now and it's because you change the snare drum and didn't put the mic back correctly. Yeah. Well where is now so Awesome. So it's just like all this is role that you know, just those kind of dumb dumb things and it's because I look at it like if you've spent time. Before the session on Leo learning the song or whatever what happens when you get to the session and they have a you going like oh this is going to be you know, whatever Motown and they go like no this is going to be like 70 SLA songwriter not 70s Detroit any like or 70s Memphis you like? Oh now I have to unlearn the thing. I've been building in my head. Yeah, and now I'd like, oh I was objectively incorrect for the song where I was coming from. So now I'm ordered like what happens when you know, 99% of the time you show up and they've rearranged the song so your chart doesn't even work that. Although just like oh we made that a double chorus and like that's going to be four bars before the bridge that eight. Well that part if you over prepare and you're like tell the story in your head of like, well, I'm doing you know, I'm doing this Phil because I'm going to wait for bars do that and they switch it up. You're like well now they don't want that for some reason, you know now yeah, exactly. So it's I guess that's you got to be self-aware enough some people. Yeah. It's like a, you know, type A versus tight be kind of yes, just be more tight be in the studio. Yeah. Well and I would say certain aspects. Yeah, basically whatever makes you feel confident, so Like if if really prepare if you like if the thought of not preparing it all makes you terrified and it would a younger me absolutely would but I think that like there's a really great Nathan East quote that I'd read in a you know, like a bass player magazine was in high school or something like that and people were asking him like why he's such so fast in the studio, you know session bass player to everybody especially in the 90s and 2000's and they're just like man you come in and like did you know you play on The Sting record you play two takes and walked out now is that it's like and he goes like man. I've been doing this 30 years I've heard. Progression before so it's like you're not going to surprise me with anything. So like you for the most part I get hired to play on like singer-songwriter records 95% of the time so I kind of know that vocabulary. I know what they're going for. I know most everyone's references. So it's like I don't need to come in like Ultra prepared because I've you know, I've the Kacey Musgraves record has been referenced 10 times the last two months for me. So I've listened to it so I don't have to go listen to that record because I've had two for other things and you know, whatever but yeah, just whatever level. well, if you feel confident to go and totally dry, like I think that that's The most artistically open approach hundred percent but also if it's like man if you do want to like sketch out a chart or make some notes on stuff like it's only going to help of course, but I think just the more the more you do it the more you're able to do a lot of that stuff just mentally and not have to like actually spend the time making a chart or something. You just like, okay, you just listen to tune down once I'm like, okay, it's okay. There's a stop going people that you know before the second chorus. Okay. There's a 2 bar build coming out and you know, you just start to see the road signs, you know, do you to piggyback? Of that. I'm sure like, maybe when you do figure out the part, do you still have something on like a piece of paper like when she like okay, we've you know, I'll have to go like if it's something a little non-traditional because usually it's like I'll just write a little piece of paper like as we're listening in the control room or something. He'll be like intro a that's a par is Universal 16 times 2 or yeah, exactly just like a be a loop that twice or like eight bars and then they're like, oh there's a 2 bar tag before the chorus. That's kind of a little mini. Recourse, they just be like eight plus two, you know just like but it's just the same way. We all right little chicken scratch note. Yeah. I don't think I've ever in a chart had like any notation at all. It's always words that mean something to me. Yeah. There's like a, you know, like a Unison hit that like, I just played on a team that had horns on the bridge specifically in like there was kind of some Unison hits and so like I'll notate those just because it yeah stays faster, but that's also like a big band approach. That's like a sure just more Concepts from being in college and you wouldn't Least I was never taught that you would read the drum part in big band. You'd read the first trumpet part because that has all the stabs in hit since the interesting because it like you don't need to see four bars of double-time swing, you know, like yeah, what's the dude counts the tune off you're going so like totally so you just need to see when wind stops and hits ours. Yeah. But yeah, so pretty much. Yeah, I would just say whatever whatever gets you the most confident and obviously earlier on that's going to be a lot more prep, but I think that's that's a sign that your kind of. growing and getting more more Just repetitions at doing this as that, you're you're going to start start being a little more open handed with things and like yeah, like, oh this actually mean not paying too much attention to this track keeps it fresh. I have fresh ears for it. Sure because that's really the thing. You're going to help the session the most with is that producer in that that artists and maybe even the engineer have been there since scratch tracks. So they're like their ears might be burnt. Whereas like if they respect you enough to bring you in if you go. Hey, why don't we do that? Shouldn't that pre-chorus be double that second time really like if you have something You like, you know, maybe you're the fresh opinion on the song and a fresh years and you might make it better that way. So number three worrying too much about the drum sound and not trusting the engineer. Yeah void that well because Engineers have a you know ways they tend to work and if a producer is working with a engineer usually means they've done it before. Yeah, and usually that means that engineer knows what the producer likes to take the mix, you know, like they know the score so like because every now and then you know, For a drive come in the control room and we've gotten sounds at all. Like they'll play something back and I'm like in my head. I'm thinking like that doesn't sound the best, you know, like well that's a weird decision to make but of course, that's not my place. So like yeah, man, sounds great. Keep taking that bus. Yeah sure. Um, but then it never fails that like then you hear it mixed or like finalize your like. Oh it totally they were going for a thing that I didn't get what they were quite doing and like yeah, so I thought it was a little weird but like hey the let success be your guide. Like if it came out cool then they knew what they were doing and I just think that like we can get so Can't see the forest for the trees. Well, then usually drums are going on first so it's like I know look man, there's gonna be so much other stuff. That's not on the demo probably. Yeah, exactly. So like just understand you need to like usually it's wind drums aren't like as big and fat as they could be and it's like well, they're going to stack five guitars and sing. Well and Twitter else on this everything can't be big. Yeah and you're coming. I mean you are a great engineer as well. But a lot of drummers it's like when you do your first track and you listen to it the control room. It's not compressed the way it's going. Be it's not so cute the way it's going to be a mean I more often than not I even if it's in a great room is recorded. Well that first tape before it's touched up. I'm just like this doesn't sound yeah, but but you know, you do your little whatever the the move you're going to do on your like your room mics and you'd like clean up your kick Mike's a little bit all of a sudden. It's like it sounds like oh these sound like drum. Yes, like exactly but I just, you know, I like I feel fairly confident in my in my Engineering and ability to like walk in and work at other people Studios at this point and stuff but that said is like I'm not it is still the second thing. I do. Like I'm I am a musician first and foremost an engineering is because I needed to learn to do it to be a better musician. Yes, whereas like if I'm working with just off the top my head like Rob's nav in LA or something and like he and his engineer Brian have a certain way that they engineer drums. And the first time I worked with him was like this is within the first time I heard a project finishes like, oh like they absolutely know what they're going for and it It's great. Did you question them? I mean did you know in my head at the time? Yeah to know of course. Certainly. Yes, you just have to trust that everybody else cares about their thing as much as you care about yours, you know. Yeah, that's that's what that's what everyone wants it to be good. You know, like no one wants this to be bad. How do you balance the line between they bring you in because obviously you're Dan you've done a lot of great stuff. You can get great sounds you say, you know, I don't want to step on anyone's toes. But what if we try this, you know, there is this thing that I do they get sore. Really cool sound I think would fit the vibe don't lie and that I mean you did that's just about you know, just like a point one is like you got to read the vibe of the thing. Yeah, because sometimes you are like with specifically the the producer where I replace things like note for note. He is not looking for input like he did they know what they want. We're not going to waste their time trying to get some else and they have a machine and it works really well and it you know, whereas like we robbed for instance like if I went like, hey, man, what are we tried? Like maybe I should take the like the front head off and Go for like a really dead kick thing or something, like most producers Engineers like they're hiring you because they want your input. Yeah. It's like, oh we're going to do a Stacks Record Memphis thing like, oh that would probably be no front head if it was 1973 or whatever, you know, like, yeah, you start to like add your little like drum nerdery to it and then they get excited like yeah the oh that's what was the ocean. Oh, yeah exactly. He wants to make this good. This is great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's just, you know feeling out the vibe, but you can you can feel pretty quick like what they want your level of involvement to be Yeah, yeah, and usually it's like the vast majority of people are bringing you in to do your thing. And so if you have an opinion like, you know, obviously voice a correctly and you know like yeah, hey guys, you know humor me for one second. What if we tried one where I lay out the second verse and I come in, you know and that, you know, you can always try something. It doesn't work. They dislike now, we know that's you know, you just clicked one thing. They don't want off the list, you know. Yeah, we now we now know what we don't want which gets us closer to what we do want. Yeah. Yeah. It's so awesome when someone does when they're really excited about an idea and then it doesn't Work and they admit it right away. Totally like you respect them. You're like, oh that's a facility to be okay with saying you're wrong and going back to not being a Vibe killer that is if there is like a thing that you cannot do as a session musician is dig your heels in when a producer is like, hey, what if we tried one where you play the snare on beat four only like leave to empty and if you go like now that's a bad idea. Like I might be thinking it's not we're not going to be using that but I'm still going to do it because it's faster to just do it than to sit there and Talk about it, you know just like yeah, I'll just do a pass like that because it's going to take the three minutes and 40 seconds the song is or even if we're just cutting that one section. It's going to take 20 seconds. Whereas like sit there and argue about how it's a good idea or not. Usually if you the other thing is don't don't half-ass. Like if somebody has an idea like actually try it like don't don't like half play it like yeah actually play it with some kind of conviction and just like and usually it's been my experience if I go like me, and I kind of Already know this isn't going to work, but I'm going to give them what they want. Yeah, and it's like number one you're closer to being done because they have another option Tara and number two. It's like If most of the time because producers and artists know what they want, they'll go like oh, yeah, you know that bill hear it and go like, oh that's that seemed like a good idea but it didn't work out that way or didn't translate the way if anything I love all articulate this well, but it's fun when something is done wrong and everyone just goes like no. Yeah. That was shit. Yeah, you know, it's like it if anything that kind of makes the vibe better because we're like, oh we all collectively. Yeah. Well, that's how you aren't just letting it slide. That's usually a pretty good indicator to if a control room is like, Like Eunice uniformly behind or get something that's usually a really good indicator of something you should or shouldn't do exactly. Yeah. It's like if everybody loves it, it's like well that must be great. And if it's like everyone's hating it's like well clearly do something else. Yeah, and also it's like I can never tell if a drum Parts the right one when I'm playing it. I it started some drummers that can do it, but I cannot I think that's another and that's a good weight. If you're if you're feeling a little anxious or or pressured that's a good way to buy yourself some time to I was like do a take and go. Hey, do you mind if I come in here that yeah because you can kind of go like, oh the snare drum is translating a certain way to where it's the note is longer in the control room that I'm perceiving it in the in the tracking room. So I probably shouldn't play a fast 16th note fill because it's just getting lost absolutely but like in the room it might sound great but it's just that's not what the microphones are hearing and that's not what it is in context. So I always like to like do a take especially if it feels like we're we either got it or were just about to get it like I always like to listen to that one. One and then you can usually hear the like the good parts about this one are the verse the chorus is but isn't as good as it could be. Yeah, but you could start to like no, that's the bridge part we're going to do that. You know, like I always like to hear stuff in context and again, yeah, if you're if you're feeling like a little uptight like that that can buy you 10 minutes till I get your breath and I all right and more often than not you go in and hear it and it sounds better than you think it does. Yes. So even if it felt like you were so good that you'd be like, oh no, this is way cooler in here. That is married. Uh, yeah, I mean it for me to it's like a lot of times. I'll play a take I'm like man. I was so conservative on that take I was just playing it like I barely did anything. Yep, and you listen back and you're just you're like the old like the hook, you know, usually the one that's it. I think there's something to I mean even it's, you know, you're dying you're playing dynamically, but also with your parts like it never fails if you're takes going to be pretty busy your time is going to suffer like where you're placing the kick and snare. Is it going to be as solid as it could be? Yep, and so I think that that's even just the The amount that that drums are expected to do in pop music isn't much but also like if the song doesn't require them to do a lot and they feel bad, that's the whole being so it's if you're if you're hitting too hard, you're probably your time is going to suffer. If you're trying to play too much your time is going to suffer and like things being pocketed is the entire game. That's the only reason any of us get called. Yeah. So like like I was I was so much a better drummer 20 years ago than I am now like I could play myself under the table. Yep, because I 19 and didn't know it was this like look at all this stuff I can do. Yeah. It was just like wow guys hate to play with that guy. Yeah, and it was just it took a good solid five or six years of kind of like doing a run of a tour and not getting ass back totally mess up just like oh and then you realize like the less I play the more my phone's right like this is a I see a direct correlation to a change. I'm making it my career to it working well and we're talking about this to before we started recording but how yeah little moments that are literally it could be a note the if the verse is you No, four repetitions at the end of the third one has a random little thing that you never hear for the rest of the song. Yeah, that's a drummer. I look forward to that the entire song Oh what happens? It is such a release. Yeah way better than some cool, you know syncopated linear beat that happens at the end of every four it's like cool. Yeah to me. It's like I think one of the best One of the best pop songs and it was a really good example of what we're talking about is Sting hounds a winner, which is Vinnie colaiuta playing drums. Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah, it's one of those Tunes where it's you know, a lot of Sting records don't have the craziest drums on like a lot of it's like he'll be playing Shaker inside stick for five minutes with no deviation and it's incredible because it feels great sure but like that tune in particular. It's a the first track on Mercury falling wood from the early 90s or whatever and it has a lot of Vinnie isms in it, but the verses are so Like so dry, like he's playing so sparse and like on the second verse in the like the third bar. He puts the like he puts the Rosanna Shuffle kick in one of the cocteau dumb got like one time exactly. Oh my God. What? No, totally. It's just like Whistling noise. The only thing that's any different on the entire verse is the added one added kick in the like of it. This weird pushed kick pattern and it just makes the whole verse happen and it's just like and it's and that's the ultimate example is because that like, That dude can play more notes than anyone who's ever played the oh, yeah. Well, maybe I'm going to hit best athlete to ever play drums. It's Unique and it's not even close. Like he's the only of the like the guys with the super duper chops that like that. Well that like, you know, the Keith Carlock saw the world are great. Yeah because obviously he plays the Steely Dan stuff. No, perfect and crushes. But yeah, but just those guys who can like also but then on that same record, you know, he'll have or ten Summoners Tales will have freaking you know, the tune in five. Yes ready as hell and then he'll have the Shaker and sighs take tuned. With no food, you know and it's and it's done to tape. So it's live. Yes played that for five minutes without deviating. And yeah, and the pocket is incredible and it's just like so I mean it if you're blessed to have good pocket and can shred that should be your like Guiding Light sure that guy because he's the only guy that I know of that really doesn't both at the highest level. Yeah. All right. So this is number four don't get discouraged at the pace of the producer. Yes, you know as little faster than what years then you're used to for me. It tends to be slower. But also But and that's not even that's not some kind of humble brag of how fast I work because speed is not indication of quality whatsoever and usually kind of the opposite but the sessions you can go that can go fast our usual things, but people do not care about t beacuse they just want like yeah, this is John Mayer. Just give me a take. I just needed like in the next 25 minutes. Yeah. So like so usually fast is great. But because of that when I'm when I'm engineering my own stuff when it's for like a solo artist record or something obviously take a little more care, but my buddies you do TV stuff. We just know that it's about speed. Like there are dudes that sight unseen. I'll send one take and they know that that's going to be fine. And it's awesome just because it's I know exactly what they're going for. You know, it's like I can just play exactly like the John Mayer song. We're like stealing is a hard word weird heavily lifting from a you know, or whoever wrote. Yeah, I get Melodies and stuff and it's like we really saying anyone who's played You Know da B minor G is lifting somebody else like them. Yes, you know. No it's liek 6hours because we're not considered part of the song I had to hold on a second. So we can steal each other's stuff. That's like we're not playing like yeah my hero or Sharona. We're probably okay. Yeah. How many packing Debby Boone fills her in there? Yeah. Yeah exactly. But I mean I included this on the list because I ran into it recently of an engineer and producer I work with a lot. We usually usually our Paces like will do somebody's like EP in a day. We'll do like, you know, four five tracks or some like that and this guy wanted to track a lot of stuff live, you know, like Rhythm Section live in the room. Uh had these tunes that we were kind of having a semi difficult part is finding the place. They want to live like stylistically and stuff and but it to do five Tunes we booked three, you know, 310 our lockout days at a signature down to San Diego and it was like it was tough on me mentally going like we're here to do five songs, and I've three days and it's like I feel like I'm working so slow but that was also the like workflow they wanted they want to select start from scratch like hey dudes going to play you the song right now. You haven't heard it. It yeah right now we're going to go in the room and I'm going to like play with like brushes and dudes going to play like, you know bass amp way down and we're going to play with him. Yeah get a thing and then he's going to go in the booth and we're gonna start like trying to figure out like actually recording it but that way of working can be it can be tedious not that the set the session was super fun. But I found myself just having to remind myself like I'm not like this isn't going bad. It's going slow but it's not going poorly. Yes. It's so like the same way. This is going fast doesn't mean it's going well. you know like so you just have to completely separate your I think we're just stuck in that like Hal Blaine thought process of just like yeah, he did like the Righteous Brothers record in a day, you know, and they did like live tract and it's like yeah, but that's how they work then because they were putting out a record every 4 months. Like that's not how this is now. So like yeah and if they want to take the time to get into the minutiae of the song like let them, you know, don't let that, you know, bug you and stuff. Yeah, but so yeah, I mean Because you're going to you're going to know you have the take when you have it. And so it's just it's not about being worried that it's going to slower is going too fast or what, you know, like just just try to stay in your like stay in it and just like play the drums. Alright so number five can't not have this one. Don't forget to have fun. Yeah, I mean that's that's the none of us like our are pursuing the dream of this career because it's not fun like yeah, you know, I'm not going like man, you know, if that was the case I'd way rather work on nine to five that. I didn't have to put like mental energy into your hopefully will be out of position in my life where like something else is paying the bills and I can be home and like always play for fun. And yeah your father and husband. Yeah, so being around, you know, like that becomes more valuable in the more look at and stuff. Yes, I mean if we're going to be doing this anyway, like nothing's worse than doing something that should be fun. That isn't, you know, like that just makes it it makes it like ee on fun because you know how it should feel and it doesn't know totally and this this sounds cheesy. I'm sure we've all heard it before but it's called playing music, you know, it's the child-like, you know excitement man, if there's if there's one thing that like even Even in our life situation, there was the we were rehearsing for the last album cycle. And there was one tune that we are just like could Father John with Father John Misty and we just couldn't figure out and it wasn't obviously those. I mean the dudes of the banner such murders man. It's not that anyone can play it or didn't have good ideas. It just wasn't just wasn't coming together and at some point like, you know Tillman just like stops the rehearsal was like what can we just like play music you stop thinking about where you play and it just like immediately got better. It's because everyone just had their head down like in their own world trying to like nail this part. They hadn't played before. Yeah, it's just like he probably let the rather have the part below. Wonky and have it feel good. Then like have the part be perfect and it feels all like vanilla and plastic, you know, so I think yeah, it's obviously if you're not having if you're not having fun on the session, it's not gonna be good. You know, like if you're if you're there like, you know, pulling your hair out and frustrated like you're not getting good. You're not making good art. That's for sure. You know. Yeah and Jeff Porcaro has a famous Mi Clinic he was doing with his talks about how some drummers just start or players or antisocial when they're playing that's what you know, it ruins the vibe of totally and that's the thing about being like finding that right line of like mellow confidence about what you're doing and then you're not cuz yeah, nothing's worse than watching like a player meltdown because they're just not you know, like, you know, there are days man, you'll mess up on the same spot of a tune for the third time in a row and like I've thrown a stick and a control room absolutely have like a freakin knock stuff over like I have I'm a fiery personality. I have that in me, but it's just like that doesn't I mean I've obviously mellowed as I've gotten older too, but like, you know, I mean you want to talk about a thing that will get you not hired. You know, yeah just like but but again it just didn't it never helped my performance to get in my you know, and I think part of it is I I mean, I I wasn't music kid growing up. I was Sports guy. Like I played basketball and stuff. So I think there's just a holder like the competition there was a competitiveness about me that was held over that I had to like start removing. There was like a, you know, I'd miss my third straight shot. I'd get I'd get mad at myself. And that was make me shoot better. It doesn't make me play drums better like interesting because it in a sport you go like the more it sometimes the more pressure makes you get back to basics and you play but you know, No. Yeah, but I find that like when you're trying to do something creative that's not that's a different thing and that that like Dark Cloud over your head just like Rick Rex the day even if I'm getting takes that I think are great. Like if it's one thing if it's a session, I'm engineering and running if I'm just playing like I'll do takes into the ground like you have to tell me when I'm done like because there are like that's the competition is like I always think of a better one. Yeah like but that that and especially when I was younger that approach was very beneficial because it made me Try really hard to get like I spent a lot of time and effort and really valued like the ability. I was trying to craft and I'll let you know. I like yeah, it really drove me to get good and then at some point it becomes not beneficial to be like that hard on yourself and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that I mean that's a perfect example if you like no just rather than like because that's me man. No, it was just run it back like just back of the top one more for me or whatever. Yeah and just like yeah, maybe that is the time to like go get something to drink. I'll let men not eating in the studio because so many guys get like tunnel vision and we'll just plow through and you realize it's like 4 o'clock and nobody's 8 and you lady wonder why performances are bad. It's like know you like I'm and for that reason I'm pretty big on like having some snacks with me all the time. But yeah, but it's just stuff like that. I mean, it's just that's another vibe thing is like feel out the like hey is everybody getting a little testy or like little not focused like now might be a good lunch spot. Come down come back renewed or whatever. Yeah. It's so fun. When you are with the group of people that you're comfortable with in the studio because you don't call each other out. It's got side. This isn't quite doing what I wanted to yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Well that yeah five things you should avoid when in a session so, alright. Thank you, Dan. That's the show. Thanks for listening. Be sure to visit w-w-w dot big fat snare drum.com and follow at big fat snare drum on Facebook Instagram Twitter and tick-tock. The audio you're hearing was fine tuned with izotope RX audio editor It's Magic so go check it out at izotope.com. All right. Thanks guys.