Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself.I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so today today we are we're it's so funny because we had we're recording two episodes today because we had planned out a thing and it's funny. We act like we need to create content to record but we in actuality we don't the school like Buffalo knows we're doing this and we're and they give us big they give us things to talk about. So anyways, so today I don't in the morning time. We every BYU student receives an email with a letter inside. So kind of To get off right off the bat which is so what I first said to Gretel was what my first impression of the letter was was who is Paul and why is he emailing me like it was just so odd to get an email from the school from a man. I have literally never heard of Paul, but he basically in essence the letter was saying that the the changes in the honor code the changes in the wording of the honor code don't actually change what they mean and romantic homosexual romantic behavior is still not in harmony with the honor code or something. Do you want me to read mm? Well, I want you to read the two sentences and I also want you to tell me who Paul is. Okay? Okay. Okay. So I mean there's the whole email a memo from Hunter was describing but the key sentence says well, this is coming from Paul Elder Paul V Johnson Johnson commissioner of the church educational system. So he's up in Salt Lake at the church office building in his overall the church schools and it says Is same-sex romantic Behavior cannot lead to Eternal Marriage and is therefore not compatible with the principles included in the honor code? That is what I call a boner-killer. Okay. I mean I can I mean but that is a shame but that is but let me tell you something. Do you get to see people get the job because I keep trying to talk to you. Don't get it. You know, I'm saying hmm can't explain it. Then people won't get it but it's not a literal boner-killer anyways, but you did you see the confusion like explain who Paul's because for someone like me I'm like because I texted my friend and I was like, what kind of show is President Worthen running and she's like dude. I don't know if present where the knew about this it came from Paul and my friends What is Honor Code doing likewise on our coast and we look like but this is coming from the honor code. I'm like it's coming from Paul. And so we want you to explain to us that tell us like the roles of like office. There's virgin and like they're here but who is Paul and this is coming from Paul. So is it coming from the honor code or is it not it's coming from Paul or the honor code is coming from were thinner Polly. Well, I'm confused. Okay. So from what I understand there is Paul up at the church office building. There's the Honor Code office who BYU and two weeks ago when they change the honor code to allow same-sex dating the Honor Code office didn't have a part in that and that was just handed to them by the church by Ces by the church educational system. So they didn't know that was coming. So you're saying they got the email the same time that we did basically maybe a few hours before they had some notice but they didn't there was little communication if any beyond what students got at least that's what I understand from what I've talked to the honor guard off. About also from what I understand that change was approved by like the first presidency like the board of directors for BYU was in on that meeting where they talked about those honor code changes and so it's confusing that this Paul V Johnson guy who may have been in that meeting but maybe wasn't the leader of it is now sending out this memo changing the honor code again, like there's multiple people that are making these decisions and somehow palsy name is the only one on it, even though there's people above him that are involved in the decision. Does it make sense? Yeah, so do you are you saying that this is probably something that Paul and his little team decided to do on their own and it's more personal than professional. I think I'm saying more that maybe this wasn't pulse decision himself. Maybe there was other people that influence him sending out this memo above him above him. That sounds very conspiracy right now is what you're saying is I can't about it worth it. Or Paul but I choose to villainize Paul. Yeah, so that's the problem is the Honor Code office just keeps getting sent these females writer covid, but we're seeing is the honor code isn't the villain like the right the Annika office. They're just their livers that they're just the delivers of the message and they just passed on the memo to the students. Like they weren't part of that. You just so crazy. Like I just what are they supposed to do? I feel bad for them well and will like so aren't like the Honor Code office. It's crazy because since last year there a cup they have a completely different vibe now. Now like now they feel more like advocates for students than before well before they were truly the villains. Anyways is crazy. I don't know if they're Advocates yet, but it did feels like they're moving that way which is crazy. But anyways, what I was going to say was but this also makes me feel like which doesn't make you feel very safe as a student or good as a student is feel like President Worthen is like this puppet like like is he actually leading our school or is he like almost as unaware of what affects us as you know what I mean like it. Like it's weird that our own leader may have just found out about this huge change with us rather than like delivering it to us and like you know what? I mean? It's very strange like like what is like, how is this school actually run and I know for people like a lot of people take all the comfort in the fact that well like the school's not the church like the school and church are separate. So you can't like judge the church off with the school does but things like this make you really feel like no dude like school is the church. Yeah, and it's starting to I feel like that more and more like the church steps in when I have something to say and that's their organization. But when they want to claim that the UI is not them they can do that too. Yeah, it's kind of a double State. Yeah, it feels it's yeah, it's yeah, it feels like a double standard. So my K tell us a little bit about Soma can I work together and we're good friends. Tell us a little bit about how you felt about Honor Code before the initial change. And then walk us through your experience. So now it's changed for the second time. Hmm. I mean there's a whole story to tell but basically before the honor code changes happened the first time my plan was to date after I left BYU, but I had always because BYU said no same-sex Behavior or no homosexual Behavior. I was thought that it was immoral according to what the church taught. So when Honor Code was changed. It was kind of disorienting to realize. Oh the what I thought was immoral according to the church apparently is now moral like all of a sudden it just changed but then I had this decision to make oh, so I guess I can date now so as that change has been going on. I've really appreciate I was so happy that the honor code changed because I felt like it allowed me to make Decision about my own destiny and I bought my own faith and what I wanted my life to look like because beforehand I had just had this idealistic view of what is love and how what does it look like in my life? I've only I've dated a few girls before but I imagine it's not the same. So I was so grateful that I could be able to make an educated decision. All right. Could make an educated decision about my faith after I had had some experience dating guys. So it's definitely disappointed now that they've reverted back and there's some like communication problems that we can talk about between the church and honored office, but does that answer your question completely? Yeah, I think it does like so you heard the change you heard about this change and then I think you did you go you went to the Honor Code office and were like what's going on in? What was that exchange like? Okay. So morning of the first email two weeks ago. I saw on my club select Channel. Alright, I am friends with a group of lgbtq people in the mirror at school and I saw on our select channel that the honor code changed but the language was kind of more ambiguous. It said no sex out of marriage between a man and woman, right? So that's still kind of ambiguous. They took the homosexual Behavior part out, but it was so confusing. So I went over to the Honor Code office to ask them. So does this mean we can take now because we all have Question and they said same-sex dating kissing. All of that is now not prohibited everywhere you but it's also not endorsed is what they said. So yeah, we were really excited about that. And so that was morning of and I posted that to the slack Channel and I had all these conversations friends. It was a super happy day. It was a super happy day. And I texted my whole family and we were all excited about it and I got to feel that Joy with all of the people that were close to me. So yeah, that was a good memory wipes out. I kind of heard what I said that was which is just again in the confusion. So my K, where do you think what what have you decided to do now or have you made up your mind of are you gonna go by the honor code? Or are you going to do what you decided between the two weeks? Yeah, that's definitely a complicated question. I mean just got like it was this morning. Yeah, it was just this morning. So I'm still so I'll tell you I went to the Honor Code office again. It was like two weeks ago on repeat. I didn't I texted my friend who works there and said, can I come visit you and he said yes, you can come right now. And so I go there and I walk into the office and normally it's just And but I walked in there and there's another guy standing there. I'm like, hey, what's your name? And he's like, I'm Kevin. Oh, so that that I was in office of cabinet to head of the Honor Code office. So I had I think less questions this time because the memo that they sent out was very clear and concise that dating would not be allowed and we sat there together and there was a lot of moments of Silence just because my And was obviously so sad with the change and we were all still trying to process it because they had gotten the same email, you know within a few hours before that moment that I was sitting with them. And so they were obviously confused and wondering how what they were supposed to do about it. One thing. They did say was that memo is all they have to so the students know everything that they know. Which is also surprising but you would think that they would have a little more guidance a little more heads-up about how what they should do for students that we're coming in and how they should let me what you know about that kind of frightening to think about that the people in charge of disciplining us like enforcing the honor code had no Pro-V and to what the hundred code meant like, you know what I mean? Like no no except feels like they're being disciplined like that. He has is like hey honor code you're not interpreting the right and still like slap. Also. Is this the honor code dude? Yeah Honor Code, man. What do you call these people? I don't know. Yeah. Is this the employee of the Honor Code office? That is also gay. Yeah crazy, but I think and I think other people think that's crazy too because how long have you been working there since the change since then he's been working there since August. So right after right Honor Code office, Any problems? Yeah, then got hired. Wow. Well, maybe that's why it feels different now. I'm like, well, they got a game there. So he's looking down. So what does it mean for you now? Okay to change. I was surprised at the One of the things I was most happy about was the second point was about the law of Chastity and how everyone could date now who they wanted to date. So the equality was definitely appreciated but also the third bullet point on the new Honor Code said respect others and Ben said under that Clause if anyone says anything derogatory or anything to you You can report them to the honor code and that is an honor code violation. So at the same time that I got all this freedom. I also realized that I got all this protection which made me feel so safe as a student at BYU and that causes it's still there. But even today at the protest about the new changes there were the save you you people who came and tried to interrupt our protest and it doesn't feel like you have a lot of institutional support and there's not a way for people for all these allies and which seem to be in the majority honestly of how people think here. There's no A way for them to help in there's no institutionality to these opinions, which is frustrating. And definitely very confused about the leadership and how I mean email said it was a miscommunication, but I'm wondering how if Ben was Community. Yeah, if they're even even was communication and how irresponsible that is of the CES director who's supposed to be watching over his students, but it just seems like He's ignoring. He's out of touch. He's so out of touch. Yeah. I think kind of exactly to your what you your point about just like today at the at the little protest there were still those people they're saying hate and saying like homophobic really hurtful things and it's yeah it all comes back to that like who like these changes. I don't think they realized that the people who bear the negative burden of them are lgbtq people. Hmm. I think it's very irresponsible for the school to release a letter like that because it just gives power to the hate and it and there's no protection for like obviously we saw it today people put on display their pride but also people put on display their hate and there is no as a school. I would hope that they're here to protect the students and I have yet to hear any effort to protect a gay student and the change in the honor codes wording was like maybe something thing or maybe could have been something and then they just backpedal on it. And so I'm very confused. That is what worries me is like there's I've never heard anyone try to make that effort in writing. You know what I mean? It's and it's very different to be say be nice to everyone right and it's a whole different thing to say that and actually point at homophobia and be like that is not tolerated on this campus like you like that has consequences exactly that has never I've never seen that done in any of my classes. I've never seen it done at a protest. I've never seen it done anywhere and there has been people say it all the time. And so that and that's what this letter makes me think of is like is like wow like this letter. Do you see what that does like you who you gave power to ya so well, so just so our final thing that we wanted to say was because we know we love to receive criticism on our podcast McKay but um, but Fred are what our butter what most people do we really do. We really don't think we get too much we get we get too many affirmations. Like so far it's been like our friends and families who love us dearly been listening to our finally you guys are amazing and but I've been pushing my friends like no no killing me unless we want we want them hate bosses. You want some you want some hate because we want to be really want to communicate to everyone and we know and we know that this room is literally an echo chamber so so but what a lot of what people say is like, why don't you we like you this is literally just ranting it's unproductive. and I was telling Gretel when we were eating dinner right before this how I how that really frustrates me when that is people's excuse for not being an ally or for not voicing their concern for like these this stuff is because to I think of it as like if you were in your apartment, you know, you rent this apartment and then your pipes burst and you're you're in water up to her ankles and you call your landlord and you're like yo the pipes burst like I need you to fit and and then they stop you like Able to have a solution from you just going to like complain that your pipes are bursted. Mmm. And you're like, well what like and it's going to be confusing because you're like no like I'm standing here like in the water and I don't know how to like, I don't even own the building and like, you know what and it's that confusion and and that is the role that I think we are Anna's students. Sometimes is like I'm like, no dude. Like I'm the one standing in the flooded apartment and I need like this the change I need I truly can't make by myself. I I need it in writing. I need the protection like I need the protection in writing and I need it enforced like I need someone to literally fix the pipe something that you cannot, you know, you can't touch the building because you only rent it. You know what I mean? And that is why I am frustrated by people who keep who I mean, I that's why it's a valid concern like well, why don't you providing solution? Well, this is why because the solution we need is truly in the hands of these old white men that are dictating the safety. For all the lgbtq people who have ever been on this campus in are here now and are here to come and so that is so that is why there is no that's why we don't always present a solution because the solution is truly out of our hands and what we can do to bring that to bring that change about is just call the landlord, you know and say yo I'm standing in I'm knees deep now like please like can you please and so that's kind of so, that's what we want. two kind of Put that point out there because we know that people sometimes listen to these stories and I like well like you just say that no solution and I'm like, well, do you not see who has who has the power to fix it and then say yeah and hopefully by inviting different people to share their stories and perspective that all of us can learn and practice empathy because I think a lot of times when we don't have these people's experiences speaking from a straight person's perspective. It's it's hard. You know how to care and how much to care but hopefully by just bringing in these perspectives that we can all know that we all live in this building. And if this apartment is flooded like it will affect all of us at some point and it will so let's learn to look out for each other and love each other better. Okay. Well, thanks for joining us McKay. Oh totally love it. And thanks for listening to the rant club and we'll See you next time.