We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the showroom podcast. I am Mike Davenport and I am joined by my lovely wife Andy. Hi everyone. How's your day been? It's good to hear that. Cited for tonight sure good sure. You said I'm trying to keep it upbeat and you know me this is my positivity and sarcasm married for 20. It's been 20 years. We just look 21 into engine. So we do our live stream every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. Eastern time here on YouTube and then every Wednesday morning, you can get the replay in audio version at 6 a.m. On your favorite podcasting platform. So just search beyond the showroom. And since this is a new podcast it's slow getting up on it. So right now I know it's on Spotify and it's on anchor I'm seeing analytics from what was the other one? I can't remember I I text my podcast guy and told him like Hey, we got, you know Lennox here, but I can't find it on this coaster or caster or something. I don't know all these podcasts names. I have no clue. So, like I said, I think I said it last week or whatever. I just get on my iPhone and hit the little podcast app. Yeah fine. So I guess that yeah and the apple is really difficult. They say they can take anywhere from 30 minutes to three weeks. So I have even will see that not on there yet. I'll get an email. So I'm really really Excited about today's episode. We're going to talk about how many things are we're going to talk about things in relation to pricing on cars and that's like the number one biggest thing with buying a car is negotiating getting the best price. Right? So and the one thing that probably takes away from the atmosphere of carbine is knowing that you get a good price. So if you got questions in regards to pricing you can text in your questions to the 502 909 Five one nine two number and you can't expose in at any time and Miss Adrian must do that as some people Karma Chevy dude is she likes to be called Andy where I thought we were keeping my real name? Okay pod. Can I say your real name? Yes, you did. No, I didn't mean to. Oh, well, you know, I don't like we're trying to keep it a secret. Just you know, it's we have a reason we don't we don't want people saying yo Adrian exactly. I'm not a fan of Rocky. So if Want to get your question answer I guarantee you that will answer your question because we had a lot of them we get hundreds and hundreds of text. But if you use the Super Chat feature here on YouTube, you'll get it answered 100. We also what the topic is, but we do want to stay on topic and we do need to pay the bills. We got some bills to pay here this equipment that you see or listening to is expensive and I had a good sponsor for this week. And that is raid Shadow Legend So if you check the description and the of this podcast in on this live stream, you're going to see some links for For this awesome. RPG game is fun. I play it you can join my clan. And if you're a new member you get 200,000 silver in one free Champions. So download that after the show, here's what we're going to talk about on the podcasting tonight and the live stream. We're going to talk about pricing new cars for new and use exact we're going to pricing cars for new and used how dealerships do it. We're going to talk about negotiating techniques when your car shopping we're going to talk about the tools you can use to get the best deal. We're going to talk about the proper time to bring up pricing concerns with the dealership. And then how willing car dealers are to negotiate here in 2020. What do you think? What do you think about that? I'm sorry. I just saw that somebody said they were canceling their C8 and clicking off the video because I don't like color Rocky that does that distracted me from your question. What was your question? I said, what do you think about pricing and negotiating car deals? What do you think? You hear? You hear it sometime since you're in the in the business. Yeah, I have a pretty easy. I mean, I just turned my salesman and tell me buy this car. You have a really bad salesman. I don't you yes, I mean horrible salesperson. Yes, he is but he pays the bills and buys me the cars. That's not a Salesman. That's a sugar daddy. Oh well. Then I need another sugar daddy and a Salesman. Okay, can you can you refer me to a good salesman it takes up into five. Oh, two nine one, nine five one nine too. Well that goes to me. Yeah. Yeah, you need a sugar daddy, right? But I'm going to sugar daddy. Oh and I'm not a Salesman. Oh, I'm screwing everything all up exactly. So I'm really excited about this because this is a really good topic that I get asked questions on all of the time. I think the biggest one is how do dealers come up with pricing new and used cars. Is it just out of the air do they want to make a certain amount of profit? What is it for? Do you know how do you know how they do it? Well, I know they checked the market. Do you know how to check the market? It's a program the program good we're gonna talk a little bit more about that program. I know the name of the program to what is it viado? Oh, yeah, you're at it. There's several programs out there V Autos is the probably the most prominent one inside the car business. I don't know the other names but that's definitely the one that a lot of dealerships use because really they were first and I don't think it's real expensive to use these programs, but it does cost some money and inside this program. They've done a really good job. So make sure that deal. Ships really utilize it you can pull car faxes in there. You can integrate Carfax in there. You can integrate your auction websites in there all that stuff because when like our dealership is buying cars at auction, we can see what the values of those cars are right then and there and there's a lot of stuff behind the scenes that I don't see or do or what not because I just I don't do that part of it, but I understand it enough. I saw enough cars I talk to the managers. I know what we're doing. But so pricing new and used cars is definitely a technique and definitely something that is extremely important to the dealership. So why it's important to the dealership is because you could be anywhere in the world dressed. However, you like I love to tell I love to say this to people when I have them on the showroom floor. I'm talking to him on the phone or text or whatever is you can be naked at two o'clock in the morning shopping for a car in your bedroom and seeing if it's a good price or not and decide. Hey, I like this car. I'm going to move on. Right are don't like this car will move on to the next one or I like this car. I'm going to interact with this dealership. So, you know if it's sitting in a link or a lead or or texting them or or texting an overnight thing or if it's seven o'clock eight o'clock in the morning talking to somebody live whatever the case may be making a phone call all that good stuff. It's amazing that we have that technology nowadays because we've never had that before. How long will we have this around, you know? How long have we had what around like the technology of like texting dealers or chatting with dealers from their websites? Gosh, I would say it's become more predominant in recent years, but it's probably been around for a good eight to 10 years. You're pretty you're pretty dead-on. So I like to use the oh 8 through 2010 economy crash that we came out of that and a whole lot of things happen. So before 2008 if To walk into a dealership and say hey, would you buy my car for cash they would look at you and say you're crazy right that it was something that dealerships never would do even though they bought cars on a daily basis. They wouldn't buy a consumers car off the lot or off the street. So what we call Street purchase, so I don't know why I just don't know why but it just seemed to something happened after 2008. We learned a lot from 2008 through 2010 that we basically straighten her act up in the car business in in starting. Going doing more things. So but that was a huge turn in social media in 2010 and I'm going to realize that YouTube in 2010 was only five years old. They're getting ready to turn 15 years old this year. YouTube is what we're on right now and podcasting. I don't know how long podcasting has been around. Do you know? I mean, we don't even really listen to podcast much. So no, I haven't really gotten into it because when the time I'm listening to anything is when Working out and I need that upbeat music and not just somebody talking in my ear. Yeah, I'm saying right I'm saying way so I'm like that a lot when I come home just I'd rather have some upbeat music and rather than someone talking in my ear. Really? Yeah, is that why you play Fortnight and an army with headphones on so so yeah, so, you know, we have these pricing Tools in these pricing tools tell us a lot. They tell us so much and I say we as in car herships the automotive industry because we know that you could be anywhere anytime you could be anywhere and you imagine anywhere. Where did I where did I buy our test lat? Oh, well, you are on a plane, right? And how did we buy it through? What communication were using your messaging through snapchat, right? Oh you and I were Snapchatting. Yes. I mean I was I was 40,000 feet in the air and I get this snap chat about this Tesla that hey you look what you guys just took it on trade. I want it. Okay, tell me what tell me about it. What's the deal and then I texted I did I have to tell you anything about it. No, just it's just like he's hired by it right exact. So so then I text the general manager at that store because this was at our Subaru. And I text him and I say Hey, listen, I want to buy that Tesla I do this at 40,000 feet in the air and I'll phone this is was it 2018 that when we do but here's ago 2018 2017 something like that. Yeah. So so, you know, that's just that's just amazing technology that we have that well we have that going out to the consumers as well to make it easy for everybody. And I mentioned the I mentioned the the V Auto and I had a couple examples here that I pulled from work. And I want to show you this on the screen. This is an Audi TT that we have in stock. And this is the back end tool of this 2016 Audi TT that we have in stock. So over in the right hand side and for the people that are there to listen to this. I'll just kind of try to visualize this with you. But over on the right hand side. We have the market average odometer of 25 618 and then over in the top left-hand corner. You can see our odometers 40 that 9950. I know this car. It's actually got 50,000 like 12 miles on announced. We had a couple Test drives and you can see our list price their of 24,000 610. So if you look more over to the right for the people that are watching this on YouTube you can see distance says all this means that we are searching the entire country for this car with this. This is a rare car that a rare car, but just not a popular car out. There is not a huge huge amount of them out there and down here. You see that little speedometer for the people on the live stream and it's where 89% so you can see it goes all the way up to a hundred twenty percent and and then over on the right-hand side. You see ranking. It says price rank V rank. So price rank or down there about to number one. I think we're number two there and then V rink where number three on and what this does is tell us where we rank in this case in the country for this pricing of this car and the 89 percent of the market adjustment. This is how I like to explain it to new people. So 89% Means if everyone is selling a candy bar for $1 we're selling that same candy bar for 89 cents. So we're 21 percent below the average Market on this car, but we've got we've got some issues with this car. We're higher mileage than the average mileage out there. Yes have a little man math going on there that what I say. You said 21% 11% 11% Yeah. Hello, man math going on not man math. Yes. Public its public school public school. Yeah, it's men have a problem with math. So so yeah, so I mean we're selling this 89% so of the market, so we're number two price in the country. So if you were to call us and say Hey, listen, I want three ran off the price that car I'm going to tell you. No because I already know right especially if you're calling from Florida or California or wherever if you're calling from a lot farther away, so that's just kind of one. Pull on it. So I wanted to kind of show something more with what with what I'm showing. So I'm going to pull up this 2017 Chevy Traverse 2LT and same kind of stuff here. You can see we're setting right at a hundred percent of market right there at the 6 o'clock position on it. We're right at 99% of the market and we're a hundred miles out 35,000 miles that I average Market odometers 39,000. So we're kind of dead on so there's a lot of cars. Out there like this. It looks like there's a hundred and eighty Traverse out there for 2017. And then over on that far left hand corner. You can kind of see that we're dropping this down. Okay. Well, we want to we want to engage this with a 2LT car because this is a 2LT cars not fair to say. Hey, I want this the LTZ which the higher trim level is not fair to do a 1lt or a LS because that is a lower trim level. So so we want to gauge what the pricing is on that so and then Be a couple other minor things. We don't want to get like really heavy into to that because you can manipulate that really really well and you can you can really get some crazy things going if you were to see that and you want to do yourself Justice when you're selling these cars you don't want to manipulate it stuff. So that way it's really high or really low you want to have less options in there. You don't want to start putting. Hey, I've got a DVD player. I've got this I got that and then you start looking. Looking at vehicles that don't have DVD player. So there's only five out there with DVDs. That's not a good thing to start doing you want to kind of just like Hey, listen, I got 2017. I have a 2LT. Let's just look at that because that's really about what we're looking at and I always tell her by there's kind of like five things maybe six things that you look at at home looking at a used car and that would be the year the make the model the color. the mileage And then the price so with that being said Miss Chevy dude, yo Adrian. What is the number one question asked by consumers when they call the dealership. Hey, I have this one because you've asked me this before. Yes, I have I was testing you. Oh, is that what you're doing? I'm testing you. Yes, you're you're asking for it tonight. The question asked when calling in. To a dealership or texting is the car available. Yay that you're absolutely right. So the reason that is is because you at home can look at all sorts of third-party software to judge if this is a good deal or not. CarGurus is the number one I think company out there. What do you think? I mean opinions? I know you're not all that stuff cars.com I think is what I tend to go to. I was looking at something Auto Trader. So cars.com is owned by the number one conglomerate in the world for cars. They're owned by Cox Automotive and Cox Automotive owns. The number one when you call that auction, the number one auction house in the world Mannheim. They own Kelley Blue Book. I used to work for a company called Kelly and I always assumed Kelly Mike Kelly. I'm Kelley Blue Book and we were making the numbers up to benefit us which was always hilarious back. The day so so yeah, you can do these you can set there and look at all this stuff and decide that hey, I want to look at CarGurus. I want to look at Kelly Blue Book. I want to look at you know, AutoTrader TrueCar all that stuff and decide that if I'm going to go further on this and one step further is CarGurus will tell you and pretty much everybody nowadays. Well tell you that if it's a good price or a bad price and if you go to CarGurus, it tells you right away and some dealers will put on there that their CarGurus price is good or bad or whatever. That way. You don't have to go out to a third-party website and you're just using their website. So that's kind of important as well. I was going to say I do like the Fair Deal Fair good deal, you know bad deal type of thing. I don't remember. Website does it because I've looked at so many when I'm searching for a car for me you're searching for cars of course and not on your lot. So but but yeah, so it's kind of nice to have that gauge because I would have to say that most consumers just want a fair deal. They want to be treated fairly right you can say on the comments on the live stream. You can say I mean, do you just want to be treated fairly? Lee and professionally when buying a car, yes, but At the same time people want to feel that they got a good deal and not ripped off. So those kind of go hand-in-hand, you know, if they feel that they were treated properly and everything. They may feel that they've gotten a great deal. But if you're feel like you got treated poorly then you know, you're going to not feel so good. Right? So you brought up something. I like this. I like this when I bring up you brought up you want to feel like you get a good deal. How do you know you get a good deal? What's the definition of good deal? You know where I'm going. I know where you're going and I know it's your and you can see Ellis, but I don't remember how you put the word or you know. You can if yeah, if you know the answer to say the answer now because I don't remember the word. I think it is the wording. He's used to say. No, I'm not even going there. It's on the blink. So yeah, you know a good deal a great deal. I got the best deal. That's emotional. Right and there's no definition for good deal in the dictionary Google good deal. Right? It's conjecture. It doesn't tell you anything. It's not in the dictionary. It's not anything out there. It's a feeling it's what now, see now I'm drawing a blank. It's I said a motion, but it's it's it's perceived value. Right. So one thing that we're taught in the car business is to exceed the value exceed the perceived value of the vehicle with the customer and they'll buy every time so if I show you everything about this car and your value expectations right here, I show you your thing and you're like, oh I didn't know this. I didn't know that blah blah blah blah blah and now your exceed value has exceeded the price of this car based off of our interactions. It's an easy transaction. It's an easy. Transition into a buyer of that car. So so it's really really important to understand everything from sales and from a consumer side point so when people are talking about don't ever answer questions from a salesperson, you can answer the questions, but you gotta understand that the make sure you're dealing with the sales person who's got your best interest in mind if they don't have their best interest in mind. You definitely don't answer those questions. But but yeah, I mean, it's kind of interesting when people are like hey, I just Good deal. It's made up. It's a made-up turn there it doesn't exist. But but in reality, okay, let's talk about reality here about what we perceive a good deal is you just want to be treated fairly you want to be able to build that relationship with that dealership. You want to be able to go out there and talk with somebody and have some he's back. I just had a conversation with a customer today. Our new truck manager bill was talking to somebody about a C7 and he had a problem with the C7. And I said listen I said, I don't want to contradict anything that he said but I'm sure you don't wanna go through this process of a limit law by back. Let's let's figure this out you do whatever you want your car, but we don't have any 2019 cars to give you so if you do a lemon law and lemon law by back you're going to be walking right not really be walking but he's not going to have a Corvette to drive. I said how long you had this car? I know the customer right? I don't mean I don't know him, but I recognized him right super nice guy comes in every once while jokes around talk stuff. That and you know, so I'm sitting there talking to him. He says yeah, I don't want to deal at so I'm like listen, you need to go through the process of service just a little bit more and that's the relationship that you really want to have with customers is when a problem happens that they can trust you when you're not selling them something and you know me, I mean, I'll always tell somebody I don't want to buy that you don't want to go through that right? It's just way I'm never not very many sales people out there like that, but it's way I am. Okay. Are we We going to get to a few questions you a question. Okay. Well, most of our questions are not topic related coming in and work realize I am not going to respond to them. What's this someone? This is a Super Chat. Well, yeah, and those type of questions might have to be super chats. Yeah. There you go. Okay. So at the beginning somebody put in the comments how much should you? Jade the price down on a vehicle it all depends. Right? So we're going to actually talk about that. Next step is the next that was the next. Well, then out of the five things. Go ahead. So negotiating techniques When shopping for a car so you want to do your research right? And it's tough you can't get into any car dealers will do this. You can't get into it like like minor Minor Details, right? The minor Minor Details don't always go into selling a car buying a car, you know, if like hey this Euler down the Street has got the same car and you know, the dealerships going to be like is it got the same miles? It's got this and next thing, you know, they're just there you guys are just battling back and forth. It's not a professional experience. It's not a you know, a positive negotiating experience. So in the negotiating techniques need to come with some Credence with some value with some you know, Hey, listen, you guys have had this car for 10 days. Can you help me out? Just a little bit. You know you guys are you guys are at a fair deal? What would it take for me to be on CarGurus at a good deal would 500 bucks work with a thousand work, you know stuff like that. And so that's that's the time to do it and one of my things I want to talk about was bringing bringing it up a proper time to bring those concerns concerns up pricing concerns that the car he thinks price too high if you want to talk about how the price is too low. I mean, I'll be more than happy to take those customers might get your cars $1,000 to low want to pay you $1,000 more perfect. Thanks. We'll take it and never happened. Never. Ever happened hasn't happened in 20 years. Never hurt. I never heard two things. Your price is too low and you give me way too much money for my trade. That's a whole nother topic, babe. Yep. So but so yeah, I mean the proper time to bring up the purchase price of the trade to negotiate is is literally wait till they get all the numbers around for you. Don't bring it up too early. My analogy. I love using this analogy, which I've had to clean the analogy up for for broadcast. Different analogy before I decided to talk about it on air. But if you see this beautiful person that you're attracted to anywhere in the world in a bar at a basketball game football game you walking by the street you turn around and you want to approach them. You don't walk up to him saying hey, I'm Mike you want to get married? Now you ask for their phone number and get denied. Yes. I know and that's the salesmen at me. I asked multiple times until I got it. Yeah, so she so when I met her we met second week of high school in 1992 and some friends introduced us and they're like how get her phone and we get a phone and when I asked her for her phone number and she told me no and I'm like, oh man, I was letdowns bummer. You know, I just met this girl. And so I told the friends and like you didn't have a pen on paper, you know, I was like so I run to the concession stand there at a football game and running the concessions and like listen, I need to buy borrow a pen and a piece of paper and and they're like, no we're not going to give it to you. I'm like, no. No, seriously. I'll bring it back. I promise. Here's my name. Here's my student ID. So I walked back and I got my I got my pen and paper and I'm like, what's your phone number and she gave it to me here already Slater's only because those same friends were pressuring me to give you my phone number. I know it's great buyers helpers, right? I guess that's a little did we know that three kids. Yeah. We'd still be together still don't have a job. Hey that pays you're my sugar. Daddy. Oh wait, I still need one of those. Yeah, I need sugar. Mama. No now I can have a sugar mama. Oh man, no fun. So, you know bring Bring up the pricing of the car. Once you see all the numbers that way if you got to trade in or whatever and whatnot that you just see everything in print and writing you guys know that you know, I've talked about the worksheets and stuff like that and I'll put it in the comments section of the podcast and on the live stream here. I'll put that down in the description after the after the show here on the live stream, but I have these worksheets that you can use to utilize to make sure that you get everything. I'm done. Right and the dealership shows you everything right that way if they bring a Foursquare out you can be like Aunt wrong. This is what I need. I need price. I need list price any discounts and rebates. I need trade value. Oh, by the way, would you write me a check for that? If I don't trade it here, you know, if I don't buy a car from you drive me a check, you know all that stuff. So but you want to make sure you get all the pricing before you start negotiating because if you start negotiating the bottom line, which is what you always need to do. You never negotiate payment you always negotiate bottom. When you go out there and get all the facts and then you can negotiate effectively and it's going to allow you to get the best deal right here. We are best deal are good deals scenario to do that. So One of the things I want to talk about. Was tools you can use to get the best deals and I kind of mentioned. I'm the kind of mentioned Car Guru to make any questions on pricing that you've got that we can hit on those three subjects that we talked about. Well, we've had somebody asked about trading in a leased vehicle if you still get a tax credit and I don't know if that is pertains to every state I know in Kentucky they do sales. credit on vehicles trade it in. Nope. Nope. Nope. So it's a good question. And I'm glad I wasn't specifically talking lease. Oh, I'm just saying start backpedaling. No, but I'm just saying that was a question, but I'm saying that every state is going to offer tax credits Exedra and she's wrong. She blames me. Yeah. So yeah. So if you if you have a lease typically speaking for the most of the states that I know you do. Get any type of tax credit on a lease because you didn't pay sales tax on their lease. You only paid tax on the payment, which is a big Advantage for leasing. So with that being said if you trade that in you're not going to get any tax credit you have full pay full tax on whatever your pay tax on in your state Kentucky. You pay sales tax after rebates, Indiana, you pay sales tax before rebates. So every state is different and with that being said most of the time you can't Really trade Ally sin because it's not advantageous to you. I just had this conversation with a gentleman down in Florida over the last couple days. Super super nice guy. We've got a Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland addition. He's trying to buy a Silverado and he called me up and and we were talking and he we're looking about twenty four twenty five thousand what his trade was worth. But his payoff was like 27,000 owner. His payoff was his if he bought it was all the way 27 with sales tax. So so I was like, well, there's no reason to do that. I mean, that's your just you're going in a hole for something you have. You don't have obligations to you if you have options for so with that being said you can just walk away from it. Well, he thinks he can solve for 29 Grand. So after sales tax, he's less than 27,000 so he can probably make two grand on this vehicle. And that's when you kind of this very rare for that to happen. So a lot of times when you want to trade in a lease your your lease. Going to have negative equity. So you just walk away from it. So when you do a lease you have a lot of options, but the only obligation only obligations that you have with Elise is the take care of the car to keep it in, you know normal wear and tear usage and make every single payment. That's that's your obligation on a lease. If you do a 36-month lease you are obligated to pay thirty six payments. If you do 24, you do 24. We're on a purchase you're obligated. Covid to pay the entire loan off. If you borrow 30 grand, you have to pay 30 grand back to the bank. It's no questions asked so that's the that's the advantage of leasing. But yeah, so typically speaking leasing is not going to get you a tax credit if you trade it in you can trade it in so that way if you like went over a mileage or something like that that you could get out of it and as kind of like convert it to a purchase and trade it in or whatever. It's it all happens in one Fell Swoop. It's not anything that you have to worry about. okay, I don't even remember what three topics now you were with one overpricing the how people price new and used cars negotiating techniques proper time to bring up pricing concerns and kind of touched on a little bit about the tools you can use to get the best deal Okay, so see There's so many different questions and not really any of them pertain to exactly that stuff. So I'm just going to start asking questions tips on trading in an upside-down vehicle. Just depends on how upside down. So I got a gentleman he's got like three or an upside down in a vehicle and every time you tried in an upside-down car, you're just burying yourself. That's a huge term in the industry. You're burying yourself in your new vehicle. So the second part to that question does the new Factory rebates help. Barry that negative equity. Yes, and no. So with with that you're still enroll in negative equity over and you're buying a depreciating asset. So the old adage you pull off the lot you lose x amount of percent. I don't know what that person is 20% 10% whatever it's not because of what the dealers have done. It's just strictly because you're buying a depreciating asset when you take delivery of that car and you title the car you're you're taking advantage of away from a new car buyer full warranty all that good stuff. No. I was in the car stuff like that. So with that being said that's why the cars depreciate then you go out to the used car market and the person selling that car if it's a private individual if it's a dealer who ever they have to Market that against the new cars if you want to get rid of it in six months a year, whatever because then you're so close to the value of a new cars like well, I'll just go to a new car rather than buying a used car. You know, somebody else got right up for whatever reason and so so yeah, so that's so that's kind of the thing. What was the first Our that question. I forgot just tips on negotiating and upside down. Yeah, I got you. So the you know with tips on negotiating, I mean, it's it's not really anybody's fault on what the vehicle is because it's all about the market. And so that's that's on that but if you're trading stuff in he's got to realize you know it but if you're trading it in the more money, you can put down the better it is. So Michael King just doing a super chat if I'm looking to buy a car later this year fourth quarter. When should I start talking with the dealership over emails? And when should I first visit? So my recommendation is 90 days before you want to make a purchase and I wouldn't go into the dealership before 30 days. And the reason why I say that because a lot changes over time so but you're going to do your research. Six months nine months a year before and I don't remember the stats, but I think the stats go into, you know, most people are doing research for nine months. And then when they go to a dealership there within three days of making a purchase so so yeah, so I think within 30 days of doing it go to the dealership within 30 days and then make your decision at that point. So and the more the more you do the harder it gets I have I have a client really really sweet. A business owner here in Louisville never met her just just walked in on a busy Saturday and I started talking to her and she's utterly confused now because she's been doing too much research. So he's got to be careful with that too too much research is in can be a hindrance and you know, she's looking at our Chevy Traverse, which is probably the right car for her once a needs and I've told her that but she's also looking at a Q7 which is got a lot less room for her need she's needs this through grow passenger vehicle would not because the hauling people because she's hauling things. And she doesn't want to buy a truck for her. She's a interior decorator and and stuff like that. So so yeah, so I think 90 days start talking to dealers Tom. You're 90 days out be up front. Like hey, I think I'm just a few months out, but I just want to get some general information and they'll probably have a 90-day follow-up schedule with you and that can kind of tell you which dealer wants to earn your business as well. And then yeah, I don't think you need to go in the dealership until you're ready to buy or you know within 30 days of buying because they're gonna they're gonna they're gonna want Your car you're not walking in there to buy milk. You're not walking in there by Bread you're walking in there to buy a car and that's their job. So so let's get into tools. You can use to get the best deal. So those tools are extremely important to do upfront. So since somebody brought up negative equity. We want to talk about that a little bit. You know, if you do have a trade don't just go to Kelley Blue Book, you know, Kelly Blue Book is evil when it comes to pricing. I'm not saying negative about Kelly. Blue Book for whatever reason Kelley Blue Book just does not give realistic numbers when it comes to trade they're doing better. But just it's not it's just not there. Well, you're going into somebody else's question right here. They're asking about do dealers use Kelly Blue Book or an idea. So we use a lot we use a lot of books. We use about 10 or 15 books. And the reason we do is because there's so much data out there, but we really go off a live market data just based off. Of like if you're buying a stock, you know, you look at live market data. So so when you're at home doing these using these tools you want to look at Kelly Blue Book if you have a trade in what I like to do is use their instant cash offer. You can also go to true car and get their instant cash offer and those two tools right there for trade ins are probably the best tools. I use the true car on my personal website. So if you go to Chevy do.com and go to what's my trade worth it, it's going to tell you what your trades. Worth and it's dead-on dead on it's always right. And so that's going to give you a really good tool and a really good tip on what your trades worth as far as when you're shopping for new and used cars. I've done the video on fake pricing scams fake car prices on the internet because a lot of dealers are doing some goofy things with that. So I showed you that that viado screen, you know, I can dial this down and and really, you know show a consumer that I'm at the best price because I put way The options in there, right? I can really fool the system to do that which is which is water line fraudulent, you know, definitely not ethical by any means so you don't want to get too specific because it's manipulating the numbers you want to do that with yourself as well because you just want to look at good values and Ada never look at any idea any idea is absolutely not worth anything for values when it comes to buying a card and trading for a car and I love it when people walk into the dealership. It was like well in a DA said it's worth this excellent. You want to look at any idea what my car is worth and you're gonna pay me that and I'll send it back up like well, no, I don't want to pay what any day since then. Why are you negotiating in Ada on your trade? Right? So again, nothing negative nothing kind of sending to the person just you know, just kind of having some fun with the conversation that we're having here, but that that's you got to kind of look at that at that way. So so like I said for trade in Kelley Blue Book instant cash offer, not just Kelly Blue Book but instant Over and then true cars into cash offer will help you in your trade in and know exactly what it's worth when you're going to a dealership. So and use your VIN numbers on those two by the way, don't just drop down that I got a 2012 Chevy Avalanche boom, you know use your VIN numbers because it's going to make it much much better. So techniques on the on the new and used car side true car is another good one. I know a lot of people bash true car, but you have to do like 13 steps to get a true car price, too. Cory inquiry to a dealer so it's not like oh I didn't mean to do that. So it's always funny that when someone says there are true car lead and they contacted the dealerships like I oh I didn't mean to do that. You have to do 13 different things in order to put your information in to us. And so we kind of chuckle a little bit because whatever reason they did all that and they're like, I don't want to talk to a dealer or these they've been called by five dealers already. It's just it's just bombarded them, which I understand that completely as well. So, but you know you Get look at NAD, excuse me. Look at an ADA. So look at CarGurus you can look at Edmonds is okay, not the best but CarGurus cars.com are some of the best ones to get pricing tools. And then as far as new card deals, I see Benjamin put in a Super Chat, we're gonna get to that as far as new car deals. Look at dealerships websites. That's what you want to look at go to the dealerships websites that you're looking at. That's got the car that you want and Impaired dealership to dealership to dealership because again, it could be two o'clock in the morning. You're naked in bed looking at car deals, and we know that and we want you to know that we have the best deal on the market so that way we can get it. So Benjamin through in a Super Chat asking I have a 1988 K 1500 OBS with a hundred twenty-nine Thousand Miles who really low miles do dealers care about low mileage old trucks what brings more value with older trucks? No, they don't that truck right there. So That truck doesn't have rust and it's a good truck like, you know, obviously I got a K 1500 set up my driveway right now that truck to a dealers were 250 bucks, but you and I both know that if that again good condition truck. I wouldn't sell my truck if I sold my truck today. I wouldn't sell it for less than $6,000 my 1995 K 1500 that's in great shape. No rust that I would if somebody offered me 50 900 bucks for it. I'd be like no 6 grand. That's the number because they're so hard to get a hold of. In that 5.7 liter engine is is bulletproof. So to dealers your truck means nothing to him is $250 truck. Maybe they sell it for two grand. Right? So but that's definitely a truck that you'd want to put on Craigslist Facebook Marketplace. And if it's in good shape three grand Tours and 2500 somewhere around there. I don't know the condition of it. I'm was talking value on my truck because I know my truck I know my truck doesn't have any oil leaks. I know my trucks got a spray in bed liner while I guess it does week. I forgot about that. I got to get that checked out. Hopefully the Corvette's here we can just leave that service. So so yeah, that's that's the thing on the K 1500. Thanks for the Super Chat. Appreciate it. Okay, several very various questions, but all along the same lines have to do with dealerships having different pricing for the exact same car. So let's talk new cars. Yep. Why would a dealership have say a car price to invoice versus MSRP? So if a car dealerships got something price to MSRP? I would never shut with that car dealership ever. I mean they're just going to play games up the gate and I'm probably gonna get there and I got a dealer additional dealer markups or additional dealer fees. They get the rip-off sticker on their cars if they're not shown at this kind of price on their website. I wouldn't even shop them. So why they're showing different? Cost is just based off of their internal pricing models. I don't know what dealerships do as far as their internal pricing models. I know what dealers Chevy dealerships do around us. But I don't pay attention to our GMC store or the GMC store. It's right there next to us. I don't pay attention to the Honda store and he liked that I pay attention to my brand and like I do I just was I just was working a deal on a Hyundai Palace side $100 discount. That was it. That's all that's all they're like week. Can't keep these things in stock. We're not going to we're going to Discount a hundred bucks. That's it. So and as you're talking about that, somebody said that they bought one for invoice and half of hold back a few weeks ago and then their friend tried to get the same deal and was told no deal really this. I had it's based it's based off of each dealer and you know, I don't know the situation so there could be different situations there or whatever. So that's what that's what's bad about. The car dealership is your friend can get the good deal and you don't and it could be just your Because of of negotiating so and that's why that's why our dealership which I'm I'm proud to work for our dealership. Absolutely love. Our owners are owners have my back on everything which is super nice. They've proven that time and time again with me being on social media and some of the goofiness that happens offline with phone calls and stuff like that. So, but the You know, that's what's bad about it is we just everybody just wants a fair deal. Like I said the beginning so with that being said, you know, why couldn't that guy get the same deal as his buddy did especially because I'm sure his buddy brought up that hey so-and-so is just in here and he got the same deal. Why can't I get the same deal, right? You would expect that exactly, especially out of a referral right? It's like hey John Smith set there and told me in here. It's like if I see a shirt that I like and my friends like oh, I love that show. Hey, I just got it for 50% off at such-and-such store and you know a couple days later they go and it's no longer on sale. I mean that's just part of the sale process, right that is but it's still you just kind of but if you were to walk in ten minutes later and say hey my buddy just bought this shirt for 50% off and as it still 50% off. Well it is but not for you. Right? I mean that's kind of what your kind of what you're saying when that happens. So so it's it's really important. I think as a dealership to treat everybody right treat everybody Fair which again this podcast is not to promote Bachman Chevrolet. It's not promote me to Car Sales. It's to show you techniques and tips on doing the right thing when you're out buying a car when you're not buying a car from me, right? I mean, I don't really want you to call me to buy a car. I'm so busy right now. I just can't take I just can't take clients. It's crazy. I hate this. I guess I made a hundred and twenty three phone calls. it says Tuesday you straight Monday hundred and twenty three phone calls yesterday and not one of them to me now what I mean yeah I didn't text you all day right I mean I text you on the way home like oh whoops I missed your text message hundred twenty three phone calls yesterday either made or received it was crazy absolutely not today that's normal for me that's a normal day for me but but yeah so the reason why sometimes it's just their internal pricing models of why they why one dealership a dealership be have different pricing and that's when you I communicate on the phone with the dealership or through email or text and like Hey, listen dealership a is got a very similar truck, you know, the MSRP is $200 off, but they got six thousand dollars total discount. You've only got three. Can you match their six grand off and that's kind of the way you can talk to them and talk about them is hey, I just want the same value off. I don't need the same price because the MSRP is aren't the same. I just want the same discount and same fees and just got to make sure that At that dealership a and dealership be are honest and ethical and their pricing and that's where my dealership pricing scheme video comes into play that they show fake prices. Why don't you pop up are texting number again? Somebody just hopped on and was wondering how to its best way to ask a question. 502 909 5 192. Okay, right. I got my so I got my small screen up. I will to nine. Oh nine five one nine to two thousand question. We Again, you know you kind of just start answering a lot of like a lot of questions have been all on the same line. So, you know, somebody said why do some dealers have $10,000 off so we're autos and some charge MSRP, you know, we have why do some dealers do Market adjusted pricing and others just sell it cost for the same car? Yeah. It's kind of I just said that it's just based off of their internal model. So, you know the dealer principal, you know, he or she pretty much tells the managers how to run things but a lot of the decisions are made by management that they just don't have a clue sometimes, you know, I'm not again, I don't bash any but I love everybody, you know, if somebody was somebody was a hater on me and they walked into my house right now or walked into my dealership. I just shake their hand like hey, how you doing and and move on I wouldn't like all y'all saw you make that negative comment on me. I don't care about stuff like that. You know, I'm more interested in helping people more interested. And taking care of people because that's typically is returned very very easily. So, you know, but that's you know, that's just the way it is. It's just it's just goofy that you know, I can walk into one manager who's maybe having a bad day and he won't do something for me and I go to the other manager an hour later. That's just having a normal day or a great day. And I asked the same question. I get exactly what I want, you know, and it's just it's just goofy like that just happens so but But a lot of times the pricing just happens for management and you know, they got a chip on their shoulder. They got an ego and you know, you can't deal with people with Egos and and whatnot. Like I always I always my whole life I've had a chip on my shoulder and you know, it's not a negative chip on my shoulder. I just want to be professional and be successful and I want to you know, prove everybody wrong, you know, I got fired from a dealership and you know, and and now here I am and I guarantee you they're like man. I wish we would have keep him. You know, I wish we wouldn't have fired him because now I've worked my ass off to No get where I'm at and didn't let anybody bring me down or anybody take me down and then move down here and work for dealership for two years and they didn't respect me and they lied to me and they wanted to do this and that and and you know now I'm working for dealership for last 10 years and they're like, yeah cool do whatever you want. You're happy. We're happy you're making sales your top sales guy blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, you know, and you know, the negative things happen. They're like, okay. Well, thanks for letting us know and Ryan Bachmann said today that I don't want to know what everything you're doing. Just you make good decisions. Just Do it make the make us proud bring us in the customers treat us, right? You know, he's like, I don't want to know every video you make or every concept you're thinking of or whatever 99.9% of the time everything you put out there is dead on and it's positive its professional and if somebody's got a problem with that we just can't handle we have to deal with it. You know. Yeah. Well they always say when one door closes another one opens and everything, but let's get back on task. Yes, okay. So a couple questions of came in around negotiating a price on a new car that was ordered and then somebody else asked if dealers let me find that question how dealers feel about custom orders compared to buying off the lot. So it's these questions go hand in hand right here. So personally customers I can care less about if you want to cross the border something sweet if you are trying to custom Order Silverado because you want a bucket seat rather than we'll all we think we have both been just like let me let me just locate it, right? I can locate it. I know I got that video out there that the Georgia dealership, you know sold us a wrecked truck. We didn't know what we we we've made we've made precautions into that right and and that's such low a low risk that happened. But you know what, you know, you can talk with your salesmen and just do it. But as far as pricing on a special order vehicle, you know, I price My dealership price is everything an invoice or below, you know, so like I had I had a guy today that that text me from Florida and he wanted to he wanted to Tahoe that we didn't have and I'm like I can get you a Tahoe. That's that's pretty easy. But it's limited 2020 ones are already being built 2020 ones are starting to be built this month. And I said, so we need to hurry, you know, and and so I just walked into the general sales manager. So the hey, how do you want me prices Tahoe from? Our dealer he says $500 over invoice and we probably have to buy that at at what what in General Motors terms is pay 310, which is we don't get any hold back because we get it from another dealer. So we literally going to make 500 bucks on this car and and to go get it and drive and stuff like that. I don't charge anybody to go get cars. So literally we're going to make $500 or less on this car deal. They're going to pay me a hundred bucks to sell the car. So now you're less than $400 to sell a $75,000 Tahoe. I think that's So if it was in stock could use a little bit better deal. Absolutely because it's in stock. But what I do on orders is we talk about the pricing. I don't negotiate I don't negotiate with my customers. I'm like, here's the price. That's it. It's kind of take it or leave it right not rudely. Not not inappropriately not in professional. But Spike. Listen, I'm busy. You're busy you're here for a reason you want to deal with me because all my clients are either they know me or their previous customers or the referrals. So I just cut to the Chase and get things done and most of the times people approach appreciate that they want to cut to the chase. So so I tell them this is what it is and then in any rebates that are available are at time of delivery. So I just did a Duramax 3.0 liter half ton truck so that customer got a $6,200 better deal from when we ordered his truck on the last day of December of 2019-20. Yeah, it was December 30th. I order that truck for him and um he got sixty two hundred dollars in rebates that you know we didn't know what the rebates were going to be the day he picked it up so I'm like okay let me Glenn his name is Glenn like let me check out let me check the rebates 6250 so your price is this the cool awesome because I already knew everything it was just like hey this is the price and it's 6250 less now okay cool you know he was budgeting for the higher price because I always tell everybody if there's no rebates there's no rebates and I know the market I know the trucks there's not going to be no rebates on a my Silverado but I want to prepare everybody for the worst case scenario I don't want to prepare people for best case scenario and then have to back pedal when they got their dream truck or the one that truck that they work so hard to get a hold of and right okay so I'm combining some questions here once again but these two questions pertain to the same relatively the same thing what's a reasonable percentage to expect to negotiate off of invoice And then somebody asks asked if invoice price is the real invoice price. Yeah, so the average new car dealer makes two percent net profit. Net. You hear me net two percent net profit. That's what the average dealers and I know people are like you're lying. You're making that up go Google it just Google it. So I guess a just average new car profit. So before I got on the show, I Googled what the average used car dealer profit wasn't like it was like From 2014 I'm like holy crap. And but again that's over millions of cars sold. Right? So the the margins on cars is lower and lower and lower every single year. So invoice price is invoice price. I know back in the 80s, you know, I wasn't in selling cars back then I was barely out of diapers, but the people would always talk about you laughing at me or laughing at a text. I'm laughing at you. Okay. Good. Are you laughing with me or laughing at me? At you okay. Just want to make sure laughing at me write that down. So, you know, there was like other people in the back making up fake invoice. I don't know if that was true or not. But it's there. I've never seen in 20 years or so on cars. So yes, the real invoice is the real invoice, but there are dealer profits building to those invoices when it comes time to, you know, we got the hold back and stuff like that, but like my dealership if you're buying like a Silverado for me you're getting hold back already. I mean, we just have to be super aggressive based off of our market and we're given up hold back without you asking. Asking because that's just our market. So we're working to make back our money from the manufacturer over volume. So but also a reasonable, you know just depends on the car, you know, 2020 c80 Silverado, you know, you probably going to have three or four grand and discounts and five or six grand and and rebates but that goes into the last thing I want to talk about on here will ask well ask questions hold that question, but you know how to do. With what we were talking about my last name? Okay. Well, let's do this my last thing that I wanted to talk about in this podcast and live stream was how willing are car dealers to negotiate in 2020. That's a really good topic. How willing are they to negotiate? I don't negotiate I you know, I'm dead on and I got a customer in here the other day about Corvette like here's where I'm at. Well their dealers doing this I understand but it 10% off MSRP. That's that's a hundred are looser deal. That's a hold back and everything and my dealerships not one to take anything less than that. So again, not a jerk comment. I'm not being a jerk when I say this. I'm just being straight forward which again my clients. And appreciate and I know YouTube World they may start roasting me. But that's just what it is. I'm a very very straightforward person kind of black and white when it comes to it because I don't want to be there for hours with someone if you need to be there for four hours. No problem. I'll spend all the time in the world with you to help you make a good well-informed decision, but I'm not going to drag you around the dealership for four hours. Most people don't want that. So most dealerships if they're good and they're ethical you're probably not going to get much. Money off my Infamous saying not my Infamous saying my dealerships have a missing guys. That's next to me. If a hundred or two hundred dollars meant to do business. I'll figure it out five hundred a thousand bucks. It's not going to happen. And and if you're seeing those big discounts and big rebates off of cars that from the get-go then there's not going to be much out there. If you're looking on CarGurus and you're seeing that they're a good price and little get thing. I love about CarGurus is it's full transparency. They tell you how long the Ship has had the car, you know what price markets that they've done they drop them and stuff like that and they show you what the if it's a good price or a bad price that show you the Carfax. They show you everything about it. And when you see all those stuff adding up and being positive then there's not going to be much room to negotiate the unethical dealers the old-school dealers. There's a lot of room to negotiate on those. If you see start seeing those ripoff stickers on their cars, there's a lot of room to negotiate but the good dealerships like me again. You got to look at dealer rater. Dot-com you got to look at cars.com. You gotta look at you know, Google reviews Yelp. It really depends don't look at Yelp in our area are Yelp review suck but who uses Yelp see, but we don't use a rare. We don't use Yelp around here restaurants really, but people in the Northeast Yelp does everything. I sold a guy a used Camaro two years ago three years ago up in Upstate New York, and he looked at our Yelp reviews. And he didn't he wasn't going to call us then. He saw one Yelp review about me Googled my name saw who I was and called me and that's the only reason we got that deal. But because he was going to he was looking at Yelp and wasn't going to wasn't going to call us because of her bad Yelp reviews just Yelps a horrible business Yelp is horrible. And that's maybe talking bad about him. Yelp is a horrible business. They will take somebody like me who writes a really strong review about a good impression of a of a of a transactional process with someone and then because I'm not in the Yelp system or I don't make a lot of Yelp comments or Orient and then they squash my review so you can't see it and they don't count towards their star rating. That is a bad process. And that's what I don't let's why I don't use it because I don't think that my review is going to be good at at one of my customers. Like hey, would you write me a Yelp review and I did it because he's a customer mind because he's wrote me reviews, but my my my my review got squashed it just is it hidden and it doesn't affect his star reviews and that's bad business in my opinion. All right. So the question you have okay, somebody wanted to know if it was rude to ask for invoice and let me find this to ask for the invoice price. And then how do you know that the figure they give is actually invoice price? I don't think it's rude to ask. I don't think it's necessary to ask because there's so many places out on the internet that you can get invoice price on any car go to 1,300 cars in stock 1,600 cars in stock. Go pull any 1600 literature. Our and you get invoice price on any one of them without asking so so basically the best thing to do if you really want to know that the invoice price they give you is true go to true car or one of the other services. Yeah, just Google how to get an invoice price and it's going to tell you and it's gonna be truthful and they tell you everything and and that's that's probably one of the best things to do is like, you know, I don't want to sit there and and talk about how we're gonna get away from Oops, or delete them or whatever. I know a lot of people are like in 10 years dealerships are not going to need it's not true. The dealerships are always going to be around but the tactics that is used is going to be completely different on doing things and that's why my channel will survive because okay something I talk about five years ago may not be relevant anymore. And we change things right again 10 years ago. We weren't talking about cars.com and AutoTrader and stuff like that and and and that stuff just wasn't happening people were still going in and searching the lot and walk. A lot and looking at cars and stuff like that. So, you know that stuff just doesn't happen anymore. Okay, so somebody chimed in with they found their 2018 Camaro 2ss about 900 miles away on cars.com says my insurance company recommended true car.com but I found they added zero value to the deal is true car.com just like cars.com. So basically every one of those CarGurus they're all pretty much similar you have been up there. Their own models because they're all individually owned by different companies or by different individuals or whatever. So that's why it's good to look at all of them and and get a good good gauge on the market. That's why I said earlier when someone asked, you know, do dealers use Kelly Blue Book we do but we only use Kelley Blue Book because consumers look at that. We look at so much more stuff. We look at the live data that everything shows and whatnot. And you know, that's that's what's important is the live data. So you kind of do that as well, but cat different resources to get the best information so that way you can make a well-informed decision. That's the biggest thing is just be well informed. Okay, and let's see. Somebody wants to know when's the best time to buy a car good question. Always good question. Best time to buy is when you're ready to buy we talked about this I think on the first live stream that we did three weeks ago. Imagine. We've already been doing this for three episodes. Now love this. This is fun. Every time we've gotten off here. It's been like I'm hype right? I had so much fun talking with people and interact with people and getting the questions. I'm going to tell A were we're going to have to do another Friday night. Alright, yeah see a lot of questions and there's a lot of C8 stuff coming through which is very hard for the podcast time. Yep. It is. Yep Friday night. We can do Corvette Friday nights or something like that. So but the question was when the best time was to buy a car so it varies it's not it's not a set in stone so I know everywhere out there and they'll tell you go at the end of the Months that that can be true in some cases but there's some cases that dealerships have fast start bonuses from the manufacturer and so they're discounting greater at the beginning of the month then they were at the end of the month, but then you get to the end of the month and the dealerships are like, oh crap, we're five short of our manufacturer goal whatever right so they have to kind of work at it and get that five goals. We just have that happen on on Monday. We needed like a couple more something, right? So we work hard throughout the whole entire month to get there, but there was three dealerships and the Metro Market area of Louisville that didn't hit their their Mark with the manufacturer and I guarantee if somebody would have went to those dealerships. They might depends on how far they are off. I don't know that information. But you know if there are one or two off they might have got a really good deal. I know we were one or two off from from one of our numbers and our finance manager was convinced to buy a car and Ryan Ryan Bachman was like I'll fix your trade-in and you know, I'll fix your least turning because he had a big dent and you know, he did a bunch of other stuff and you know, he got a good deal because he was the last person the building and they convinced the white car in the last day of the month in the last minute, you know, because we had no more customers there. So it just it just varies, but the best time to buy the car is when you're ready to buy typically speaking January 1 to December 31st and 12 times throughout the year on the first day. The last day of the month the incentives and rebates and pricing is going to be within about five hundred bucks. It's very very it's very very characteristic and it's very very common to see that the Pricing is pretty set forth throughout the year. I have in 2004 2005 2005 I think was the first year that General Motors came out for employee pricing for everyone the month before I sold a brand-new Hummer H2 and then the day or the day before, excuse me. I sold a brand new Hummer H2 last day of the month last hour of the day blah blah blah next day employee pricing for everyone came out customer calls me up add right or what that pricing I got. Read blah blah blah. So let me let me put a pencil to and see what happens. Yesterday's pricing was five her daughter's cheaper than the employee pricing for everyone. So so that's just what happens. Let's 2005 nothing's nothing's changed. It's all it's all the same. It's all very characteristic on on pricing and stuff like that. So like I said that's time ago is when your best time to buy is when you're ready to buy and I think you kind of already hit on this somebody asks, is there a better time of the month to buy but you kind of hit on that being just depends on what the dealership Has going on. Yeah as to what's going to work best. So basically, you know, if you know, you want to buy in the month of February then, you know, start looking start talking dealerships and just choose what part of the month you want to buy it in. Yep. Yep. So, what did I just had someone come to mind? I can't remember what I thought should I write it down. I was reading comments over here, but he was it gosh dang. It was something about it was something about by Jean and whatnot but oh well I lost it I mean the next one on to the next one you should have you should have wrote my thought down so I wouldn't forget it you know if I could actually read your mind I probably would have but you can't remember now I'm trying to go through all these things and we doubt questions and stuff somebody wants to know how does trade in work on a limited production car so let's talk a little bit about that limited production car trade in like like like you know like maybe they only met like let's use let's use our grand prix a Grand Prix GXP right there not to deviate grand prix's out there a limit it oh you know what let's use something more modern well I'll use that I got more modern car so limited doesn't always mean that that's good so but let's let's go to let's go to the Chevy SS we're talking the four-door 400 horsepower car that thing's gonna hold its value it's a rocket that that we should have sold a million of those cars we shouldn't have got rid of holding in Australia either but for whatever reason we didn't they didn't sell you know the the Chevy SS Car love that car the G8 car love that car but the page didn't sell for whatever reason it's sad it's sad to see holding on in Australia but that car is a limited production car and it's going to hold its value a limited you know kind of like a limited like all black out addition Silverado or a limited edition Edition yeah the midnight yeah block out the midnight addition Vehicles those are limited but but it's it's not that big let's look at ss1 Ellie car right those are limited cars Camaro SS when Ellie 2 and 1 SS those are going to bring a little bit more money but not a ton I mean you know it's got to be the right buyer But limited can be so I guess that's really that's really I really guess that's the point. I've just made is unlimited can be more value but at the same time just because it says limited or there wasn't a lot sold doesn't mean a whole lot. You know at one time a PT Cruiser was being sold for $10,000 over MSRP. Just remember that. PT Cruiser with the wood with the wood grain side panels rumor. Yeah. I was like the prowler. Yeah, there's one, you know Prowlers, you know, they still bring their money. We had a purple one couple with a couple years ago. It's on video Summer Okay a question for us. I'm trying to find them. It's it gets hard when I have to you know, go through all these CA questions. Yeah, I know we gotta keep we gotta keep these on topic. I keep these on topic I'll answer as he ate question. I saw someone I found one. Okay, go, huh? I already told told people on YouTube that we would answer C8 questions at the end of this podcast. okay so I will get to some of the C8 questions that are coming in I promise so what do you everything yeah so we'll do we're an hour 10 minutes on the podcasting parts will do one more negotiating carbine question and we'll in the podcast and we'll stay on live for the live streamers so someone asks I can't find this question he asked about his priority number on the his order for the ca so the priority of Norman doesn't really mean anything it's just basically in the order of importance inside internally with the dealership so like if someone put their order in August 15th and you put your order in August 16th I'm going to have him at number one in your number two so that's all it really means it doesn't really mean anything GM doesn't look at that it's just an internal accounting for the dealership so you find a good question in the sun I have a question from an independent car dealer okay like they're an independent car dealer yes or Asking about an independent her dealer. Okay. It's as an independent used car dealer does it does every know what it ended up in a car dealer is that's that's that's it consumers need to know what an independent a lot of times we call Mindy dealers inti so an independent car dealer is a dealership that is not got a manufacturer behind it. So like we're a franchise dealer. We're a Chevrolet store. So so a dealership ABC Motors, like if I bought a car if I bought a used car lot today, I would be an independent. Dealer so whatever I name of Davenport Autos, I would be independent dealer because I do not have a new car manufacturer. So typically your used car dealers are and they're always used car dealers. They're an independent dealership. So independent dealerships got a question ask away. Well, yes, but I like that. I love that. It dealers on here asking the question because it's really important because this stuff I'm raining again here but this stuff is not I'm not bashing dealers. I'm helping dealer. I'm helping consumers and and I love when like some people are negative like some people I'm talking about dealers. when they're negative towards me they're they're missing the they're missing the message they're missing the point consumers are looking for this information and consumers are wanting to know how to do the right things well guess what dealers I'm putting this information out there you see and how well my YouTube channel work you going to see how well this podcasting works and if you listen to me you can go out to the consumer and do exactly what I'm doing and be successful so the end of a love that the independent dealers here but first we have this pink oh I guess it's that Super Chat having all the super sets I've seen have been greedy that's just doesn't have a question he just wanted to give yeah you just want to give me some cash Larry thank you so much that's awesome dude well he did mention that because of your content he ordered a CA last summer with his dealer and it should be going to production soon GM are you listening GM are you listening because of me he bought a car not from me that's what I do I think I'm just going to ramp. I don't think that's what GMO understands that I'm I'm bringing a lot of great information. So there's some haters out there that are distracting some higher ups and they're only seeing the negative things and they're not seeing all the positive things. So I don't want to do anything negative for GM. I love the I love GM. I love Chevy. I love the brand. I don't need to sell cars anymore. I want to do YouTube full time, but you know what? I love selling cars and I continue to want to sell cars and some days. It's Is really hard when I get when I got when I get talked to not talk to you like negatively. But you know, the owner of my company says yeah, we received ten phone calls because people are hating that you did this you did that or you know, GM employees are are doing stupid stuff. I don't want to do negative things everything that I do on my channel everything I do here is positive and it's reinforcement and it's it's great for everybody who's involved. Okay, and about Magnet or Independent Car dealer? Okay as an independent used car dealer The General It has no clue what costs are involved in buying a used car at the auction auction fees Transportation costs refurbishing Etc. That's just getting the car ready for the lat. We then have to stand behind them with a warranty advertising dealer floor plans dealership licensing insurances on the building liability. And then because we're in business we need to make a profit so knowledge of the market sometimes dictates your selling price and therefore your Potential profit I had to go through all that and that's good. I guess the question is how do you politely explain this to your customer who is trying to lowball you? It's a great. It's a great comment. That's that's I love that that's that right there guys. This is this is an extremely important question. That could be great for everybody for the dealership side in for the consumer side. And here's how I answer this to the question and I've answered I've already answered the question the entire time. I have to praise our vehicles based off of the information that we push on the internet that you may never contact us. I may never see that you're shopping for a car. So if I've got the car in stock and inventory in your contact me because you want my car in the because you know that it's a good deal. It's a fair price. It's the best deal. I use good deal. Even though I told everybody what I thought about good deal. I still use a good deal term with customers, but that's how I handle it as like you called me for a reason in a nutshell, but and I'm just straightforward with them and believe it or not. Nine times out of ten. Let's let's say you bet. D % as a dealer that you talk 200 people and 50 of them you tell that they're like, okay and they give you more opportunity to buy the car or to sell the car to them and they want to buy the car. But but yeah, absolutely, you know, you just have to be straight forward straight transparent in the chat system right now. If you want a dealership to be transparent with you put a thumbs up in the chat not even a thumbs up on the video a thumbs up in the chat if you just want to dealership to be transparent and the way they do things put a thumbs up. You can see these thumbs up share and 67 people watching right now. We've had over 4,000 people on here this these thumbs up we're going to go crazy because everybody wants to be transparent every just wants us to tell people exactly the way it is and and that's that's what's important and just telling people is being straightforward them and that's what I do. I don't beat around the bush and I always tell him like listen, I'm not saying to be rude or negative or mean to you. I'm just telling you the way it is, there ain't no negotiating. I've got my best price out there. There's a reason you called me and they're like, yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. They are. He's agree with me always agree with me and it's and that's what I love about the car business is because when you can show that you're transparent you can show that you're honest. You can show that your ethical they will they'll close every single time consumers into dealers. I don't hide anything. I don't do anything crazy like that. I'm not hiding the profit that I make. I'm not hiding anything. I'm just telling it and that was one question. I had I didn't answer this. I'm just going to let that go for another deal. Another day. So you said we were done. Yep, we were so so guys we're closing the podcast portion of this live stream and I just want to appreciate everybody if you're listening to the podcast every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the YouTube channel Chevy dude. We're here doing this live. We're on for about 15 minutes prior to the podcast and we're on for another 15-20 minutes after the podcast live stream and then every Wednesday morning at 6 a.m. On your favorite podcasting platform. This audio will be there so you can load in login load input your RSS feed in there and get it. So guys as always thanks again for watching and have a fantastic day and drive safely. Beyond the showroom is on the socials follow along on Twitter and Chevy to join the V on the showroom Facebook group by searching beyond the showroom. Subscribe to the Chevy dude YouTube channel and until next time have a great day and drive safely.