All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought Cold cuts out there for this trip up in Santa Barbara. He's he's got this house just full of animals. The guy who are wild. He's just a beauty he has a show called extinct or Alive where he goes out to third where third world countries all over the place and finds out if certain animals are really extinct or Alive. Hence the name and what a fascinating to what was that trip like, there you go, man. It was it was unlike anything. I would have expected. I didn't know first of all, you told me that we were going out to Sanctuary. So I didn't know what to expect as far as I'm concerned. That was a sanctuary. I was it was, you know, animals running wild left right and center and you know, I mean, it was just unlike anything I've ever expected. I mean you remember we took us on a tour. So we started out going in we met him really chill guy. Well before I remember even before walking up just to get up to his house. Santa Barbara, you know, you're actually going through the four to one that you had camouflage on. Well, yeah, I have a fedora on we looked ridiculous to think and we didn't know what we were getting into in all in our defense. Right? And what concerned me was he had just been on Joe Rogan's podcast and Joe Rogan knows something about everything. So he's asking real legit animal questions. I'm not an animal guy as we all know I walk out of the car. You got your camouflage on I got my Fedora on I'm eating a Slim Jim and have a tangle long Girl Scout cookie in my hand. He had no idea. What why he probably thought the circus was coming to town and and we had the animals so we were all set to go. I did it. I mean just from the jump. All right folks hanging right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing. Past this is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys. Nice and smooth. If you support the brain only time show. You don't only support the show you support your ball sack from one guy supporting his ball sack to another order manscape today promo code Bobby balls to get 20% off your new lawn mower today. Well, I was amazing. He took us for the listeners out there. I mean, he's got this Whole massive pad in the back. It's just like trail that leads all throughout. So he starts showing us all the animals and when things got wild was there is like that pain with the pigs and the turkeys and chick like he has his own organic chickens that he does. So he opens this pen up and we're waiting and these pigs one of the pigs was Henry comes out. It's just like I'm like looking like this there's a Big pot belly pig just sitting there. It'll just sitting there and then the mold is a grape you do a great pick. Well, it was it was it was wild man. It was I did not know what to expect any that squeal one more time. I'm sorry folks with audio, but that's what it was. Like I was standing there absolutely out of my element, but I didn't know we can have a day, you know out of your element. I was Adam ate we all know I am not an animal guy which is why I brought you I was so nervous, you know. Know a little bit about animal what he had this whole hummus platter and guacamole and there's snakes going around. There's pigs it just for me. It wasn't the setting for hummus. No, I love chips and hums below. He has a hummus in the fridge and then he had mealworms next to it the right feeding the little gecko or whatever right? I was like men you don't want to stumble into that frigid white guys are coming out Wizards are coming at it's just it's before or even he went to go pour us a couple shots. Yeah forced like Part forest was great. Forest is grow Volante Pro galante is what we had that up calling him. He had white clause in there. He was a he had hard kombucha to he was from the University of Santa Barbara. Yeah. It's just a rat guy brilliant guy and just I mean he was you know, by the end of it. He couldn't believe that we had to go. We had a two-hour trip. We were going to hear rush hour traffic. He was so upset. He wanted to go get a drink. Yeah. He said he's like, oh, I got a I got a rugby practice after but if you guys want to go grab a couple beers, I was like wow. We just took two and a half hours is guys time and we could have stayed there for a full week. And he would have no problem. Now, I wouldn't stay for the full week. As I was just such on edge with the animals it and you guys are going to see it on the video. I mean it is just the kind. I think we may be doing two episodes out of it and you know and his family was there is and was there the family was awesome. So I mean he was doing this all like, you know in the midst of all this stuff, you know, and at one point when we first met the mom You know and they're from South Africa so they have that deep accent. So we're walking around and there was that what was it turkey John John the dick thing and we the pig John The Turk I mean he gives some regular names like their people but all of a sudden you look around and there's animals coming out and so John is his giant Butterball turkey like this thing looks primed and ready for Thanksgiving dinner. I was like Rob if we come back up in a few months. Let me tell you I maybe we can sit down for a family fees with bro galante, but this thing Waddling around and it wouldn't leave I have followed us the until I was on into the area for the park. I thought John was going to join us for the podcast. I was going to put him on the mic. So it got to the point where I didn't know why this turkey was following us around the whole time. So I was you know, it was kind of freaking me out. It had this big flap of skin near its beak. And so, you know, I want to ask like, you know kind of a scientific cool question to which I couldn't do so I said I said I said Force what's the flap of skin that goes on the Because you know the turkey what does that used for thinking maybe it's a win flap or something. He goes. Well, you know, it's pretty simple. It enlarges when it gets excited and then it almost like whoa, why don't you did not agree on Turkey was not so interesting was that Holy enflamed this it was following us like it was ready. I kept hiding behind Forest. Yeah, so I didn't understand either why was following us around until after when we met his mom and this thing was coming up near me and I'm ready to kick it because I'm getting freaked out. And the mom from The Corner she looks over and she goes. Oh Boys Don't Mind John. It's a courting season. He's a little frisky. I look at this thing the turkeys a fucking coming up to my leg is like this thing is gonna fucking a hump me as I'm running. It was like ass perfect South was an African accent that she's so so eloquently to like all teensies hoarding season, you know, like Mating Season John the Butterball is coming in. For a fresh round. I really good turkey impression to be there just bizarre creatures, you know, like there's are absolutely freakish. Just I just was always so skeptical of where John was, even when we were recording the podcast. I didn't know where John was and when she told us it's courting season. Then I kept my distance after that. I kept running around to broga force galante and hiding behind him. Well at first I thought Was like aggressive like it was going to attack us, but then when I found out it's cording season or as the average Layman would call it Mating Season then then I was like on my guard because I was like, okay it's worse than its aggressive. If you could do the impression of his mom watching us from the top roof or whatever. It was. I don't know, you know the weather they hunt from that thing but looking down on the driveway and Brandon with bro Bibles back in the car up and she's trying to tell us to watch. Oh, yeah. We almost ran the Turkey over and the Tortoise She's like, yeah tortoise and he has two tortoises into big big Goliath and things and they're called Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger these tortoises for you father's out there and you're going to see it. I don't want to give away too much have the most incredible view of Santa Barbara for where these two tortoises are. They are looking down or crushing the game. Oh, I mean they are just feeding them hibiscus flowers daily yelling out as you know, watch out for the turkey to that to that action. It's so good. You know, it's I don't know if it's a South African. It sounds like you feeling watch out boys. This is a John is just behind the Wrangler and I was like, oh my God, man that was a scene and a half to the point where we drove back and for like half an hour. I was kind of still trying to process everything but you know, I have problems right now going down to pet a dog. I don't if someone offered you that place and was like Rob will let you stay there rent-free for like a year. Here, but you have to live amongst all those animals. There's snakes in there. There's iguanas. I mean would you do it there is zero chance and I mean I'm being on there's no chance. I was on edge. I was on edge all time. There was a time where he surprises me with the snake, which is my biggest fear. There is sweat dripping out of my Fedora. I were you are you're freaking out a little bit. I was a mess, but it folks it is just a hell of an episode. I can't wait for it to drop. I can't thank for his galante enough this guy. He's a professional and a nicer guy. You will never meet he's he I mean he's just so caring such a great hos, you know judge if it actually segues perfectly because yes, he is a nice guy. I think we have a guy that may be just as nice. If not nicer. We told you folks last week that we are doing anything called the international carpool, which is something we'd be doing for of our Friends that love to golf one from Vancouver Canada one from Germany another one from Canada Toronto and me from New Jersey where I think everything west of New Jersey is California. Yeah, so it's a bit of a crew. And with that being said, we're going to welcome in the big fella to the show the big German cold cuts. Come on over to this side make them feel welcome. It is Das Rob the big fella called cats getting all wired up here cold cuts gonna need a mic there - Rob welcome to the show does I don't have any think I've seen you on with anything less than three layers. Well unless it's on the course. Yeah, sometimes, you know In the Heat of the summer, you know, nice shorts and a great polar will do but you know, otherwise I'd like to dress up once in a while, you know dressed to the nines and and we've Call me cold cuts - Rob and and the Big Maple who was the fourth member of our International carpool. We all met through the hotel my question for you. You working in the hotel now, would you say you're the best-dressed employee at the hotel? Oh hands down now he is nice but not modest, you know, there's a little bit of humble there, but when it comes to addressing and everything, I know what I'm doing, you know, so And of course I saw I saw a last last episode where you had interviewed cuts on NS, you know, he was there with the suit and he said, you know asking your crew and everybody is like have you ever seen anybody coming, you know this nicely dressed to the podcast and said what challenge accepted the invite artists like I want to be on the project. I need to Trump Cuts I mean and and he you know, I brought my game to who does to you. Yeah. Absolutely, right? My suit game is pretty good. I definitely highly Denise the secretary probably has No idea what the fuck is going on the Fortune 500 company about to make a massive DIY around the only one who knows what dr. Foods coming in with we got doctor Foo coming on later in the show. That's my question for you. Do you remember how we got the international carpool started? I do. Yeah, so it's that triggered my memory, but it must have been lost year. It was definitely last year, but it was it was during NBA - because I remember like the first time we kind of went out we actually went to a bar afterwards with cuts myself the Big Maple and watched I think game six or five should wrap dress doesn't Warriors, you know, and obviously me having lived in Toronto Eric being from Toronto and cuts, you know Canadian fellow absolute word schieffelin vendors, but going back to your question, obviously so Eric and I hadn't been out playing for a while. So we said look, you know, it was a Tuesday, I think. I say we need to get out absolutely. Let me let me see who I can get so we get a nice for some because we want to avoid having strangers wrangling with us because we were going out the night before your slightly hungover. You don't want to meet and do small talk with with strangers. You just be amongst yourselves and have a good time. So enough said he said yeah, let me reach out to Joseph Dan mod did great guy. I didn't know who he was at that time. I said, yeah you and me him and then I maybe get one of my servers so long and behold the next day we all Up at Rancho and then there was a slight misunderstanding and which kind of you know made so great because Eric said yeah, I'm going to bring Rob and cuts on What's your deal? Which is me that's understood bring-bring Rob as a new Robbie Burger because I did all kinds of rock. Obviously. We didn't know each other we heard of each other rightly, but you know, so that was that miscommunication. So we had that fifth wheel with us which which Eric brought that Pete guy or whatever he ended up being A disaster he was master driver. Well, look, I don't mind. Yeah, I'm not a good enough golfer to where I care about somebody using my clubs. I really don't but this kid was taken out 6-iron 7 irons drivers just add a whip and would just take it and just hack away at it. So finally he was this kid was being so damn am not just next thing, you know, he takes my driver on like 10 or 11. You like sliced it down the other Fairway or right and I think he just kind of blacked out and forgot whose driver. He was using started smashing. Yeah and just start tomahawk in this fucking I looked right over you and I was like, oh, have you ever seen me so pissed but you you kept your composure together. What's this word? I think you were just a fraction away from boil. I was on the edge and I think and you turn to me and I said listen, I just met you but Is this guy for real? What do you think of the situation is that you have if it was me, I would have introduced him to my knowledge no respect for other people's property. And yes, you were kind enough to loan him your stuff. And then this is how he treats you. I mean, come on, that wasn't but yeah, I'll is to say Pete never made it to another for some. Yeah. I didn't know it was because he must have fifth wheel to begin with but then you know just to to to go on how to do couple came. Other than the two of you were kind enough to take me out a few times. We had a threesome which sounded a bit wrong right now, but we do need Pete after all that's a different story. No, but then Eric happened to to be off the same times as we were and then for a few Mondays in a row during the summer months, we all got together and that was was a stable and the big thing of it that we do we go and we Joseph takes the car and we actually do it. Arbol to we pick each person up and we videotape each person waiting outside with their clubs. We all pick them up and then we head over to the course. Yeah, but I think yeah that stems from from Cuts because him and I would just the two of us played ones and you know, obviously the German as I'm being standing outside ready to go and I think one time the two of you came he said in take the video hate the video I bet you he is already Bad Guys, by the way, you will not meet a more punctual. Human being then Rob laughs Rob. I mean not this roud this wiring careful. Very careful with this guy. I'll be like, okay, did you know we're playing at 8 a.m. This guy wants to hit the links at 6:45. He wants to Terry time for that. And so we'll pull up at 7:30 and he's kind of annoyed because he knows we're going to be hidden the you know, the course right on with maybe five minutes to spare, but I know that he's been out there waiting for 25 minutes because he'll be texting me. Let me ask you. Something is that that punctuality. I wish it was an American thing. I don't think it is. It should be is that like a German thing to be that on time if I go to Germany and book a tee time you better be on time or you better be on time. So in Germany is the saying that leads perfectly for our game show coming up here, but in Germany, there's a saying so if you're on time you're already too late. I like so if you if you you know, let if you're two hours in a row, you're actually only an hour. Oh that's that's what they say. So, you know just like today you asked me to be here at 10:00. So I'm of course. I'm going to be here 955 the latest. I mean, I would have loved to be your 9:45 950 but 55 the latest what would be on 10 that's too late for my standards. Obviously. That's how if I may and I probably should know the answer to this. How long have you been in the state's total? States border states like u.s. Yeah, two and a half years came October 2017, but before lived in Toronto for five, so all-in-all North America seven and a half years now and how the difference between Germany and America do you do is it a tough adjustment? Do you like it was the I had a good had a good introduction through Canada Toronto, which was great. But yeah, of course the difference is I mean, I have to go with the same as as cuts. Universal healthcare one of the one of the things which is like you come here. I never had to deal with something like that. It's like you have to you have to be aware of what kind of insurance is you get and everything back home you go to the doctor all sorted. The other thing is in Europe, especially Germany a bit more straightforward not so much behind the bush. So if I want to tell you how it is, I will but I've learned over the years especially during the work and being in Hospitality you have Have to kind of rein it in a bit Yeah, so instead of taking the 9-iron to Pete's head you still there and kind of get your tongue a little bit kind of, you know, take take a deep breath. So that's we we we got something pretty special that me and cold cuts Bring it on Bring it on Bring what isn't that for you what we want to do to compare the difference between Germany and the United States and to get kind of your feel on each thing we prepare to game. Okay called vas e Spezza no, no vas is better fast is spits Yeah. Well, yeah. No, there's no lesson there. What is better it moccasin versus Besa versus bestie special. Yeah, which means what? What is bad what is better? What is better? So we're going to cue the game show music. Now, this is Das Rob playing vs e spezza the first question you're going to tell us whether you like the Fatherland more or the you United State States more for the in particular topic. Okay. Okay. I was afraid you ask me what is better, but no no, we know nothing. Thank you. Thank you Justin the particular item that okay. That's fair game question here on vas a spezza Das what is better fast food in the Fatherland or fast food in the United States Aussie Spencer? See that's that's a bit of a tough one. I'm not a big fast food guy. But being that that most fast food chains originated in the US and you know, the first time I was introduced to that whole concept was coming over from America, which was McDonald's actually my first time I had fast food I was 14, but that's a different story big backdrop here folks. So it is the u.s. I must say wow food fast food is us. All right. One that that okay one for the state's. They're moving on on Vash e spezza, Das what is better? Porn in the Fatherland or porn in the states Voss. He's better see that's a tough one because it's just I can't speak of experience. It's just it's just here say, you know, here's Dave. Yeah, but from what I've heard from other people, you know and being California is is the capital of porn in. Is that true? Well, yeah what especially La I mean most like eighty percent of the worldwide. Porn stuff being distributed is coming out of California. Especially La hearsay, obviously a lot of heat, but in this case us as well, there's States and another one and another one on the board for the state's there now big disadvantage for the states and the question coming up here. Don't let that sway your answer. Next question here on vas is e spezza. What has the better be? Here the Fatherland or the United States Voss. He specifies what come on guys, it's Germany. I mean the stuff you called be wrist. So I take a German beer put three gallons of water to it. And this is what you sell his beer. So, I mean, it's know what's your favorite German beer then my favorite German beer is agustina helles. It's kind of a it's kind of a pretty large. And where do we do they have on Amazon. Where do they have that? I actually actually next to the Honor Bar. They have some great beers. I think you might be able to get it there interesting. Yeah do a German beer night a week of October food that yeah. I found a grade. I found a great restaurant. I think you as well closer to East Lake. I think he would tell you later Silver Lake. Sorry. Yeah, and I found some is some as well which is close to Tarantino's movie theater just around the corner because before for we want to join here we come. Yeah, but before we went go once upon a time in Hollywood, we had a few brews and found that really nice German place and they have that beer there for sure. So so we should make a thing out of it. But of course and Jeremy Germany wins by a lens I come on that's that question was a German e-portfolio for a little bit. So - the deciding factor here the last question here on everybody's favorite game vas eats Pizza Folks don't you dare leave a stay right there. Just a brief moment to let you know that if you want to go podcasting you got a voice that people want to hear you can do. So on the anchor app. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started back to the show we go. Grace I did it again. What did I do cut my nuts with another shitty razor. Those are the screens. I used to make when I would cut myself shaving before I knew about manscaped. Thank you, manscape for turning my loud shrieks in the multiple Peaks the manscaped engineering team spent 18 months perfecting the greatest ball hair trimmer ever create and just release the new and improved lawn mower 3.0. So with one guy with a set of balls to Guy with the set of balls take care of your balls use manscape today getting 20% off all manscaped doors when you use promo code Bobby balls. Yes, Bobby balls get you 20% off all manscaped order today. Take care of your nuts today. What is better Hospitality in the Fatherland or Hospitality in the United States, Das Voss is better. I must I must say it's the Fatherland we put it put it for the simple reason though because a lot of you know Germany, especially Germany Austria and Switzerland are known for their Hospitality Hospitality schools. And a lot of people I mean Cuts yourself your product of Switzerland in terms of where you learned your craft and then we bring that over here and in at that that that Classic Touch to it, I mean, you know overall in terms of quantity. Yes u.s. Is better but quality and this is where we operate in luxury Hospitality Fatherland. I must give it to it. So unfortunately your history you have to ask another question because as far as I remember we are hard time. Right now and Wate, I breaker. Yes on Vash eats spezza. I think you're saying that wrong but definitely could become so to speak after me bus bus, that's not normal east east Besa. That's better. No, no better faster better better. Yeah last he's better. Yeah, perfect. What should have done that on this pizza is actually going to go to Tyler on the ones and twos of the vocals guts and I live the mic. The last question here whose suit Tyler are you're taking we're going to go Fashion on what you prefer the motherland or the states. Are we going suit wise Joey cold cuts or are we going suit wise Das Rob for a Tuesday afternoon. Do we have to stand up just to show the whole ensemble bit better or can you could you have a good feel for the assemble here? I have a pretty good feel here and I like The cold cuts Linens here the Pitbull you're going with my boss, but you know what? I'm really liking the color scheme with the German over there getting interesting here and I think I'm gonna go with the Homeland over there the Fatherland. Yeah there they are. Thank you Tyler. Thank you. Thank you now moving right on here Dusty. I know you so we actually have a 6:00 a.m. Tee time that you booked tomorrow for. NASCAR book, is it is it dark at 6 a.m. When I mean I haven't been are we gonna be able to see the ball? And are you waking up these days? I mean like seven eight o'clock well, but that's a different Stratosphere what it seems like it no. No, we will be able to see I mean what we are beginning of March. Yeah, I think sun goes up but like five twenty or so we good week has your back. Okay, whoa, you know fun. That you see that I did a little bit of hurting to myself. So I pulled something last week. So that's why I wasn't able to go when the when the orange suit came out. I would have loved to be part of that one, but that's another story. But yeah, no. No, I pulled the pulled something in my back. It's going to be fine for tomorrow. I hope because I really want to make that tea time. But yeah, the last week was feeling like an 80 year old. I must say so - it's not a even a matter of hoping it's After the fact that it will be better. Why do I say that? It will be better bring it on. I'd like to introduce you to one of the best doctors known to Men He specializes in acupuncture folks. Welcome to the show. I'd like to welcome you Doctor Foo. Welcome to the big stage. Let's get the young man a headset their doctors one on the side. I think do you want a headset doc? Are you going no headset? Welcome to the show coming in hot with this scrubs absolutely love that now for those of you folks listening. I had doctor Foo come to my house to work on my back. I was having back issues. None - Doctor Foo comes walking in in a matter of 10 minutes. I didn't even know I had it back. I saw part of your story. So I was wondering actually so that's why I would have asked, you know, I'm this down so fast, dr. Fool. If you don't mind I'm going to go and just read off just a couple things off your resume here. Okay, dr. Food the vice secretary-general of traditional Chinese medicine a two-time Tai Chi and Hi Chi, push world champion dean of the American Institute of martial arts and Integrative Medicine winner of the 4th World Integrated Medical Congress. Stanford's best clinical effect expert award. Dr. The question. We all want to know with that being said do you think Pete Rose belongs in the Hall of Fame? Yes, very small space in studio, but I will try the use different way can help him even I don't use DDOS first now don't be swinging the club because the like him this lower back problem in the Chinese the Meridian we have the special Meridian that point everybody can learn in this like in your hands. Here with who and three-finger this your neck. Now. Does this your chest and this your lower back? If you have lower back problems, if you if I press here, then you neither will feel better. Right? You want me to try it? Well, and now we definitely like I mean - if you're okay, I will you be able to work through the triple breasted suit on the couch while I go take my jacket off. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think so first you my mind I even because he were very Eli's suit, it's better than hymns. I'm sorry. Because my father used to follow my father's ditching for follow. My father's teacher. Very famous. He's a martial artist used to the search the generation with Chinese martial arts chairman the Martial Arts Association chair and you were black belt, correct? Yeah. I am the black bear. That's my history. But I follow my father and my father photo his teacher that's teacher. It's very famous and he built up the with the martial arts and the mix with Chinese medicine action is that's one kind of Chinese tradition. So what kind of goes hand in hand? Yeah, basically if we want the business better with regular break somebody's upon then we fix it that's made business interesting bit of a Monopoly Monopoly. Dr. Foose got going on. He's got martial arts and Medicine we need him in China taking care of the coronavirus doctor doctor futon on a on a lighter note if you wanted to put Joey Gold cuts to sleep. How like how fast would it take you is One shop and he's down. Oh you if you want to break him down that so you did that's a lot of technique that should a guy like - Rob I mean, obviously you don't have your equipment and all the work with what do you do to fix the guys, but I don't know what you did to me. I don't know what you were doing. It was fixed. Okay your problem that they because the in your home. Then you lay down on the bed. If we have paid I kept doing the same with him, but even here maybe maybe I can't ride because honestly for my this level if I want to fix in a kind of pain, we have the a lot of different way example, like the like I showed everybody if you have lower your hand doc. Reporter, this is good knowledge. This is for your neck if you have neck pain. Yeah, okay. Good Mike awareness though, doc me would it make the adjustment way to make the adjustment? Basically, this is for the neck if you everybody have some Next Issue right now almost 95% even 99% people have problem because really this to point that can release your neck quickly. Yeah, you try it. You press on it. You have to make it here pain then move your head a little bit. That's work. That's in the rigorous is why? Okay, sick on the it's a chest this you see the shirt and for yeah the for his lower back is here if when I press out he will painful do you feel pain when my hand but not So white cop said I always need obviously need the second first t-shirt just because we are rushing to the firstly really got to be on time tomorrow. It's ridiculous. All right, here we go. So, this is Doctor Foo, he's gonna give - Rob here. Okay stand up doing few times. Okay, but yeah, yes good like this. Don't get caught a virus, right? Do you have mass we need some of those believe it or not? Coronavirus. Yeah, the mass and this regular mask. They still help with fly the celebrity or the infection to yeah. So this is I bring few that you guys wear and if you want to because coughed on the in fact him, you know, the coronavirus free Studio after you do do the back after you give them a new back. I know you wanted to eat you have some knowledge on coronavirus. I want I got a couple questions. Oh sure. I get a shit. That's definitely because of corridor. A virus that Iraq had poked more detail, but I have few exercise Camp attacked everybody told so let's give that a new back and then let's talk coronavirus today are dr. Russo doctor. I got it. I want to ask you a quick question about coronavirus. And I know you have a lot of knowledge on it what we have all to put the mask. Oh, no does. Yeah. I mean we might as well set the mood here that what what what does the Quran? Virus stem from okay watch him. He's that's a weight where the max it's wrong. So I want to First teach you how to wear the max is everybody's doing it through the airports. Now you want to demonstrate on me. Yeah. I want damaged tree and me on your side. You'll see everybody have to see which counts give me one of them. Yes. Give me the bottom the one that's the profession. You have to know first thing. You need to find it you need. To find it the which side it's outside right because of this regular this in the outside and also they have the smooth side. They have smooth side. They have this side, right? So tan, the matter color most important is this rigorous outside and how to wear it. You need no up and down which side is up here. I have the steel inside that's is up. You hear that you got that cut. Mine is different. He's a professional you Better yeah, that's the one. Dr. Phil actually should have probably put first you have then you do this the poor up and put on then this the steel can make the very close to your lows. And now that info match that this fool, right? What what what do these prevent? What what's you know, you see it in the airport all the time. My question is a how did the coronavirus start and B. Is there any way to prevent it? Okay. The coronavirus until now don't have the any herbal medicine can fix it. So most important is you know, how care transferred to you. How can the in fact you so coronavirus hours most from the fly saliva, in fact, right? And secondly, it's a one-way touch him when his touch the nose or eyes something then you come back touch your nose or eyes then. We'll get trouble I'm struggling. So it's a contact. In fact other side. You have the inside out but - but doctor there's people who state that you should be more concerned about as cold cuts continues to struggle with my odds are on cold cuts have in Corona as we speak the way ice but I do need you. Yes from Batman right now. That seems a lot of people do that's why I teach everybody where the max because I saw a lot of people where Max but they were the wrong way, but they were the opposite sides activist have to be outside the question. I really wanted to know because it's a big controversy. Some people say you should worry more about the regular flu than Corona. That's definitely that's Haru definite because regular the fruit every year kill a lot of people, you know American, but that's only the person It is a zero point one person people will die. But the Corolla virus right now in China research about the two of us two to four percent people will die from the corridor virus if you like if you get it if you get and what are the odds right now on you get what was somebody in the United States? What are the odds on somebody in the United States getting at the point where it's at right now right now? I feel American. They not doing very well for protect people. Don't get it. Why because as I am clearly exhibit exhibiting right now knowing how to put a mask on right? We causa Z right lousy just the beginning pay attention because Washington and Orange County and the San Francisco and Santa Clara, they just put the stay of Emergency the just beginning they should put this long time ago protect everybody because because People don't pay attention and the were so American just let people if you come back from traveling you just buy yourself the isolate the in your home and allow faucet this kind of people if you don't have food or he don't have any sense, how can he's alive? He's in the home. So he have to go out to the by somebody all those moment to touch the people now, there's clearly been casualties on it. So it takes it's hard to say that people are overreacting. Reacting but with the buzz that coronavirus has is it safe to say that it is a little bit of an over reaction or is it something to be very concerned about? I think the people long Deeds really over reaction until now it's still safe you American but it is very tender position right now already. It's a need very careful, right? So everybody have to wash your hands and the try if you get sick people Of to wear to Max right? That's his the most I mean, if you go into the airport's right now Cuts you look like Daffy Duck Cuts. You were just in the airport right one. This is a right ones and a 95 is a professional for the coronavirus one kind of not only only this one kind but you know, what's amazing though in all seriousness. If you go to the airport right now, I would say it's about a four to one ratio at people that do have the masks on. You think so eat it up there. No doubt about it. I mean if you go through the airport people have these masks on left and right what a scene that must be I did you see to like Costco now people are stocking up on rice and water and bread and Doc is that something we should be doing? So we don't have to leave the the premises of our apartment for your personal me. I will see because we don't know all the situation because the even you don't really know it so you better read it. Little bit at least emergency food and water or something for your family. And also you really need if you buy yourself in any cough and is a something you need to really isolate your in your home. Don't go to infect more people. That's more important. Yeah. Dr. Phil, I gotta tell you or an absolute Beauty you really are you have totally healed my back - Rob is almost guaranteed to be swinging the golf club tomorrow. So yeah, I want to thank big, you know the big German Das Rob for joining the show. I want to thank Joey cold cuts as always for joining the show Doctor Foo. Thank you for joining the show before you go. I know you're a man a shout outs. We recorded video after video in my living room. Go ahead and plug any phone number you want to plug where can we find you stages yours plug away phone number email, whatever it may be. How do we get ahold? Old of doctor Foo honestly, I'm busy but you guys you guys are trying to pack some use a six two six, two one five three three five three. I will try my best.