Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast.And someone I have followed on social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He was an Olympic torch Bearer in the London Olympics in 2012 as recognition for the money. He has raised for charity. He has to this present day raised over 100,000 pounds for charity over the years. He has completed some crazy runs during his time of running to name. Just a few this includes the hundred forty five mile Grand Union Canal race 145 Cut it in Avon Canal race and the 130-mile Leeds Liverpool Canal race, achieving the Grand Canal slam his also Run 100 miles from Cardiff to aberystwyth 250 miles across Iceland completed two hundred and seventy mile double crossing of the famous badwater Marathon route in Death Valley. He went on then to complete the bad water. Once we five last year. The toughest first foot race. There is the Holy Grail of ultra running and he ran One two thousand miles across America from Boston to Austin 75 days of running and this was his fist ultra-marathon something. He has brother and a friend organize themselves. And where did all this running love start back in Nephi half marathon in Wales, which was actually one of my first half marathons. Reese is the race director of Pegasus Ultra Runnin endurance events based in my glorious home country of Wales, he and her and his wife other race directors. And one thing they Pride themselves on is that they have no cutoff times something which I love and just speaks volume volumes of who recess as a person. He is such a lovely guy. He has so much time for everyone and he's a credit to the ultra running and running Community without further delay. Here is the chat between me and Reese Jenkins Hello and welcome to another episode of the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for taking the time to listen today, especially as you could be listened to any of the 850,000 podcasts out there. Yes, there are now over 850,000 podcasts out there as of January 2020 and according to the podcast insights. This is thousand more than they were recorded back in June 2018. This is insane. Just how much podcasts are growing and how many are now out there and I can't thank you guys enough for taking the time to listen to this podcast and to connect together as a community many of you regular listeners will already know but some of you may not so I've had some really exciting news recently the not another Runner podcast has been shortlisted for the running order. The podcast has been shortlisted and a vlog pod and blog and this is so exciting. So the run an awards didn't have a category specific to podcasts and such last year. This is a new category and it's brilliant that there is now a separate category aside from the professional and personal blocks having only set up the podcast in June last year, June 2019. I am amazed that the podcast has been received so well by you guys as listeners and within the running Community as a whole and to see the podcast listed amongst brilliant and well-established podcasts some of which I have spent the last couple of years listening to is honestly such a surreal feeling the biggest and main reason it is listed there is because of you guys who tune in weekly and take the time to listen to the episodes share them with others and take the time to message the guests and For each other the main aim of the podcast was to connect like-minded people through the power of podcast as I say within each episode and if it's one of the thing that I aim to do it is to encourage kindness and support within This brilliant community that is the running community. And so to continue to motivate and Inspire each other to get up and get going because you never regret going but you always regret not go in I am honestly so grateful to you as a listener and to you all that have recommended. To the podcast to fellow Runners friends and to family and people within your clubs and the support you show me for the podcast and over on Instagram is just amazing. So thank you because without your support the podcast would not grow as it has done and it would be extremely difficult to continue confirming new and exciting guests to bring you in the future. So if you do listen regularly, and if you have enjoyed the podcast or you recommended it to And all you have appreciated the guests and the content and you wish to vote you can do so via the running Awards and a bonus for you. If you place three votes for separate categories, you can obtain a running discount, which is brilliant. I'll put the link to the running towards site in the show notes, but a massive. Thank you to you. Hello and welcome to another episode of eat. Not another Runner podcast. Today's guest is a fellow Welshman, which is really exciting for me. I think this is the first fellow worst person on the podcast. So this is really exciting. Today's guest is research Jenkins an ultra runner from Cardiff and he's an ambassador for the CF Warriors and he has an incredible running and ultrarunning profile. I wouldn't be able to do it justice for an introduction, but I'm going to name just a couple of His crazy achievements. So we've got a couple of 145 mile races a hundred thirty-five mile race a crazy 2,000 miles across from huse. I think it was his turn to Boston Across America a race or a run rather across Iceland. This is just to name a few guys, honestly and the craziest one bad water 1 3 5 which Reese completed last year and just this weekend? And has discovered he'll be going back. Hello Ruth and welcome to the show Hello. Thank you for having me and thank you for the warm. Welcome. You are so welcome. I would say literally cannot do your running profile Justice really with with an introduction and to be honest when I was looking at it because I've heard you on a few other podcasts over the last few months probably as far back as a year, I think so. I've heard a lot about what You've been up to but I can't I genuinely can't remember everything you've done. You've had some crazy crazy runs and to think all of this started back in the Nestle half marathon. Yes, it did back in the west Wales basically in the middle of I think it's March time, isn't it there for now? There was no me February like forever in the warmer. No. Yeah. I just remembered that first experience of running a half marathon, and it's beautiful part of the world. Oh, but the weather was absolutely atrocious, but it planted the season. Yeah, it's led me on to other things. Now. That's sometimes a hard half marathon as well because you're quite a long you're right by the coast there and you get a lot of wins. So sometimes you it is quite difficult with the whether you that you get especially that time of year being the beginning of February. Yeah, you get absolutely or one way is fine, but the wind on your back then the other way that it in your face and you know, I Garden yeah, and they also comes with this year. It was supposed to be was it last week and no two weekends ago. We had Kira drained off. I guess you call it. It's obviously the right decision. There's this on the code so you can only imagine what people would have been in for ya. So for some of the listeners now who may not have heard of you. Could you just tell us a little bit about yourself and when you start started running, you know, what made you enter that half marathon in sniffly back in the day, right? And so yeah. Kris Jenkins enough Lads South Wales currently 32 years old and I got into running probably. Well. I went to a summer camp over in America and one of my best friends now. I met him over there at the summer camp and he introduced me to running not like I didn't know what running was beforehand, but in terms of actually going out and doing it was beautiful that we get up at like 6:00 in the morning. You'd be in the middle of Pennsylvania up in the hills and you'd be running around these beautiful Forest he trails and what happened the That summer ended up coming back to Wales. And I noticed that it had improved my my health and I was a massive team sports person. I think the way you put that so Rugby Football that was more my strong aspect in life and and notice that affect my actual performance in those Sports and from that point on They carried on running running and then obviously bit the bullet and went for Napoli in the February year and following summer and yeah finished it absolutely not. Kids ruins but had that desire to go a little bit further. So I ended up signing up to the Las Vegas my - and did that I was really naive and my approach to that. I didn't really I thought you'd be warm obviously if you're in Las Vegas, but it was in December times. It's absolutely freezing cold. So Turnt Up expecting like a nice weather and is absolutely better over there. But one thing I do remember from that race they had bands on every corner so you He's like distractions of just people coming out and I love the camaraderie and the people cheering you on. You know, who's really American an over-the-top pose absolutely fantastic and off that finished absolutely knackered again, but have that against burning desire or the unknown of wanted to go further and he'll lot of people sort of go all when I mention this next point, but we myself my best friends and my brother actually ended up agreeing to run across America 2,000 miles. Al's the following September I believe and we spent more time running it then we did planning it so you can imagine the left titty tell it when we turn there for the start point. We didn't really know what the hell were you doing, but that trip was 75 days long and it taught me everything I know today in terms of ultra running and sort of pushing the body what works what doesn't that changes over time eventually, but it really gave me the building block to go off it was 75 days. He's Relentless miles and I just remember finishing the first day sitting down in the shower with my head and my hands thinking what have I got myself into and got up the next day and put down another Marathon got up the next day but down in the mire of and the body the body broke the first six weeks but it broke so much that it can actually break anymore. And you saw that a weird curve if it was a graph it be a net words and that upward Trend should we say and we got stronger throughout the whole Adventure? I'm sure it was just if it was absolutely incredible and ever since that trip. I just wanting to do more for charity do more for adventure challenging some sort of test the limits of yeah, the human body that is absolutely insane. I'm trying to work out and when you did that Nestle half marathon and then you went on to do the the marathon in Las Vegas. What was the time between those two races and then the time between Las Vegas and doing the 2,000 miles Ryan and I say Terrible of my years but I believe it was nasty half an hour from once or twice and then wanted the marathon. So the following September after that March there's probably about what nine months in that December and then after that well that December to the following September is when we set off so, what's that December January February March April May June July August. They those months the only ones that stood between that and then we went out and Yeah lychee. Comes in at the deep end should we say what like, how did you hear about this to that? Did you did you make this up like yourselves? I'm trying to think it wasn't an organized event. Was it? Did you just do a random pick right we're going to do from Houston to Boston. Let's just do that. So the story goes and my best friend's Rusty Tolliver who the guy that got me into running and I messaged him saying that I want to do something adventurous. I want to test the body. I want to run on a go further and we he's already been planning a trip that he wanted to do and he sort of went. Well, I'm already looking at this and it was Boston to Austin. So he was living in Boston at time and he was looking to return home to Austin and he thought it'd be a cool thing to run home and 2,000 miles is you do but it's sort of it just fitting perfectly for what I wanted at the time as well and it was this third in something that we just couldn't resist we have to go for it. I got it wrong. Yes, sir. Boston to Austin that makes more sense. And I was reading out then I think I know this doesn't sound right Ryan is not Houston's Boston the Boston to Austin Sophia. Yes. No, it makes sense now, but how on Earth does one I know like you said, you know that boarded that your body broke down and it just couldn't break down anymore. And I have heard a lot of ultra Runners say this and in order to get stronger you kind of have to put the body through some incredible pieces, but how did you prepare for? Those two thousand miles like 75 days of running at least Marathon distance wasn't it? Yes a date on it was 2010. That was when we actually September 2010 is when we set off and in terms of training it was it wasn't nothing. It wasn't anything crazy. It was like five days a week. Maybe it was maybe six to seven miles each time. I wasn't putting in lots of distance that time I didn't really know what I was getting myself into so the naivety of it and sort of not knowing what was coming. So in terms of my prep in 2020 now and what the way I build it to race is completely different so that if you were to sort of those it honestly answer that question the prep was just literally not it's going out and running and there's nothing hidden, you know, we didn't know if we get there but that's part of a challenge really if you every time what's the point in doing it? Yeah, but genuinely do you think maybe you forgot some of the miles you must have done because 5 times like Six seven miles a week isn't a big distance. Is it like considering the distances you were going to be doing? No, not at all. It really wasn't if I'm thinking right there. I think first and it was with my brother. We ran about 20 miles maybe in one here and that would have been the first we run together apart from the marathon obviously, they'd run up on myself. But in terms of like training runs and stuff, it wasn't a lot. I guess she wanted to go into the challenges feeling as fresh as you wanted without. About any Ruiz and like I said, the first week six weeks absolutely soaked, but after that the body started getting stronger and it is supposed to be start off at a marathon the day and then by the end of it we were running for a 40 mile or so, I think one day and actually peaked and then rested runs 61 miles and it was on my dad 61st birthday. You know, we really it was yeah is incredible. That's cool. Yeah. Hey, I'm like, who do you think manage the best out of you? Rusty and Scott how like did you have like off days and then one of you would pick the the other two up no and it was a whole team effort, but now we had to support Cruz. Well Frankel John and a friend called Adam John was the SALT driver the support crew. Adam was the film maker and a good friend of mine. So they were always there in the background looking after us guiding Us in the right direction that in terms of running. We're all different strengths. We you can imagine if you if you running Eight hours a day seven hours a day. You only have to be a mile per hour slower than the other person that can really add up to a long time. So you although we ran it together. We weren't side by side the whole time. So we were all sort of separate along the side of this road sort of it was a team effort be also out there by yourself. So it was quite so low in the way. It did get lonely at times because all you had was music and some days you'd run with the other person if you're pacing and if you fight if you felt okay that day, but you had a lot of ups and downs mentally and physically I remember one time just So the Memphis Tennessee, I'd been overcompensating because I had a bit of a niggle in my chin and I don't know if you've ever had it by shin splints hit me like it was just like a train it literally just felt like it's not and that somebody taking a knife and rammed it into my shin and I remember going they literally I couldn't even walk. It was absolutely horrendous. So I actually spent I couldn't stop running. So the next two weeks I get up earlier than everybody else and I'd walk it. So by the time they were getting up I'd already walked 10 miles. Down the road. So then by the end of the day, it wasn't much of a wait for those guys when they were running past me. Wow. That's a huge commitment. Did you ever think a long? You know don't know 75 days or general. Actually. I don't know if we're gonna be able to make this within those first six weeks a lot of Wheels fell off and mentally it was really tough. You can see it among everybody. Obviously, Jon and Adam a fantastic. There are rocks route, but you can see my brother get an injury dressed. And injuries me getting injuries and then you'd feel like oh, right. Okay, it's never injury but it will heal. But then once that sealed something else would pop up so that you get a little knock back here and there but honestly did I ever think I'd quit. No it was a case of I have to get to Austin. I booked the flights. I'm quite tight like that. I definitely, you know, I don't want to pay any more money to get home. Yeah. Yeah, totally relate to that. Not quite on the same. They're all stable level, but I remember someone was saying to us. Saying to me last week, you know about when I was doing the London marathon and I was sick on several occasions. I've never felt so sick in all my life, but I still finished it was my first marathon and I said, yeah, but the thing is they were so many road closures. I actually didn't know how I'd get to the end up early. So it was a bit like well I might as well carry on because I need to get to the Finish Line either way feeling that this whether it's in the taxi or you know going all the way around London avoiding all the road closures or going through the race. Make something that really helped us with that approach. So we'd run we turned our weeks into eight days. So we'd run for seven days break on the air and that eight-day was always that it was that reward. You always have that to chase for so you have got seven days ago. I got six. I got five. I got four. I got three. I got to I got one. Oh, I got a day off. I can actually sit there and do nothing, but I just remember feeling those days. I absolutely knackered but I was in Bliss it was like I've deserved This rest that you know, it was just one of those moments in your life relate. Yeah. It's okay to stay still. Yeah. Did you get many people like passing by in in you know vehicles or I don't know whether they're cycling or running or you know passing you by and just being like what you up to because obviously you had a van following, you know, ya know we had the number of people that we see over Walker's out there maybe Runners because it wasn't a Across America is such like not the famous route of going all the way across it was our own. We say bespoke roots and but no we did say however that Travelers out there we solve lat. I remember seeing a gypsy family who would like to sort of migrating with their horses and carriages, which is pretty cool. We met a lot of Amish people in Pennsylvania and that sort of part of the country. We saw a lot of wildlife as well some remember we were coming into Wednesday and in the local pulled over and it and I'm not going to do an American accent because I'm terrible at it, but and he sort of warned us about an outcome, which is just on our side of the road and that we We should cross over the road to just be safe because they charge and people over there and me. I was Rusty at the time actually and we like okay. Yeah, that's a good idea will cross over the road crossed over the road headed up the road and the alkyd obviously moved on to our sides of the road to which he had like, oh my God, what do we do? But it was it was okay, then come anywhere near us, but they are absolutely huge when your close-up Road things and they're very intimidating, but we met a lot of people on that. This little name names. It's just like I can do that because we met a lot of people who absolutely incredible and the behold here all day if I was reeling them off. Yeah, how how were you guys when you when you finish like, you know, 2,000 miles across 75 days like did you take a considerable considerable amount of time off afterwards? No, we finished in Austin. It was fantastic is amazing from working at the summer camp. We made a number of friends from, Texas. Aces and a lot of people came out to see us the final day was it was just crazy. We people were driving to the finish line and we've sort still had like 20 miles to go with their passing this in their Vans are sort of beeping their horns. You know, it's one of those moments in your life is like this is awesome. Brilliant and no we finished the race. I think we had about a week left over in America flew back home. And then yeah, I did take it easy for a while because we finished end of November December. Can't remember the exact date you had Christmas. So what most people do It's Christmas you sort of you know indulge a little bit enjoy it and we'd obviously just run 2,000 miles. So we dolls a little bit too much I guess but as soon as that first scene is the new you kicked in. It was a case of what's next. What do I do next? And he's sort of he's sort of got itchy feet where you just trying to think of something to sort of you've gone for this amazing experience. But you want that feeling again and even if that feeling does suck for a long time, you know, getting to that finish line and knowing that you've achieved something like that. It's just incredible. It gives you a Hunger for More Yeah, absolutely. Unlike what was what was the next big challenge following the 2000 Mile Challenge where I did a number of things so I end up running my first time you admire. It was my own bespoke group from aberystwyth to Cardiff. I probably should have research that a little bit more as well because that was horrendous the hills towards the end or just insane and the red wasn't the greatest but I ask that we organized a team relay around the edge Wales. So here's my - six other people maybe seven we work in teams of two or three and we all got on the minibus and you'd imagine if it's me and yourself, I'd run for half an hour you run for half an hour. I don't half an hour you'd run for half an hour and then we'd have a massive break off all the other teams work through that cycle as well. And we went around the edge of Wales in that format. Who is it was incredible. We re so much money for charity. I think we raised just as much as we did across and running across America as we did going around Wales. It was amazing and it's a hell of a thing to see you. Homeland running speed you know? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely and you organize that yourselves did you? Yeah, I've got ya since a hankering then I love coming up with adventures and challenges which people haven't done before and that guy did a lot of my running off to Boston to Austin it was okay. What what can we do or something? What is crazy what is achievable and yeah getting other people involved to its own sort of opening their eyes to it. Because yeah, it's an amazing. Things to do and it's life-changing way as well. Yeah. Do you ever get worried about touching wood now potential injuries, you know running those two thousand miles in 75 days and your hundred mile race and on a hilly route and everything else that you've done and of these massive engine 3545 250 miles, you know, all of these. big major runs do you ever get worried about about injuries when you think about them but I don't think you can sort of way around for them to sort of think about tomorrow because then you let it dictate what you want to have a go at and you know, you do come across niggles pains and so on and search like the Boston to Austin thing over had a lot of injuries going throughout that whole journey, but the pattern of it was okay you get injured, but then you fix yourself you sort of go back to level 0 if you want to call it that But and the biggest injuries, I know I'm quite lucky with so far today again touching words that my injuries haven't really been too terrible or I don't think I've actually taken too much time off at all from running over the last ten years and that's an honest answer. Hmm. Yeah, which is brilliant. That's like very very fortunate. And yeah, but what did you enjoy during that two thousand mile run across the worst one by far was the shin splints? Who's Nick, you know, Mike My calf was and my foot would just all the same size. It was horrendous my buddy Rusty had shin splints as well. And I don't know if you've seen it, but you get a bubble on your shin and it was driving him insane and what he did he took a pin and well and I never sorry I think and he massaged the bubble or whatever you want to call it. And it was this fluid just coming out the side of it and it's looking at like I hate needles anyway, so I was like almost like gagging at the side of the road in the support for you. Wallace is doing this but yeah shin splints is probably the most painful thing. I've gone through in terms of that trip alone. But if you had ever things as well weird sickness at one point where white who is this them? So in a place called Magnolia Arkansas, it was absolutely beautiful little town, you know is really quaint and it had a town hall and stuff and we stayed there one night and there was five of us on the journey and out of the five of us four of us got sick like really bad and they were up all night for being sick and and so visiting the toilet should we say and I was the lucky one where I wasn't sick and what we ended up doing we act we can run the next day because people were sick you just been winning how it wouldn't have happened that that way so we took the day off and unfortunately after that day everybody got better, but I got sick. So it was for people that got better and I then picked up the illness and because it was only me we sort of made the decision to sort. Carry on so I was having to run with this sickness for about I think we're up to about 30 miles a day at this point. I just remember running as the amar's and it was horrific. You haven't stopped every mile or so just to and yeah balance the body she will say gosh and you have to be so careful when that happens because you can make yourself really ill all the fluids and fuels and stuff to try and rehydrate yourself to keep going you can imagine No, because we've still new into our my whole running Adventure didn't really know all this at the time. So you sort of trying to take stuff on and learn it and you googling it because it's back in 2010 as well. So you haven't got a lot of information available to you. So you sort of trying to make do as you go in the long it taken by our light or something like that. Yeah, but it's just one of those things now if I had came across that I'd know how to deal with it a little bit better. Yeah. Yeah, and of course like you said, you know, you were totally new to me. That point and I do think like, you know going back to 2002 which quite a while back now and it isn't it isn't, you know, we still have the internet cetera, but I do think information wasn't as readily available and I think that nowadays we sometimes we have a little bit like information overload. But you know, we're taking in things all the time whether that be through social media through press or podcasting. I think a lot of information is given and learn through Podcast in sometimes we take on a little bit too much information. But definitely at that point, you know, you really would have had to have gone out of your way to understand and know you know, what is it you do during an ultra run. How do you keep yourself blah blah blah. Yeah, you know when I when I had the shin splints so you didn't really there was compression socks and so on such you could probably find the round, but because we're on the road every day, and we're moving and we're not in the main towns were sort of going from the little town. So that'll towns just because we weren't allowed to Roadrunner. Main roads of there for safety reasons, but hey, I remember having to go to the pharmacy and buy, you know the Sox you lying the deep vein thrombosis Ox. Yeah. It's by those deal with the shin splints and they actually worked but I got over the shin splints eventually. But yeah, I just remember then having never I didn't take them off the rest of the trip. I literally died wear them every day. Even when The Shins pants are gone. They were still going on my feet because I just I don't know it was it was just Me who is a safety measure? Yes, because you didn't want to have that pain again. Oh, I wouldn't wish it on my worst. Enemy. That's mad. So obviously back during that time, you know, it was all new to you. I still can't get over that you you've done a couple of half marathons then gone on to do the marathon in Las Vegas and then like, oh, yeah, let's let's do this 2,000 mile run as your next like big epic adventure for anyone listening though who may not have Ventured in the ultra running world. What would be your best tips or advice? If you know for them starting off if they're looking to do an ultra run? Yeah. No, I guess the first one don't compare yourself to somebody else because everybody's different everybody has a different capacities what they can deal with and I think the biggest mistakes I see people make is they'll see somebody running a hundred miles and go right I can get I should be doing that right away. It'll take a while to build up to her and you'd sort of You get these different atoms are layers of grip it's all determination or sort of mileage, you know, you build up to that point. You wouldn't go and lift really heavy weight straight away you build up to when you and when you put it into that perspective volts running. You do need to build up these distances. So not comparing yourself with other people and sort of finding your own path. And that I think is the mean everybody needs to do and that would be one of my main tips and little and often. So whatever is eating whether that is drinking whether that's stretching So something that I try to do I should do more of is stretching during these runs. So even when you're a checkpoint or you taking the minute to sit down on a bench at 3 a.m. In the morning in the middle of Slough, you take that moment to try and stretch the muscles back out and they genuine those genuinely help the body you sort of okay, it's broken, but you do give it that it's almost like a plaster your pop and over and in, you know, an ache or a pain so little and often when it comes to drinking and eating because obviously if you go out and eat a massive, Emile you're not really going to be able to run to efficiently or effectively and with the drinking as well. It's little and often little and often. It's just a way to make sure stuff is still going in your body like you touch the phone with the hydration side of things. I've seen so many people blow up from being dehydrated and it isn't something that you can you can manage you can manage quite easily as long as on top of it. Yeah. And in your your opinion then Reese, what do you think? It takes to become an ultra Runner? Oh God. Don't think onto the Minolta running now and my running style so weird. I don't know if you see me run but it's almost like a shuffle. So when you asking me about injuries, I do put a lot of own happiness our bonus bonus and other weird is on my running style. So it is very much a shuffle my feet barely leave the ground so you don't have that impact on your knees. So in touch with my injuries have been okay there and that now I've missed the point of the questions you have to repeat that. Yeah. I was asking In what do you think? It takes to become an ultra Runner? No, no and grit and determination the not being worried of the unknown. I think partly unknown is part of the journey as well. It's just something that comes along with alter running. Its I think every race I do I Come Away With It learning something new about my body and I think with ultra running in particular it's a case of paraffin you go out and you try to run as fast as possible. Don't you try to get around the course like London? Andy so what atrides it's a to a lot of people is if you'd actually take a bit more time and start of stopped at there's eight stations that they offer you do in London and sort of taking a minute or two to sort of take on more fluid off because I think that's something which sort of hampers a lot of people when they're running a marathon is they try to rush through the checkpoints when actually probably take a minute to just walk through them drink the drink and then carry on and you probably find you go faster over time. We've ultrarunning is you can go slow. Lower and actually end up going faster that makes sense because if you blow out early on you've got no, hope of making it to the end or you may make it to the end but you're going to Bunk all the way, you know. Yeah, that's that's the thing isn't it with was the even like Mars some distance and and Beyond it's it's taking it slow and and knowing knowing what you're capable of sometimes that's that's not easily something that we do know, but like you just said about bonking like that is probably the key to avoiding. Did that like you say not going out too fast? Because how often is it that runners go out too fast and Marathon or further and then you pay the price for the last half. You know what we've never play around the ultra running what you want me to class has an ultra Runner. I think every Ultra Runner or walk or somebody just wants to incredible distance is a sense of adventure because mainly these Ultra my friends are in absolutely beautiful places in the middle of nature, you know, you're doing something which not a lot of people have actually ever done and I think that's part of an ultra running as well and that sense of culture. Yeah, and it's definitely a great sense of community in the ultra running world. That's one thing. I feel like I see or notice like you say, you know, you're taking your time through the pit stops and and Aid stations or whatever. It may be you have to take your time in order to be able to continue to have the endurance to get get across the finish line. So, sometimes it can be a little bit more friendly because you will have to Stop, you're more likely to stop and maybe have a little quick quick chat to someone then if we're doing a marathon. No, you're right. It is the sense that the community is absolutely fantastic. I love it. It's unbelievable. Everybody's very supportive and no clean friendly, but even that you that's the runners and walkers, but also the people are Manning the checkpoints in some of these races are mainly just family events and everybody knows one another and it's just a lovely feeling when you're doing obviously in academe going to feel a bit crappy throughout but when you see these amazing people's thoughts that willing to stand out there and support you through these terrible conditions. It's just yeah, it's this community which I'm very proud to be part of. Yeah and speaking of which your the race director for we're going to get this right now. It is Pegasus. Is it Pegasus Ultra? Yes. Yes. You haven't named a competitor because I remember listening to something that I really really liked. And that was that there's no cutoff times. That's right. That's some people call it our USP know we don't have cut off times. It's simply because all of our races are pretty much on Trails. So unlike them under my roof and we don't have to abide to sort of closed room and stuff and you don't have tens of thousands of people running it you solving your hundreds out. There's not a lot of you and to be honest when you sort of pay to enter a race and then you spend months and months and months training to sort of do a race we At least owe it to you to wait around this sort of helping the you the best opportunity to get there. And one thing which we have seen is when you remove the added pressure of time people tend to enjoy a bit more. It's sort of, you know went rather than having to look at you talk all the time. You can turn around that she look at the scenery and it's something that we cut our fans we don't believe in and we don't have yeah. Well, I don't understand. Safety and whatnot. Yeah, we're compatible find the races that where can they go for your website? Yeah. I need to get this right now. So it's a pegasus ultrarunning.com. If you put Pegasus ultra running in to Facebook Instagram or Twitter, you'll also find this on there and yeah, we are yeah, it's you'll see the logos Pegasus symbol and it's quite and standout dish is it? Yeah. We're quite easily too easy to find when when did you set that up then dries? That was 2018 now, I believe and it was a cake is something that has been on the back burner for a while. It's been something which we've been thinking about it something I'd worked for another company previously in the event sector in terms of putting on all two runs and it was something where I wanted to Showcase Wales as a beautiful place to run because I genuinely believe it's up there with some of the best places in the world that we have blast with my man. And since you got the coastal path you got that after you got all these beautiful Rivers. It's genuinely are Move to the opportunity to run basically and whilst we me and my wife were driving through North Greece. So this is an insight into where the name actually came from. We were driving through like the Mount Olympus region. I'm sort of, you know, you stop this I'd stop this either older hotel for the night and you sort of start digging in you all do laughing. So learn a bit more about the region you're going through and you're talking about like Zeus and all these Greek gods and then we came across Pegasus and be like, that's a pretty cool. I won't symbol, but also a word for like it's in the nation. It's going further, isn't it is something which really resonated with the both of us. And yeah, that's where Pegasus or came from and that's you and your wife. That's at us. Yeah and my friend Rusty tolliver's again. He gets a lot of showers because he was heavily involved with it as well. Start its and yeah, that's amazing. Yeah love that when I did hear about the cough so I did so that was one thing I just loved right? We're going to talk about the big Use it on the weekend. So we're going to tie this in as well with last year. You completed bad water 1 3 5 now am I saying it correctly or do people pronounced in America? Is it bad? Well 235. I don't even know nailed it first time badwater 125. Yeah, it was. Okay kill sudden the toughest race on the planet. Yes, the Holy Grail of the ultra will ya you've got it. Yeah, it is absolutely Lee insane, I remember because I won when I first discovered run and then I watched a film by Billie young films, I don't know whether you've come across any of his view. He's incredible. He's amazing. So I watched Life in a Day and was introduced to western states which was like just epic and then after that I found myself in a rabbit hole of ultrarunning not that I am an ultra Runner myself because I'm not but very intrigued by the community in the race. Especially in America and one of them then was bad water a couple years later because I watched Charlie McRae prepare for it the Nike Ultra Trail Runner athlete. Yeah, so she must have done it. Was it last year when you were there? Oh, really? Yeah. I'm sure she was it and I wanted to ask did you by any chance happen to bump into her? But yeah, I've saw her train for it. And yeah, her training was pretty crazy. So so for you now living in Wales, how on Earth did you prepare for such an epic race and just explain to everyone we're this race is and how challenging it is. Yeah so bad water 1 3 5 and the toughest race on the planet The Race of Champions the Holy Grail the whole to running. It's something that's been on my radar for about 10 years. Genuinely. It was a 10-year Journey dream adventure to get there and it is a hundred fifty five mile run through the hottest. On Earth over three mountain ranges. It's unbelievable. It's yeah, it's very very tough. I remember reading that during that race. Some of the runners actually have to run on the white lines that are mapped. You know, they're like, you know, like on a road. You've got the white line in the middle of the road. Yes. Sometimes you have to run on that so that you're not running on the concrete because the concrete is so hot it can melt your shoes. I don't have one. I heard that I haven't come across that so I guess give you a little bit of background. So 2014. I actually went over there and run the route myself for charity. So back to they wanted to do these challenges and sort of take them off the list. And so I'll see you over the body could do it. So when out there off my own back and do the solo Crossing with one of my good friends, John he could be by himself and then return in 2015 with my brother and I think it was his wife and my father and ended up doing a double crossing. So when there and back and then 2016 went back over and did another solar cross in and then 2017 went back and did another solo Crossing never the official race. It was always just a charity instead of going out there and sort of enjoying it and putting the body through it. But never once have I sort of had my shoes bottom of my shoes mouth. The roads gets really really hot over there. You can only imagine but best best way to describe it is if you take Take your foot and put it in an oven. What's the first thing it's going to happen. It's going to start to swell up and blister. So your feet are very close to the road surface. I don't know if it makes a massive difference but a lot of people tend to use like hocus so they got really big platform. So it pushes your foot a little bit further away from the hot room surface. It's just absolutely insane crazy to know what though the fact that you'd sourced your own run out there. Done across in and you've been you went back and forth about what four times obviously really helped you with the application process and you know the first time around because to get into bad water is not an easy feat you have to have earned your spot really because there is I think is there only a hundred places and you have to have done like that you you can tell me because I'm not really sure but you have to actually put an application together. It's a bit like applying for a job and put in all your Achievements and how or why you should be considered. Is that correct? Yes. It's a guess. It's a whole holistic approach to an application process is something I look forward to every year. But I'm also one of the things that scares me the most and if you hear me my wife sit down for about two weeks when the application is actually open and take the time to sort of work our way through the questions and sort of making sure that we come I come across in the right manner. D myself just this really it if you've got the experience and you've been out then you put in the work and you sort of tipped off the criteria. So the criteria is is you need to run free 100 mile plus races basically and what I ended up doing in 2018 was taken on a series called the canals lamb and it was hundred forty five mile race from Birmingham to London a hundred forty five mile race from Bristol to London and then a hundred feet five mile race. From Liverpool to Leeds and those three races gave me my my criteria in terms of it might be able to apply and it was one of those races The Grand Union Canal from Birmingham to London, which was so you have to you have done one of their qualifying races as well because obviously you get different levels of 100 mile races. So not all of them are fair and they're not same so is the case of you need to do one off their designated list should we say, but then it's a case of right one of the things that they are few what you do to give back to running it. When I say the word holistic, it is an all-around. It's easy. It's not just about you running but also you as an individual. Hmm. That's what other question what are the sorts of questions. Do they ask along with me on the spot. Now, you should know this question quite that's quite cool that they ask you. You know, what you give back to the community and things like that. It does ask you when what you actually give how do you give back to the world of all let's start. Yeah, and it asks you if you're going to be running for a chair. Party over there. It's it's like I said, if you've done the work and you sort of put the effort in the application process is easy. Just need to make sure you come across and right way and do yourself Justice. Yeah. Yeah, that's really cool. So, you know when you did it last year, you know, like like you said this is it was literally a dream for I think it was 10 years. How many times have you applied before you got? The 2019 one no, and so what happened? Was it 2017 or 16? I can't remember. I played to the race and I got rejected quite rightly because I didn't have the experience. I hadn't gone out and run these official 100 mile races. I've done challenges, but you can say you've done something, you know, there's no backup so that in a way so they need to make sure that the people out there running so I got rejected but I did have a lovely email from the race director sort of explaining why. I've been rejected in the way and it was a case of yeah, it made complete sense to me. So we spent the next couple of years working on myself as an individual and that would be running and stuff. I do charity and sort of getting the qualifying races to be used to sort of at least put in an application because even being able to apply for the race for me is a massive thing in itself. Yeah, absolutely and you just said about you know raising money for charity. I mean, I'm pretty sure I don't know what the figure is but you hard raised over 50,000 pound was known. We had always liked me. But so it's over a hundred thousands of raised. There were since 2010 really. Wow, not and and as parities. Yeah, I was gonna say multiple Charities and because obviously you are an ambassador of for the CF Warriors. Yes. And so that was I was lucky enough to be the first-ever ambassador for that charity actually some my good buddy, Josh Llewellyn Jones. It's a hell of an ultra Elite athlete himself. He set up a charity which is it's called cystic fibrosis Warriors. And the idea is quite simple to get kids with CF do an exercise because it helps a lung capacity. So it's a fantastic initiative and charity and causes some of which I bought into. I'm lucky enough to be an ambassador for so that last two years I've spent running for those guys. wow, and a hundred thousand pounds multiple Charities is razy covid just stop and think like, oh my God, how have I even like how I achieved this you try and you try he sends up you just take a moment to step back and look at what you've done and then you sort of have a little research into what you raised over sin challenges and so on the search and it was yeah, I was flabbergasted that I raised over a hundred grand over 10 years, which is it's something I'm Extremely proud of and I think in terms of those lucky enough to be an Olympic torch Bearer as well so that yes, I had heard that does amazing a suit like no, honestly, that's that's just credit to you as a person and what you've achieved already and you're only 30 one thing though. I didn't keep forgetting. I'm 32. Yeah, that's crazy know that's you know that they exist is credit to you as a person and to you know, what you've achieved. And equally what you've done for Charities we've done for others and what you do for the bigger community. So yeah, it's credit to you. So the exciting news this weekend obviously was that you're going back to badwater next year, but not only that your Chief crewmember last year. Your brother is also going to be taking part in the race. Yes. Yeah is like I was when I saw Sateen X I was I was at home busy doing some work and I could see the live feed had come up and both of you had posted something I'd oh my God, this is insane. So both of you are going to have the experience and share that together like in the same year, which is pretty epic. Yes. Pretty cool. We'll both be separate Runners though. So you're only allowed you have to have one vehicle and for support group and obviously over that sort of distance and state chances of us running. That's the job of going to be very short. You know, it's okay. Case of yeah, we're both going out there for individual races. Yeah have our own experiences. But to know the other ones out there would be pretty cool. Yeah, exactly knowing that your you are out there as it is cool. Yes, just very very exciting. How will you both start to train for that? When when will you start so my trainings already started my training started through third week of January second week of January and wasn't for bad water. It was for my first So the year and that is in March now that's actually in North Carolina and it's a it is a bad water race. So it's 50 miles on the they call it the Beast coast along a beach basically 50 miles you imagine running on Sand. Oh my God. You didn't know it's called Cape Fear have a little look at this fantastic beautiful. Yes. It's going to be new for me this year, but it's part of the bad water Ultra cup. So I signed up to do Cape Fear 50. Tea and Salton Sea, which is a somebody Runner gases the best way to call it. So who's myself a new we run the whole distance together like 80 84 miles and like that and if One Drops Out the Oven drops out, you know, you need to get each other through it. Wow, that's amazing food race would be bad will be I was saying would be it until the Saturday but it will be well be yeah one three five, which is that shaped my whole year of running basically. Okay. Yeah, certainly. Bank, so you've got the one in March and that was the of trying to read my right in here. Now the Cape Fear and that's the one that's along the beach. Yes. It's on an area called Bald Head Island, and it's a conservation area. So it's then there's not a lot out and then you've got the Salton Sea where what month is that that is a that is April and we got bad water in July, but in between that I've got it to other things as well. So actually those three races they make up the bad water alter cup. So if I manage to complete all three, I'll actually be the first Welshman to have completed the bad water Ultra cup, which would be pretty cool. Yes, because you were the first Welshman who completed badwater 1 3 5 rent you yes, I know something. Yeah, it's yeah, it's fantastic. I love it something which will be with me forever. So that's amazing because so like With you only Welshman their last year, is that correct? I was the only Welshman, but there was also an English maneuver as well. And it really only two Brits. Okay, so technically speaking do we know I didn't hear the whole lineup. So obviously your brothers in it now this year so really you could be the second Welshman to have completed it. Yes. He's the only wild spin in the race this year. So yeah, he'll be the second and then I think there's a couple of other people going from the UK as well, which we got picked. Yeah, there's about six or seven of us. Maybe we should pretty cool. And what were the other two events you've got lined up now this year, right? And so in May time I've got I'm going back to run from booming and to London to the Grand Union Canal race is something which I love the canals. I love the canal races and they're run by a tight-knit group called The Canal racy. I see that lovely guys and it's a hundred forty-five miles, but it's just it's beautiful. It's really nice weekend. Difficult because trying to run along something which is so flat. The only Hill bridge is really it's difficult. But know that I'm going back to the early end of May and then in June and teaming up with a good friend of mine Dave Sinclair and you know Cardiff. Well, you know Carly, yeah. Okay. So doing 24 hours around rauf Park Lake, really? Yes. We've just going round and round and round around a just organizing it yourself or you You yes, well between us we're doing it for a charity called mind and commend fab. What date you doing that in June? That is the longest day of the year and I believe it is June 20th, June 20th. What is that? And when I'm in the wrong man some checking my calendar it will check in with that long won't leave it. I love to come up if you're doing that. Oh, please do or anybody else going to do some vials with you. Oh, please. We're gonna have a gazebo there and people would be able to relate or just run as much as they want. So I'm just putting on my calendar. Oh, that'd be brilliant. I've got a friend who lives in Cardiff she often runs around roof lake, so that would be cool. Awesome. Any company I can get would be greatly appreciated. Brilliant. Gosh, you've got a really really busy schedule. You know what my wife is actually sitting opposite me now and yeah Horizon though. Oh my God. It is a busy summer. She's because your wife's a runner as well. Isn't she my wife is the brains behind Pegasus? So I come up with the ideas and then she goes right. This is how it's going to work. So yeah, she then yeah, she loves us short running and she just loves being outside in The Great Outdoors perfect match then both of you. Yes. Yeah. She organizes a thing called repair Cafe wails. I don't know if you've come across that was it called repair repair Cafe Wales. it's basically a charity initiative where you can bring stuff along to these cafes and you get a fix of three and you're going to work for free you get it for free so mobile phone posters Hoover's cloves stuff like that it's not me fixing it for you because I'm terrible at stuff like that they are like experts who are giving up their time to sort of help it's brilliant because it saves you thrown out and it sort of helps the environment in the way as well that's pretty good where is where is repair Cafe based so it's all over whales actually we've got about thirty one thirty two cafes now so actually one closed in Phoenix come on Wilshire and if it is very sides okay oh yes very sad yeah that's nice and lovely and she's actually saying our fish guard as well so fish God that's like half an hour from me you go I want you to attend I'll go I'll go I'll go and attend and I'll take a snap so you can see the evidence I believe you met overly yeah Oh, that's really cool. I've written that so, uh, yeah really cool. But yeah definitely will let people know who are local with regards to that 24-hour event that you're going to do for charity that I mean how many sort of miles did you or must you have completed last year and the you looking to do this year because when you wouldn't look at what you've got written down on paper as a lot, it's a lot of miles. Yeah. I think it's Harley did. Training miles and events as well. And I think it was in the region of about 3,500 miles last year may be closed forever closer to 4000 is it is but you know what, it's one of those things when you're doing it you sort of enjoy it, you know, and you I didn't realize I'd run that much until I sort of looked at it and actually tried counting it. Yeah. Yeah spit like Strava would like combust. Well, yeah, I Terrible this Travis. I'm tracking it at the moment. But sometimes I just turn it off and I don't want to know it's just things I disappear for a while then I'll go back to it. And then at the moment I'm on it though. So yeah, I do find it quite useful when you can add your kit add the trainer's so I mean normally you can tell if your trainers need replace it. But yeah, sometimes it's quite nice to see how many miles those each choose of done at the sounds a bit geeky, but you've got to be you've I mean Has you be quite surprised. I remember going out for a run and thinking of all these shoes feel really worn down and like my knees feel funny. And I when I did check was it? Oh God, they've done loads more miles than I thought they'd done. You know what tire you get the same thing, but when they buy a new pair of shoes my legs ache for about two or three days when I've been running in them because it's the body re-balancing. Yeah. No, I totally understand what you're saying. Yeah, I've had that the last two weeks. Yeah. I think I think to be honest, I'll hold my hands up. Mine is definitely from a lack of movement and inability to move and lack of running an exercise in general. So I think it's not only the new shoes and Andrea Justin, especially after what we're in really worn down trainers. Also. Yeah that much the lack of movement in the last four months. Yeah, which hopefully will not be continuing for much longer. We can join me a rope. Back in June. Yes. Yeah, I really hope so. I'm supposed to yeah, I'm switching my coaching course in June. So fingers crossed fingers crossed. What what would you say is the toughest experience that you've endured during any endurance event where like think it was bad water because of the Heat and and whatnot. But if we got time for two if I give you yes, give us to right. Okay, so yeah bad 100% It's the toughest thing challenge I've done I'm sort of last year was fantastic. I managed to complete the race when I'd been over there previously with minimal support and just off your own back the really eye-opening experience where the side of the road about 40 miles in my body went into cramps and it wasn't like it was it started off of a cramp and then I just felt it shoots up the body and is it shot at the body? I did not mean to lie now and I literally cannot remember I don't know how long it was, but I just remember being woken up at the side of the road. By my support crew and must have happened close to the vehicle. And I think what happened was they came over? They didn't come over there right? Next me. Anyhow, and I woke up and I was sort of in this dirt in this hot place and I thought I was about to play football. I was like, where's the football and then looked around and it was not green. It's just sand and dust and then it's one of those things where garden and you know, I'm in one of the hottest places on Earth are Gods. I'm only 40 miles in 245 mile race. It's one of those points in my life where it You got worse and worse. And then the realization is you currently out in the middle of the hottest place on Earth and you got a lot of miles left to go and I just remember this all waking up here on my God. How am I going to get this done? But I I let you manage to take I think it took about half an hour 45 minutes break. That's did yourself off and managed to keep on going and managed to complete it and I didn't actually have any more cramps that whole year and through that Journey. It was one of those things with body almost accepted it it And cleanse the body of cramp by knocking me out. Yeah, just there. It was a horrific at the time and it's something that really it did worry me but I got through it in terms of an ultra endurance challenge. So back in fingers 2013, maybe 2012 myself and the group of friends we decided to do a cycling relay from Rome to Paris and we drove all the way down with this support vehicle. The idea was it and I'd cycle for a bit then you then someone else and so on the search and you just keep working in that cycle so we only had two bikes verse we had minimal kit and we went to start the challenge and before we start the challenge I think we'd raised about 500 pounds so we'd raise a bit but not wear anywhere near our goal and what happened was we went to the start line my friend was dressed in his cycling kit he's ready to go we set him off and we went back to support vehicle and it was one of those moments again in your life we like where's the sport vehicle new you in this foreign city you like parked on another Street girls were being silly here some of you will find it in a second we kept on walking we walked around for a while and then you sort of hit home gradually one by one that vehicle had been stolen I know and sort of it was a bank holiday weekend of all things and everywhere was closed or it was closing and everything just gradually got worse and the first thing we did was a where's a safe place to get to so we And to the airport, we got a taxi to the airport bus. I can't really remember that detail and ran home around homes my dad and he's like you're an idiot. You should have called me earlier. There's a tracker on the vehicle. I know right damn it and they got the these got the location of the band. So as you do you sort of I don't know you just want your stuff back. So we got in a taxi and went straight to this location. And there it was the van was parked. They had been covered up and they tried hiding it. Not very well because we could still see it and sort of they taken everything from this vehicle apart from what everything we had on at the time which would pretty much normal clothes apart from the one guy who was in cycling kit and he had the bike so they taken all our food supplies the step I get all gone, but they obviously kind thieves if there's such a thing because in the front of the car, they'd left a bin bag with our passports which you know, what the hell you've stolen all this stuff and you've been kind enough to leave. Passports, it was almost like they didn't want us in the country or something. Kiddo God and took food is well everything they it was just incredible. But what happened was we bring the charity in sort of explained that we all stuff it a lot and they put a post on social media and it is a local charity called for Luke and it was insane that should have donations just went around like a clock you'd update it every 30 seconds and they've been never hungry. Pound and never hundred pounds 75 pounds and by the end of that generation only a few hours we'd raised close to 10,000 pounds from people just literally like what the hell's happened to these guys people feeling sorry for us and it was one of those times when you sort of you saw the worst of humanity and the best in such a short time and with no excuses once all that money came in. We like I'm all bent on finishing this we're going to finish it somehow and what we ended up doing. We had the one bike. So we Still do the relay the other bike was only a backup to we say and we managed to complete the cycle, but we only had one bit cycling kit really. So we are sharing the whole kit for the duration which was absolutely disgusting. So you can imagine for are you going during this cycle and kit for a few days God not necessarily physically challenging but mentally insult back so much. That would be one of the testing those testing times as well. Gosh didn't realize people could be so evil. I know I guess they saw an opportunity didn't they? They saw a van full of amazing stuff and took it. It's not because they realize what you would do in like for charity do they just think you are off on an adventure? That's pretty harsh. We're both of us at the start just outside the colors see him and that we're all lined up and UHF this you know chapter be there red excited and little do we know in the background? We just being robbed and everything's been taken from us. it's nice that the charity helped you and you know people whipped around so you could get it all done it was fantastic and it like I said he didn't hit me we were both using there's no way we weren't doing it yeah and it kept you go in then all of a reason then to complete it exactly mean exactly yeah so you know two major events day that happened and one of which is you know a bad water physical you know that it's quite quite scary what happened you know you know being knocked out almost from from that pain physically what what do you attribute to you know your success to you know when you complete these crazy crazy runs and endurance events what do you attribute the success to you know what what keeps you motivated yeah a lot of things really I say a lot of things as a couple of things really every challenge I do I attach it to charity and in a way I guess it's the selfish reason because it gives you that reason for not giving up when times get tough and it gives you that connection it means you hold on that little bit longer till things get a little bit better yeah you want the charity you can raise money and awareness off the back of you know when you run across Death Valley the hottest place on Earth people you know they donate which is pretty cool and massive motivation in my life is my wife she's very inspirational and she's always there with me although she doesn't come to that fatty because she's not the best best flyer I know but she is always there and literally in the lead up to it she is on top in terms of like making sure the crew that coming out of me like rehearse on what to do as well yeah yeah that's a huge motivates me but in terms of actually getting it done as well that I'm not the fastest of Runners but I'd like to think I have a good layer of grit I think the right to MIT where I guess life is sort of over these last 10 years and sort of beyond that as well it's sort of taught me a lot of life lessons and you go through a lot of Don't you from it gives you another layer of sort of resilience and I think every ultrarunning or somebody that does it those have a layer of grit to them. Mmm. Yeah, definitely and I think there's obviously crazy grit that you've got massive, you know resilience to be able to do what you do and complete it but I'm really glad that you said what are your reasons was was charity and that that in like you described as I go almost selfish reason that You know you're able to do that and it keeps you going but I'm glad that you raised this point because I think sometimes as Runners we may think that we can't ask to raise money for charity because you're almost doing something that you love and that you practice on a weekly some for some people a daily basis. So to ask friends family loved ones for sponsorship for a charity when you're doing something that you love and perhaps don't find difficult, you know, I getting up and going for a run, but you put it so well. no yes okay you might be doing the exact events that perhaps you know maybe the average person isn't doing so in which case people are going to help you and sponsor you but I do think perhaps we should you know be able to feel like we can ask for sponsorship if we're raising money for charity I know a lot of people do shy away from it so I'm glad that you mentioned charity and raising money yeah it's something which is like I said I've attached it's every challenge I've done and it's surprising that keeping its I've got an amazing network of friends and family who support me on these things and it wouldn't be possible without them yeah okay so final question for you if you if you could hear anyone else on this podcast who who would it be that's that's a tricky one that's a very good one yeah famous anybody and so technically they've got to be still still live in a more amongst us because then it can kind of I can't I can't magic people back alive so like I like to ask get this question just out of curiosity and if someone names someone I could perhaps get in touch with connect with obviously the really Elite famous people I might not be able to do so but it is it's just nice to hear who other Runners think they'd love to hear from you know what all these like okay it's and stuff you hear of and you think they're like Ultra famous actually if you just drop them a message online then like you said you said it is it Community is amazing and that goes up to every level of Runner yes they're really open to talk and I'll show you an advice late last year was like not bombarded but I had messages of good luck from these Runners that I've always looked up to like a lady called me me on this and using incredible lady from you really yeah so if you were to get one person on the show if you could go after them I'd say a guy called Marshall all Rick Oh Rick is an American Chap and he's little over here. I don't know if a lot of people have heard of him, but he is mr. Death Valley himself is crossed by the bad water route more than anybody else and I think it's over 20 times. He's done that route, which is an incredible feat by himself like but he's done some amazing things and it's like the extend the sensor. It's has been to the top of Everest be circumnavigated around the Age of Death Valley National Park, so like the hottest place on Earth he went out and like berries water every 30 miles water cash and then went out and ran around the whole bloody place by himself and his body as well. The guy is just on a different level. He says unbelievable and he's inspired me to sort of go after things which you don't think we're possible. Yeah. Brilliant won't have to look into that and make sure I get that property from you're now in a minute - that was so well, she wasn't it a minute. Pardon, it was Lush Lush. Yeah, I was definitely Welsh and was thanks so much for your time today Reese. I really really appreciate it. And it was just amazing to hear about all your crazy crazy experiences. I'm sure all the listeners will have enjoyed if you just let them know where they can find you how they can connect with you and just a reminder with regards to where to find Pegasus ultrarunning. Yeah, of course so you can find me on Facebook Reese Jenkins. It's about the Welsh way I hate. Why is or Instagram? I am are jenko 11. And yeah, I'm on there. You can still follow me and see what I'm up to and day-to-day basis and then you got Pegasus so Pegasus ultrarunning. We're on Twitter Facebook and Instagram to can keep it up to date on what races we've got coming and charity challenges were doing yeah. We're social budge. So we shall we say fact definitely will want to sign up to one of those races when I'm Fit and Well, be cool well thank you very much for your time and I'll speak to you again soon thank you for having me you you're really welcome take care have a good one sir thank you guys so much for joining today and listening to not another Runner podcast please tell your friends and family who you think would enjoy the content I'll be sharing don't forget you can get in touch with me over on Instagram by a not another Runner let me know your thoughts on the podcast any suggestions on guests or topics this is greatly appreciated send me your questions through as well if you want and use the hashtag white I run to be featured and hey if you can't hit subscribe to the podcast this will really help me to be able to give you more thank again and remember when you get up and exercise or go for a run you've never regret going but you always regret not go in have a great week guys and speak soon