Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated.That's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words, Is a membership based research and advocacy organization working to expose and break the Stranglehold of corporate consolidation in our food and agricultural economy. He stepped away from ocm to found in lead a new group Family Farm action, which calls itself a progressive voice fighting to protect America's Family Farms and Rural communities from multinational agribusiness monopolies that are destroying rural economies and way of life. Joe's story starts when he and his twin brother Steve finished their Army enlistment and returned to the family farm in the mid-70s. When we got out of the army, we went back home to farm and had about two or three good years and then the farm crisis hit and I recognized then that people in Washington DC and my state house were making decisions that impacted my life where I wasn't gonna be able to do what I wanted to do. And so I went into a member of Congress has office and just volunteered and Sounds pretty good at campaigning and and advocacy work and along the way I work for Dick Gephardt the majority leader in the US Congress and then went home and ran for political office myself. So I came to political office as an advocate for family farmers and for education. I felt that in the world. We live in that if you didn't have access to Quality education, you just didn't have a shot on those two issues. I ran for political office and and in worked hard while I was elected and then my wife became ill and I did not run for re-election as a lieutenant governor. I did some work as a lawyer and I worked for I was on part of a team with the Kellogg Foundation bag of the middle project and I'm also having a gecko. Comics degree I built out a model economic model with some other folks and then went out and started practicing that and helping other Farmers build capacity to go to market and compete with the with the big folks and so but my advocacy actually got led me to politics and then when I left politics or left elected office, I just moved right back into advocacy and and working on building strength and and economic wealth in Your communities. Can you tell me a little bit about your experience during the farm crisis? There was a human cost to it. And I'd like to know what was it like as a family farmer living through that. The farm crisis was brought on by multiple decisions made in Washington DC during the end of the Carter Administration and the game first term of the Reagan Administration the first thing I think people I need to understand is that our elected officials have chosen intentionally chosen to deny consumers transparency in the market you look at label on dog food and it tells you where it's made your shirt tells you what country made it but on your beef and pork. You don't know where it comes from intentional decision by policymakers by elected officials have denied consumers that transparent Those decisions made in the Carter early and the Reagan Administration sent agriculture family farmers and ranchers into a tailspin that had not been seen since the Great Depression and The Exodus to California are so many Farm pay. My dad was and Granddad had been a very smart businessmen and had come out of the depression and had a tendency to be extremely servant on their financials government officials were telling all the young Farmers coming out and our universities began to tell everybody plant fencerow to fencerow will sell it exports will solve the problem become monolithic and your practice so they guided these farmers in the 80s in a direction the market would not support as it began to concentrate the people that began to make all the money for the largest corporations in the United States. I now they're Global the law. And what we saw on the farm in the 80s was neighbors killing himself committing suicide because they were going to be the farmer that lost the Family Farm. We saw auctions that the neighbors as their tractors were sold as Bankers came in as as people from the coast came in insurance companies came in and drive those Farmers off the land taking advantage of the depressed agricultural market and farmers who had seen their land prices plummet. So they were having to have 40 percent or 60 percent collateral on their loans, but when their land values plummeted, they no longer had that collateral and the bank's just sees the farms and the insurance company sees the Farms learning those Farms got gobbled up by conglomerates. That's right. We saw the bankers, you know with their one or two pet Farmers that they would carry over and insurance companies started buying up land and Lisa. It back to Farmer the rural communities then started drying up but we saw all this extraction of wealth one from the plummeting agricultural value of land the loss of the commodity prices whether that was corn soybeans pigs or cattle. We saw our communities boarded up. It was a very trying time for Rural America for which it never fully or even partially Lee recovered from when you think of it in terms of extraction of wealth and resources. It's almost like the way we understand Appalachian coal country or Central Africa or South America the way minerals and resources are extracted and the people who live there rarely benefit from it. That's what happened to all of her America during the 80s, right? That is correct. And it's happened several times along the way to where we are today where Erica rule America the family Farmers the workers do not share in the prosperity that they're building they go in and they make punch somebody's time clock as a worker as a consumer or they may be a farmer who raises animals or corn or soybean and they barely make it the poverty in Rural America is greater than Urban America have greater number of children going hungry at night in Rural America. We have a loss of our our health care in Rural America all because decision makers in Washington DC have chosen an agricultural and food policy that benefits the largest corporations in the world after the 80s these corporations began to take their model around the world today because us companies aren't even American Smithfield the largest pork producer in the United States is now owned by China because of driving 1800. Petitions in Brazil. JBS is the largest beef producer in the world. It's the largest meat protein producer. They're not even us companies that our elected officials are supported and what happens in Rural America all that wealth is extracted and put in the bank accounts of these large corporations, like Smithfield or JDS or Cargill and and and the people there do Do not share in the prosperity that they helped build record profits are being made by the Tyson's of JBS has the Cargill family still owned by one family over a hundred family members just paid out over six hundred million dollars in dividends at a time. Soybean farmers are going bankrupt and having to live on a government handout because of the China trade War Cargill makes me Billions of dollars for its family that's what's wrong in America. And again, you can have whatever kind of food system or agricultural system you want but you have to have policy makers supporting the policy that keeps that well at home. How do you reverse close to 40 Years of aftershocks that policy change in the late 70s and early 80's how Do you take the body of Rural America that's impoverished and weekend from this. How do you bring it back to full health same way? They did a hundred years ago. Somebody like Teddy Roosevelt. You have people like President Wilson the care about the people care about the consumers what's going on with lying speed in the pork and poultry industry ought to scare every consumer as it relates to food safety. Can you explain what that is who things are happening under Sunny for Newswatch secretary fun. He's the head of the Department of Agriculture and the Trump Administration. They're allowing these plants to self-inspect for food safety and they're allowing them to speed up the number of animals. They can kill in an hour or a minute and self-inspect themselves. It's like the fox watching the hen house. We saw Upton Sinclair write the book The Jungle in 1906. He talked about the horror of the food. Of the meat in this country that the harm to the workers the harm to the consumers it's going on today. A couple of years ago. JBS was caught bribing inspectors in South America to let rotten meat. They're rotten meat out of the country and be exported to countries like China and the Us and other top American countries. When word got out that they were bribing the inspectors every port to include China for goodness sakes shut down the flow of meat from JBS and their plants but not the United States. It took us 90 days to decide. It was okay to shut down their mean 90 days. I would suspect can't prove but with suspect that's about how long it took to get all the rotten meat that they had sprayed with carcinogens. Take down the stench and give it a different color. I think that's probably about how long it took to get that meat into the United States the head of that during that time that had the authority to shut down the porch the same time China did but waited 90 days now works for JDS the very company that was caught bribing the inspectors to push rotten meat out of their plants in supplement every person listening to this podcast should care and and mm and changes in Washington DC and the man President Trump and secretary Purdue to clean this up what can an average person do first as the president and CEO of Family Farm action. They should attend to every town hall and demand transparency from their elected officials and to clean up the mess second. They need to buy products that they can identify from America. family farmers and Ranchers They need to buy safely. They need to make sure when they're buying grass-fed be that it's from us ranchers. Who care about the land care about the animals care about the people they going to eat that food and not foreign deep and not be that is claimed to be grass-fed. They need they can make a difference with their purchasing dollars JBS the owners of JBS the Batista Brothers. Wesley has admitted that they bribed 1800 politicians in Brazil. They have admitted that they bribed inspectors to sell us consumers rotten meat. Why in the world is US consumers buying JBS be why aren't they buying American grass-fed beef from America's Family farmers and ranchers. It's that simple if there's so much money flowing from these. Global agricultural concerns into the political systems of every country they operate in what can what can citizens do to overcome the challenge of all of that lobbying money at all those concerted efforts made by those companies to shape policy in ways that benefit them at our expense. First of all have a policy advisor for the organization or competitive markets. Every consumer ought to go to the competitive markets.com read the story about JDS petitions on that web page. They should sign up for those issues. They should join ocm and family farm action in their work. That's the first thing that they should do join their voices together. There is power in numbers, Senator Rubio and Mendez. Listen. God concerned and sent a letter to the Department of Treasury demanding an investigation of JDS. They need everyone's help and saying I stand with Senator Rubio and then the net to ensure that investigation occurs, Senator Rubio sent that letter J DS is spent hundreds of thousands of dollars hiring up lobbyists to fight him. the people matter this is about their children's health and safety. This is about their health and safety. It's about us restoring prosperity in America for the workers and it's about helping America's Family farmers and ranchers. I am a capitalist but I believe that the real value in America why people are walk thousands of miles to get here or why they immigrants for 300 years of tried to get here. Is is really this concept of a shared Prosperity, right? I work hard and I get a piece of the prosperity that is America and because of concentration in The Market Place heavy Monopoly control of the markets people. Don't get your share. If you're a line worker and a plant processing plant. You're not getting your fair share of what you're building if there's a farmer trying to sell you're not getting your fair market value for your animals or your core. Your soybeans in the early 1900's late 1800s. The original trust Buster's team in there was a court settlement in 1921 the same time the Packers and Stockyards Act was enacted at the time the top four companies meet companies and in ag companies controlled about 46 percent to 50 percent of Market Upton Sinclair. Yeah in 1906 wrote the jungle and federal government US Government took action Europe. Took action and they begin to break up these monopolies. There was a court decree that took on the five biggest Meat Packers by 1976 CR for the concentration ratio of the four largest companies in the media industry the pork whatever they were not vertically integrated. They had not vertically grown either through Acquisitions and mergers almost all of them are horizontal, but it was down to 26 percent and the markets were working. I was getting more for pigs. It's 76 and I am today President Reagan by executive order overturned the court order of 1921. And we adopted Orcs economic theory on that. The antitrust laws Clayton Sherman were designed for Consumer welfare, and the adoptive What's called the efficiency Rule and shortly thereafter a 1984 the largest time period of AG Acquisitions and mergers occurred and we started This trend where now we're at 82 percent of the beef Market is controlled by whole company 68% of the hog and consumers only have an illusion of choice because no matter what the label says. It's all coming from the same handful of places. Right? Right I best evidence of that is when JDS had millions of pounds of hamburger need they called it affected, you know dozens of labels. Why because it's all JBS Let me just put under a different label. Hey, it's meal. I wanted to take a quick break to tell you about the service. I used to make this podcast it's called anchor and it's one way of small not-for-profit can make a big impact. If you're interested in starting a podcast. I can't recommend anchor enough to start with it's free to use and if you don't have a media production background, it's Plug and Play you can record right to anchor under computer or phone anchor also handles distribution. So if you're not super tech-savvy or you are but just have a lot on your plate. Anchor make sure that your pot appears on Apple Google Spotify and lots of other cool platforms. If that doesn't move you anchor will also find show sponsors and provide you with scripts that you can accept or decline and start monetizing your pods with no minimum listenership. If you want to create a podcast, but think it's too much to tackle download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Can you talk a little bit about how these agencies got to be the way they are Organization for competitive markets. They're doing a research paper on What's called the revolving door or agency captures. And what is agency capture? I guess I ought to let folks know what that is agency capture is when a corporation through maybe campaign finances or maybe through extra dinners or whatever. It may be. There are people appointed. So now you got the fox not only watching the NFL in the gospel henhouse. They're in the henna the manager animal. That's right. The second thing that happens is you'll have a great government worker and they dedicated their life and everybody listening has a tendency to discredit this spare eij, make fun of government employees and we try to make sure we don't pay them and every now and then of Corporation will get to one of them. Well treat him good brag on them give them away. That's what this paper will show give them Awards and before you know, it they're buddies with the regulator and then they get a favor then they get another favor and that's how corporations Multinational Global Goliath wind up controlling the safety of America's food. What can be done about it? Our research paper will be put out some time by Marge I think and it will have certain recommendations. There are certain laws on if you work for government. How soon can you lie be and some other things we're digging deep into the laws and we will those laws need to be strengthened. We also need to reward and thank those men and women who get up every day and go to make sure that the food we eat is safe. And we need to not be discrediting them or making fun of them or thinking that they're bunch of lazy people. Like I hear all time out in the countryside. They work hard. They deserve our praise and we need to treat them with respect. How do we heal that divide between the people who work on our behalf in government agricultural America who have been increasingly isolated from decision making in And the economy and urban residents who are becoming a Super majority of the country's population. I'm one of them. How do we how do we find the language? How do we find the issues so we can all sit down and talk about succeeding together because that's what we all want. We all want that space food and healthy food and clean air for our kids and our grandchildren. How how do we do that Family Farm action? That's what it reams of it is ideal and its Mission. How do we build those bridges and get the people working together? How do we do that first in America? We don't share the same color of skin missing Faith the same even country of origin. What we share is a concept that if we work hard we'll share in the prosperity. Our hard work build will get our piece of the American Pie. We'll get our fair share. But those that have the money have the power want to do is one. They don't want to give That so they make us think our neighbor is the villain they chipped one Community against another they make us think that union worker is the problem greedy or whatever. They would say, they want to take away the power of our government. So they stand up and tell us how bad government is and how regulations are bad. How do we do it? First of all, we got to recognize who the real enemy is. It's not our Neighbor in Rural America, it's not those people in the inner city. And in the inner city, it's not those rural people. It's those large corporations those faceless corporations who have taken control and we need to break them up. We need to do what they did back in the early 1900's a hundred years ago, and we need to have strong antitrust laws that are strongly enforced by the administration. Understands that a shared Prosperity is what builds us what happens right now and in many of the communities so much of the predominantly white rural community 30 35 years ago was the middle class A lot of middle class. Now what they think is that governments bad because it just wants to help they call that you know like those other people. And what happens is that we hate or we we say that's the problem know the problem is is the pie the piece of pie they had is getting smaller and smaller for them and they shouldn't fear other people joining in with them or getting a piece of that pie. We need to work together to grow that pie the way it was in the seventh when we didn't have this heavy Concepts. How do we get there is by recognizing what the real threat is to our family and our prosperity and that threat is as heavy concentration and is Corporate greed and this corporate power that's controlling our government that's got is putting their people in to regulate themselves. That's what we need to do recognize the real threat. Thanks for listening grazing. Hell is a production of American grass-fed Association. If you want to hear more interviews like this, you can subscribe to rate and review graze in Hell, wherever you get your podcasts to learn more about AJ's Mission and find a certified Farm or Ranch near you visit American grass-fed dot-org and follow us on Instagram Facebook and Twitter. You can find those links in the show notes. Along with links to learn more about specific topics discussed in this episode.