You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk to the best and brightest andIt's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next. Today's Show is brought to you by covid coffee covid has a specialty roaster out of Portland, Oregon and I specialize in single origin coffees are committed to long-term sustainable Partnerships with coffee producers. Now if you like me, I love coffee. I like to start off with usually one or two cups. I make it by hand at home with a pour-over but it doesn't matter how you make it you could be using a mr. Coffee machine. It doesn't matter. But what does matter is the beans you have to start with really high quality beans and you'll always make sure you have a great cup. So just say no to those Burnt Over roasted corporate coffee beans that you find at a grocery store and upgrade your coffee game. To make it real easy for you. Here's what you do. Just go to covid coffee.com. That's COA VA coffee.com and use our code JDP 10. That's JD P10 and you get five dollars off your first purchase do it right now while you're thinking about it. You'll be happy you did. I want to welcome our newest sponsor barren fig whether you be pens. Notebooks are bags. They have you covered barren fig makes tools for thinking and the help you do your best thinking at home work and in between and if you're a podcast fan the small little notebooks they have are great for taking notes to refer back to later. I've been using the products now for gosh over five years and I love the craftsmanship and attention to detail. So if you like the podcast Show your support to barren fig go to barren fig.com and use our code JDP 10. That's JD P10 and you'll get 10% off your first purchase. So go check it out right now while you're thinking about it. Today on the show. We have Michael every Michael is head of financial markets research for the asia-pacific region at Rabobank. He has nearly two decades of experience working as an economist and strategist previously you as a senior Economist and fixed income strategist to RBS and he was an economist for Dun & Bradstreet. He holds a master's degree in economics with distinction from University College London speaks Thai and he's a contributor to Zero Hedge. Enjoy my conversation with delivery Michael welcome to the podcast great to be here was great having you. So the first question I like to ask guess is going back to 2008 tell us a little bit about what you were up to professionally and what was going through your mind and the global financial crisis. Well, to be honest, I was swimming in the pool of my condo in Bangkok doing yoga a couple of sessions a day and pretty much laughing at everyone. And during the GFC saying I Told You So suckers because I'd I'd quit my job in early 2007 because I could see that some looming crisis was was imminent. I was a wee bit early on the call, but I thought let's go somewhere with a nice low cost of living that isn't going to be too swept up in this particular financial crisis if it does hit so that's what I was doing. Interesting. So you were early on on that and saw some of the debt being built up in the mortgage space and maybe some other areas in the economy. I did. Yes, you know, I can dig out very dusty older PDFs from the mid 2000s with me muttering about things like the Great Depression coming back again, you know Doom Gloom, etc, etc. So basically I've been on a similar theme for quite some time for Anyone who reads my work. Yeah, so a lot of people might be familiar with your work from seeing it posted on Zero Hedge course you distribute, you know to clients and through through the blog there with the bank. But you know going to present day here you've written about a lot of the that build up in certain their economy, obviously right now, it's corporate debt and then, you know sovereign debt. We just saw yields hit the all-time low on the 10-year. Here in the US and the 30 year which will get into but talk a little bit about where you see the actual, you know build-up of Leverage in the system right now compared to the global financial crisis what obviously there are similarities and differences. One of the key differences now is that sovereign debt is far higher than it was before that's real obviously in the US and globally household debt if anything is slightly lower if you look at At you know some measures which is encouraging. Although it's hardly what you would call low and certainly in other parts of the global economy. Particularly China. It's going through the roof and corporate debt. Well, I'm worried about the quality of corporate debt rather than the outright level of it. But again that depends on the country that you're looking at and I take a global view rather than a purely u.s. Centric one, but the long and the short of it is, you know, if we're talking debt we still have Far too much of it in far too many places and in far too many sectors and it's a one-way path that we are on and if one understands that Dynamic it's really impossible to be optimistic in the long term. Right and I'm reading your your recent note here from titled Epoch marking the moment and treasury yields is imminent posted here on 0 head and just at the outset hear you. You talk about the 10-year going to that. I think the lowest it traded out was a one spot for your once bottle for and so, you know going to that possibly that sub 1 percent level and obviously we've had even some things changed since you wrote this note talk a little bit about what you see unfolding just saving in the past few days with yields touching those all-time. Was on the 10-year in the 30-year. Well, I think you have to look at it like this this virus which I'm sure will discuss in more detail in a moment is obviously a shock to the system. But if the season was healthy we wouldn't be in half the trouble that we're in now and effectively it's acting as an accelerant all be it an unprecedented accelerant an accelerant to a number of underlying Trends which are extremely negative on a broad range. Age of you know, socio economic and financial France and which have been dragging that 10-year yield down in the u.s. Anyway, it's not like we were trending higher, you know, heading up towards two then three then four as some of the other Talking Heads on Wall Street have been saying for years now and being wrong continuously by the way, and then suddenly the virus hits and we're heading back down towards one. It's not at all that it's more a sudden fast forward taking us towards an end point that seem to be inevitable to me. For a long time anyway, so that's how I like to frame how the virus is having that impact. Obviously if we are going to get the FED acting aggressively this year and that was already our expectation. By the way out house call was already that by December with your back at the zero lower Bound for the FED. We now think that's going to happen by September. So obviously yes. Those yields are going to continue to come bring in. But as I stress we were already expecting that to be happening just Just just slightly more slowly. Yeah, and I've been reading your notes for a while and they all have the similar theme and as you mentioned you've been you've been talking about this for a while and finally, you know, some of this stuff is finally coming to fruition. So you mentioned the FED here you break down toward the end of your article here where they can actually go and what might happen you mentioned the G7 meeting. So, you know, a lot of people thought maybe the FED would put in the emergency. Cut yesterday, maybe before the Asian markets opened that didn't happen. We saw the boj make a somewhat vague statement just saying they're going to be able to provide liquidity and be accommodative. And so you break this down here in your article talking about okay the different scenarios that they could go, you know, whether it's a 25 bib 50 bip cut. Let's talk through that a little bit because that was a really interesting part of the note. Well, obviously if they Do nothing markets are going to puke at this stage. Yeah, I know everyone's expecting central banks to save the day again. So they can't do nothing. They've you know, they're really stuck. Imagine. They do 25 basis points. What does that do? I mean it's a token gesture and even if they say well don't worry, they'll be another one coming in six weeks. And another one is six weeks after that. I don't really see that's going to calm people when globally and again, I'm This globally, you know the front page of the UK papers today just to give you a flavor of what we're seeing over here are talking about when cities are going to be locked down by the police and army and what plans we have in place and how supermarkets are trying to draw up contingency plans to make sure there'll be food now, obviously the Press does tend to get a little bit overexcited and I'm not saying there isn't some exaggeration there. Yeah, but what is 25 basis points do against that kind of backdrop? The answer is absolutely nothing. It's an insult so then okay, let's play. You will at your 50 here comes the big gun. And that's what we think they will do actually our house call is or do a 50 in March. I mean for those of you who remember when rates were still being cut rather than being hiked and you know, you have to go back a long time in the market is to actually remember fed, you know aggressive Fed rate Cuts because you know, that's pre pre GFC or into the GFC as it were. Yeah, you know 50 basis points is your bazooka. That's your big gun. Really? What does an extra 25 basis points on top of the token 25 basis points to achieve if your supermarkets are running out of food and you've got you know, the Army and police on the street locking people into their houses like we saw in China or you know, dropping off sacks of potatoes and rice and then, you know people Scurry out of their homes with disinfectant and try and grab them and run back in again and boil them up like some kind of plague scenario now again, I'm not saying this is going to happen. But if that's what the market is. Off fearing and you know, there's certainly a tail risk of that happening. Most 50 basis points is also nothing. So once you actually show that you really show that the central message here is that central banks can try and step in as the Big Daddy the way they have done repeatedly during crisis after crisis over recent years. And this is a case of transmissibility trumping liquidity. What is extra liquidity going to do if everyone is holed up at home eating rice and potatoes? Yeah, exactly. So and at goes into the global supply chain, and when you look at China and the impacts the economy, which you know, let's just save that for kind of the toward the end hear the conversation, but you brought up a good point with the FED cutting as far as what will that actually do? So in your view obviously they're having this t7 meeting is in your view. Do you think the FED is going to do an intermittent cut? You know before the March meeting or you know, where do you stand on that? Well, I think the likelihood is moving rapidly in that direction. Obviously that needs to be coordinated with everybody else rather than just him in word. You can make an argument that are so far in the US the economy hasn't been impacted enough that just knowing that there's a, you know, a 50 basis points coming at the end of the month you can afford to proceed on that basis and you know, the yield Curve will shift any way to adjust it. So from the financial side. Effectively, it's already priced in to add to a large extent. I don't really think it makes a great deal of difference except psychologically that if they bring It Forward it shows that they really do care. Yeah, I think there's some concerns about the only have so many bullets in the chamber and obviously we don't know how bad this is gonna get so they don't want to kind of use one prematurely but you know, I'm assuming obviously the market rallied today in anticipation as you mentioned that the fed and other central banks are probably Going to do some coordinated activity. Is that right? I correct if I just on this morning's note, which I just sent out. I've called it Super Trooper Tuesday quoting the lyrics from the ABBA song if anyone is listening is old enough to remember Abba and how we're going to be blinded by the Super Trouper beams, which make us feel like we're number one, you know, but unfortunately, I don't think central banks and the G7 are going to be able to stop us feeling blue on this particular front here. There's not a lot that is actually going To be achieved and it's ironic actually as well because if you look at the number of global crisis, we face, you know from the debt crisis Global imbalances, you can extend that right the way through to the climate crisis. If you know, if you're in that particular camp and I understand some people listening may not be but others obviously very passionately are you know, you're talking potentially about massive Global instability on multiple fronts and in a worst case scenario the end of life on Earth, if you take the most extreme green argument, well the G7 and central banks have To lift a finger to do anything about that so far on a coordinated basis, but you know the Dow Jones Goes Down 10% a week and suddenly we can move mountains. Right and Jay Powell has mentioned in the past that he doesn't want to take rates a negative in the u.s. You know, when you look around the world we had it was I think almost 17 trillion and negative rates yielding Sovereign that I know that's gone down to maybe 11 12 trillion. When you look at past easing Cycles with the fed. That's a 300 400 basis point kind of move and where We are at call it one and a half then that would take us well into negative territory. What's your take on that piece? What I do think they want to avoid negative rights if they can they're gonna do. Yeah right hand though. Well that's out. There are an awful idea and there yet another example of the economics of the madhouse. Just let me take a little segue here for a second if I can to kind of link them point to the earlier part of the discussion where we were talking about. You know me being one of the the the people who did see some form of GSC coming and too much debt, etc. Etc. What frustrates me so much in this profession is the amount of commentary that comes from very smart people, you know working for all manner of different institutions who are so knowledgeable and yet haven't read any of the right stuff if you read for example kolecki who was an economist writing in the 30s and 40s primarily a mark. But you know that doesn't necessarily mean he isn't worth reading. In fact, you know, some of the greats were Marxist to some degree. He makes a compelling case that structurally if you have a an economy locally, I'm particularly globally where you have a massive imbalance in power between Labour and capital. So in other words workers don't get the full fruits of productivity and that going to mainly to businesses instead and if that isn't compensated for by governments stepping in and filling the Gap to push wages higher and to keep investment up, If you end up in that Paradigm then all you will see is a larger and larger debt accumulation interest rates will try to rise and each time that will cause a crisis and they'll have to be slashed lower and lower and lower and lower and eventually you go negative. Now if the guy was arguing this in 1943 because a because he's polish because he's a Marxist and see because he points out the obvious though, you know, we're up a certain creek without a paddle. I cannot tell you how many credentialed Reinstate economist's and strategists, you know that I speak to you again glorious institution. So never heard of it. You know, how can it be the equivalent of trying to deal with some kind of virus as we're dealing with now and someone's never read the basics on virus transmission and actually understanding the biology of a viruses. It's ridiculous, you know, you're trying to treat them with leeches for example, so if you put that as the backdrop collects Keys arguing there that the the imperative we have unless something changes in the structure. Of the US economy and we can maybe talk about that in a moment then ultimately. Yeah you there is the risk that you do end up going negative. I don't necessarily think that this virus is going to be the trigger that takes us there instantly and we're talking about going to the zero lower bound and hovering there for a very very long time. I would think the certainly if that doesn't work and we don't have any changes to the structure of the US economy. Then you are going to get further mutterings in the market. Well, we need more of the same. I mean, look what's happened in Europe, for example So that brings up a great point now when you look at a central bank balance sheets around the world. The FED is already been talking about for the past. I'd say three to six months maybe even the past year about obviously we had the repo issue the repo hiccup, but they've been talking about a large-scale asset prices. They've been talking about yield curve targeting and and just trying to pin rates down even on the long end of the curve. So is that something that they could they can and probably will deploy is to start buying assets whether it's treasuries and BS maybe even equities. I know that's been floated in Europe. Well, I mean you have to in this respect look and see what other people who are further ahead of us on the curb have been doing and if you pan has been trying all those things and of course the other than work I mean- rates don't work because if you have this structural imbalance in the economy, which I've already alluded to then we believe passionately that is the Then lower borrowing costs don't incentivize people to actually invest more because there's no demand because people aren't earning enough. It's as simple as that and you're hamstrung by the debt that households having some corporations and in some cases governments have already built up to try and keep things moving along. So, you know, Japan's try the negative rates Europe strong a negative rates and actually net saving is going up. And in fact, ironically you do tend to see net saving increase when you get Negative interest rates because you know again your policy. Who are oh so clever think that it will incentivize people to spend. Well, it doesn't because if you have this structural imbalance on the economy where too much capital is pulled in too few hands and those hands aren't interested in actually actively investing. All they want to do is just live off of asset prices, you know, like some feudal Lord, then the lower the interest rate gets the more they say to try and generate the same level of passive income. They were getting previously, you know, I have an Asian mother-in-law and I can assure you when she was still with us. That's exactly what she did. That she was not particularly wealthy, but she just lived off the interest on our on our savings and every time interest rates went down she saved more and spend less every time interest rates way up. She actually spent more because she was getting more of an income. So I've had a first-hand example have exactly how that works. So the right side won't work, you know, you talk about yield curve control. Well, okay, you can you can pin yields into a Target band to stop them Rising. If you want to you know, if the central bank has been buying assets and then suddenly the market gets spooked and says right. Well, we're all selling. Okay, you can step in and buy those bonds like jgbs and say they're not going to go above a certain level. I mean you're effectively monetizing them to do it, but you can if you want but how are you going to get in front of the market buying your bonds hand over fist and pushing yields lower. The only way you can do that is to sell some of your stock back into the market and it effectively, you know interest rates are just there are volume measure of how many Securities of whatever type you're buying and selling and that's the point. I think you are making their that effectively central banks start operating in developed countries more along the lines of how traditionally they used to work say in India, for example, where it's all about liquidity management data day in terms of physical levels of cache in terms of what you're buying asset wise rather than just setting something like fed funds. And letting the rest of the market do what he wants to around that Pivot Point. Yeah brings up a really good point. Now as you mentioned earlier, let's talk a little bit about some of the structural issues and some of the effects on the economy. Now, obviously the fed and central banks around the world are just focusing on on Equity markets, especially the fed and US Equity markets and any little hiccup, you know, they come out and start either jawboning or or or literally buying assets, obviously. Seen the repo it was on the short end of the curve. So these 30-day bills. So they argued well, it's not really Q week because it's not large scale asset purchases on the long end. So there's this the stock market but and this could be a short-term fix as you said on Market is expecting this and that's why we have this 5% uptick today recording on March second Monday and the market will just puke if if we don't get you know what they're looking for in this Ali accommodative policy, but let's talk a little bit about the effects down the road three months six months even a year of how the economy could just kind of grind to a halt with this with some of the virus issues going on. Well, okay on that front. This is where everybody including myself pretends to be a virologist which always entertains me because every time we have some unexpected Global crisis all the people who actually are very good economics aren't very good at Market strategy and you know, Humble enough to say I'm probably in that camp to all pretend to not also not be very good either understanding how military action works if there's a war taking place in the background or not understanding how elections work if there's an election process coming up and now we'll go to pretend we understand how viruses work but actually we done now I am fortunate enough to actually have some contacts who are very close to world-leading experts on this field. So, you know, at least second hand I get some nice some nice information on that front, but there are an underlying principles that you can see at play here and they are that this is not just a common cold. I mean how many people told me that when this was first beginning, you know weeks back in Asia. This is just a cold. I kept saying then know it ain't no I don't you you don't understand what the reaction is going to be in markets and the economy to this because I'm not talking about the the danger of the virus per se, you know, we're looking at the impact on the economy in terms of how people panic about the dangers and first of Yeah, we can see from the supply side the entire Global model. We've built up of long highly leveraged just-in-time hyper efficient Supply chains largely centered on China Works fabulously. Well, if nothing ever goes wrong, and of course things do go wrong. I mean the parallel with the pre GFC Financial system is just amazing that you can you have this system which is priced to Perfection that regulates itself and everything is fine until you get one weakness somewhere in the system and then you get a domino effect. And it all collapses. Well, that's exactly what you're seeing on the physical side of global trade. You're not feeling the impact of it yet because everyone has inventories to run down first, but if China hasn't got the virus under control and if it starts to spread again, as soon as everyone is forced back to work by the government saying it's all good now honest take your mask off and get back in that factory. If it starts spreading again, we're going to see enormous supply chain disruptions and you know in the US for example virus fighting gear like masks and suits Even some key drugs can no longer be manufactured in America because you've outsourced key components to China. So this shows just how big the disruption could be and the lag time to actually start a whole new productive base in the u.s. To replicate that functionality is is far beyond what anyone would want to see in terms of you know, physical comfort for key inputs particularly in fighting a virus. So that's the supply side which is real and of course with everyone now starting to go down with the virus even if China gets. Back online other people are going to get dragged down. So it's like a bunch of guys and gals all holding hands trying to cross the ice over a river and if one falls down everyone keeps falling over and soon as you stand up somebody else falls falls over and everyone gets dragged down again. That's just the supply side on the demand side, you know and linking it to the FED as I asked him this morning snow can some policy won't please tell me what the precise level of equilibrium interest rate is that means I'm no longer worried about dying on my family dying. Because I would like you to tell me what the interest rate is that you no longer worried about dying when you go to the supermarket. I'll go to a concert or you know, or decide to go to a holiday somewhere, you know, either locally or internationally. I don't think there is one and I think this is again with the idiocy of thinking monetary policy can solve it kicks in if everyone is going to retrench and everyone I speak to in every country now around the world is starting to retrench to some degree. They've done their Panic shopping. and they're all keeping a wary eye out and at some point they're all going to go home and lock the door and you know go out a fraction of what they normally do and the blowback of that to the real economy is going to be enormous absolutely enormous and on top of the financial system that's already leveraged and price for Perfection suddenly seeing actual physical cash flows as well as physical Supply chains both massively impacted, you know, I wonder what we can possibly do monetary policy has been Kick the Can down the road you'll have to have Banks saying to companies and individuals don't worry. Your debt is not a problem. You don't have to pay your mortgage this month, you know until the virus goes away. There's no mortgage payments. There's no credit card repayments. There's no business loan repayments, etc. Etc. Well that's going to hit Bank earnings. Someone's gonna have to make the bank's good. So that's going to have to be the central bank. So maybe that's part of what we'll see today. Yeah, if people also need cash flow if a business or a house Sold islets old. Okay, you're not going to be earning anything for the next two months. You don't have to service your mortgage, but you've still got to live and you haven't got any savings. Where's the money going to come from? So presumably there's going to have to be a blank check to at least keep everything ticking over that's a very big bailout, you know top style for every girl's going to so kind of a tarp 2.0 or something like that. Yeah, but this time it's not going to Banks not directly. I mean, it's maybe it's going to have to go to them partly, but it's going to have to go to the real economy to So even when you recover imagine, you're you know, Joe bloggs with Acme company doing x y z you're going to have to massively increase your leverage just to get through this on the longer. It lasts the worse it will get and when we finally emerge. Yeah, they'll be a little bit of a pickup at everyone's happy and they go out on the streets. Again. We know whatever that is, but a particularly the services sector you're not going to get an extra surge of spending to compensate for what you missed. People are not going to get two haircuts to compensate for the haircut appointment. They missed so your revenue is going to go back to where it was previously, but you're much more highly geared. So you tell me how we get out of that. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I know we've seen certain stocks Zoom comes to mind the recent IPO the video conferencing company, you know, they've got no pop obviously Costco there certain, you know as stocks people are looking at and most of them have already been bit up a little bit as far as for people staying home and which areas are going to benefit but I think like as you mentioned you could see in the in the short term and even to the to the Longer-term going out who knows how long as you mentioned a huge hit to the economies for stadiums concerts. I mean just retail stores could be everything and then you brought up the supply chain issue. And when you look at most of most things coming from China, whether it's medicines and ingredients in medicine and then you know, when you look at a car 80 or 90 percent of the parts are made in China, so, you know, obviously in I could take months or even I don't know maybe even maybe even a year or two or longer to get those type of things up and running as far as factories and being able to produce those parts kind of that D globalization piece what it could do and obviously the uncertainty is something Market should be pricing for rather than the certainty That central banks are going to save them somehow, but it's a very fast-moving scenario. no one knows exactly which way it's going to go but one thing you can see I spoke early on about this being an accelerant and I'm now seeing more and more commentators saying yeah, this is an accelerant 2D globalization look we agree but we've been arguing that for years for years and actually, you know pinpointing how you were going to get protectionism you are going to get trade Wars because yeah currency Wars then trade Wars and then, you know political pressure building up to something far nastier and that at some point you were going to To get some version of modern monetary Theory or you know hand holding between central banks and governments to try and jump start the economy and the question was whether it would be environmental or military that would prove to be you know, the green light for everyone to press ahead with this. Well, it looks like to be a virus instead but on the other side of it you only really have to to kind of polemic scenarios you head towards eventually in terms of where this can logically go you can Neither aim for your one world. We have a global economy where everyone works together centrally planning how to get out of this, you know United Nations IMF style model where China and the US are friends again Global Supply demand is rebalanced alongside, you know investments in antivirus technology, etc. Etc. You know, it's an idealized world and I like to think that is a Star Trek scenario, perhaps not this current iteration of Star Trek, which is a lot more gloomy and dystopian, ironically, but you know, A classic 1960s 1980s Star Trek Gene roddenberry's Vision the future, but if you don't go that route, it's a very strong impetus to what you're already seeing which is you know, flood the moat raise the drawbridge make sure that my Central Bank provides liquidity for my people but none of that liquidity can be used to buy products from other people keep the money circulating at home to make sure we get out of it and don't let foreigners come in because they might be a bring you germs. Which is very very anti-globalization, but at the same time is eminently sensible to some extent when you see the shocks that an integrated Global Supply Chain a capable of inflicting. I mean, how long are we going to listen or how long do we have to listen before someone's actually says as a politician why the hell can't we as country X Y Zed make antivirus masks. Why are they all made in China? Why haven't got drugs? Why haven't we got enough hospitals to treat people? Because of austerity because of you know, small government free trade political models, etc. Etc. So the blowback you can get to all of this could be just enormous. Yeah, and that's where I where I want to go last Lee's you know big theme on the podcast is this pull between inflation and deflation and kind of that central question. And as you mentioned you can look at Japan Equity Market peaked in 8990 never recovered. They've been doing Huey for much longer than the US and and when you will look around the world, we have these forces obviously people talk about them all the time the debt I'll fix deflation these in technology really pulling inflation down and then when you look on the other side this D globalization piece, if it does play out the way that you just talked about, you know, that could really lead to a lot of inflation or or maybe even I saw a scenario someone wrote up online where maybe the FED just comes in and cuts way too much and then it does the opposite effect where it just Sparks fears. You're in the market, which is people sell old. How could that happen? But maybe the FED loses control rates on the long end of the curve. How are you looking at that piece? Well, I think it's a key question. We have had inflation figures in some corners of the market for years and through all of them with continue to grind deeper and deeper into deflation that's on aggregate. Of course, you know prices are through the roof or at least inflation is through the roof or lots of things that I see daily, but that's because we don't measure inflation right at all. You know, I've Had issues over whether we should really be saying, you know that flat screen television that you're not buying overall means that inflation is absolutely going down whereas, you know, your food prices and your health care prices and your house prices are going through the roof. So I don't think we measure inflation completely wrong because of you know, idiotic intellectual fallacies like hedonic regression and you know Swift is switching from the from steak the chicken for example presuming less or Be happening. And that means therefore there is an inflation. So right let's take that as a base case. First of all before we move any further forward, but with that criticism in place, what will already going to see during this crisis is an extension of what we do think which is rampant inflation in some areas and deflation in others. So you'll have a very very depressing effect because demand is going to go off the cliff and good luck raising your prices, you know when through no one's coming out two shots funny throat, but equally good Not raising your prices when you can't get hold of a certain component for love nor money, you know that so you're going to have potentially sharply polemic effects on inflation with massive inflation is some areas and massive deflation and others and on aggregate, you know, again economists being useful idiots would turn around and say oh well, therefore there isn't any inflation or deflation is 2% because it's minus 20 and some areas and you know plus 20 and others therefore, it's flat overall. Yeah, good luck. Trying to actually manage an economy on that basis, right? It doesn't actually tell you at all what's actually going Hang on but more thematically. I said earlier that you know, your ideal scenario globally is your Star Trek one, which I don't actually think is realistic politically. Your alternative is your Star Wars scenario where you do have a US versus them first order versus resistance kind of political feeling or headwind to everything that happens. And on that basis, is it inflationary? Well, yes, but it depends on who's running the global. Station because then you get a d globalization. That's genuinely genuinely for the working class so that you are bringing jobs back home. You are ensuring that you know, you don't have low-cost workers coming in to suppress wages. You are forcing firms to invest more one way or another the government is filling that Gap. If not and employing people that are very high salary to Benchmark salaries higher. If you do all these things alongside industrial policy. Which is effectively what China has been doing for years then yeah, you're going to get wage inflation and overall you'd imagine you'll get a healthy level of inflation. And of course they can smack assets. If you're looking at it from a financial Market point of view, but it was smack some assets. Mainly those that have been built our be no by the idle Rich rather than the you know, the average working Joe who actually have more money in his pocket. So you'll get winners and losers and redistribution within the economy. That's if you get a certain kind of D globalization If you get actually another kind of the globalization, which is excuse me, after versus them finger-pointing angry populism run by local oligarchs within each country rather than and pretending to be for the worker but actually being for the oligarch, where's the workers still get the crumbs? I'm not going to go into too much detail detail on that. But I think you can understand the kind of picture. I'm painting then all you do is instead of substituting your Global oligarch. So the ones who are worth tens of Ian's of dollars because of the global reach of their company, you'll have a statute them for local robber barons within each particular country who are then worth maybe just, you know, three or four billion just seen a chicken feed like that and you still won't end up with the workers actually getting a great deal. Yeah, you'll just end up having fingers pointed at you know, either other ethnic groups other religious groups are other countries as the reason why people start aren't doing any better and we've certainly seen that from history. So I'm not saying that anyone leader. We're falls into either of those two categories. I'm talking in general General memes here or general archetypes and it's up to listeners to decide who they see doing what and that you can make a very strong case in all different directions over who is or isn't doing what but it shows you that it's more complicated than people think the globalization doesn't necessarily mean, you know inflation. It doesn't it can do but it doesn't have to be Yeah makes a lot of sense and lastly kind of wrapping up. When you look at our set prices obviously risk assets being equities being priced where they are and when you look at the Loft evaluations now taking the other side of that as far as looking at Safe Haven half assets or where to hide. Obviously we saw gold sell-off pretty sharply. It's been a wild ride. It was up. It was down. I know it recovered a little bit today, but similar to 2008 A lot of people were selling gold to cover margin positions and basically freeing up cash in that kind of sense. And when you look at you know to 2008 we had this correlation to one of risk assets where everything was down even gold except for long-term treasuries, and now obviously but treasuries were they are move this after this 30-year Bond bull market or Thirty five-year Bond bull market seemingly. Be coming to an end at some point maybe like you said if rates go negative, you know how L far- could they go right? But how do you see that piece as far as maybe cash just gives you optionality there. But do you have any thought General thoughts on that? Not not really specific but more General General thoughts on that. I mean, obviously when you're talking about this topic and when you're bringing in Gold, you're talking about Paradigm shifts, I think yeah, I think rather than You know momentum trading or technical trading or even fundamentals trading you're talking Paradigm attic shifts and clearly our entire Paradigm is under threat. I think I've underlined why that is the case and you only have to open your eyes and look around you and you can see that everything is changing now. Does that make me a gold bug will the answer is no and for a couple of reasons, I mean number one on specifically the gold front look at your history whenever things get to the point where gold could actually be useful they ban it. Yeah and the same with cryptocurrencies you can argue that they're the new version of gold. First of all, they're not because you can keep creating new ones, you know makes me like this like this is gold. This is smelled this is bowls. So this is growth, you know, they're all gonna know they're not the fact that you're just able to make up a new one shows you that they're not but but equally no one's actually really using them. Everyone's hoarding them. So they don't have any function as a currency and the same is true for gold. You're not actually using it when you can use it. He pay you sovereign debt or international trading then it might really have some functionality. But unfortunately the powers that be the ones with the taxation powers and with all the military powers and with all the jails. They're the ones who get to set what you do or don't do international trade in for now, you know as as Joe bloggs, you can say right I'll pay for my widgets from China if I can get them in gold and good luck with that. You know, I it's far more difficult than you think to set up your own International payment system particularly a very physically heavy currency, so So I don't buy into that even though I understand the impetus to look for something new when the old is collapsing but in terms of what you're going to see with cash and with them with long bonds, etc, etc. I think the logical endpoint again and I like to try and understand the Paradigm of push it to its extreme to scenario test is that yeah yields will do what they do in Japan where they go negative which point the you know, the bull market has further to run obviously you can still make money even with negative rates provided you say Somebody else who's going to buy them at even more negative rates, but at some point you do here a floor whether it's minus 0.5 minus one wherever where people say, I'm actually losing so much money with these I'm just not going to hold them anymore. I'd rather just have cash which obviously has no yields at all. And then the last person holding that Bond obviously carries the care that he's guaranteed to make a huge loss. So it's a greater fall trade which can continue for quite some time. But while that's continuing to the downside on the yield obviously as we saw, you know, Today in u.s. Time with the equity Market reacting despite fundamentals stinking and the real economy and you'll see equities mathematically go up as a bond deals go down until you again get to a ludicrous level where actually there's no rope no relation to reality whatsoever. And then when the bond yield hits its absolute floor equities will hit their absolute ceiling at the same time. So you'll have an equity price which is through the ceiling and has actually no connection to reality at all. And the last person holding it. He's holding a dud. And you have a bond yield which is through the floor and then no connection to reality and the last person to buy it is again holding a dad which point then we're in a real mess. Then we really have nowhere else left to go and then other questions about what we do next will start to resurface but as I said gold and Bitcoin sadly, I don't think I'll going to be the solutions that people think they're going to be in less governments get on board with them and I don't think they will. Yeah, I think it makes a lot of sense. I read some interesting research talking about Out when the market does finally come to an area where it's somewhat priced appropriately pop. I'll put it that way then in the future at least dividend Pairs and obviously value is under performed by companies throwing off cash companies paying the dividend. Those are going to be the ones that you're going to want to hold, you know going forward because at least it's something that you get paid to own instead of just looking for that appreciation. So I thought that was kind of interesting. It's very true and effectively stocks become like bonds. You're no longer buying them for the appreciation. You're buying it just for the income stream. Yeah, which is not going to be very high. Yeah, and ironically bonds become like stocks because you're only buying them for the underlying value appreciation selling it to somebody else. We've been in that scenario for a while, but obviously this this is going to accelerate it to its terminal point quite rapidly. Of course, that's presuming that you do still have a company that can play out solid dividends and that depends what the structure of the global economy looks. Like and the other problem is that if we get the G7 on Super Trouper Tuesday starting to say okay central banks and governments are going to hold hands and work together to get this get us through this you are going down the other path that gold bugs love to talk about which is you know, the corruption of not just understanding where pricing should be and then the price discovering mechanism, but actually free markets at all of any kind. If you're going to start getting the state that involved in the economy to save us all from the virus. How does it do? Tangle itself in the future which point you know, you can end up in a very very Chinese looking economy faster than people think and the one thing I can tell you after looking at Chinese French got financial markets is that nothing means anything, you know black can be white. Why can be black Up Is Down Down is up and you know people chase rumors and suspicions and guesses of what they think policymakers in Beijing are going to be doing to determine where they think value lies rather than ever actually looking at the balance sheet of the company involved. Well, you know, that could be our Brave New World, yeah. Yeah, bring that brings up another good point. Well Michael, this was great really appreciate having you on we're going to be looking forward to tomorrow and see what happens. I'm going to link your recent articles in the show notes and link your bio, but you want to you tell listeners where they can find you and follow follow more your work. Well, obviously for those who are rather Bank customers my work should hopefully Be coming to you and your inbox or already and if you're not one of our clients then occasionally or fairly regularly at the moment, you can see some of my daily notes on Zero Hedge obviously not on Twitter that's only can bone of contention for the for the guys who run zero correctly, but on the website from time to time you will see them. So if you if you find any of this of interest, please have a look there great Michael really appreciate it and thanks a lot. Thank you. Have a great day and enjoy Super Trooper Tuesday. Take care. Bye bye. Thanks for joining us today. If you enjoyed the show, we encourage you to tell a friend. You can also support the show for as little as a dollar a month through our anchor. Website just go to www.google.com podcast.com. If you have feedback find us on Twitter at jelly donut pod, or you can contact us via email at jelly donut podcast at proton mail.com as a reminder all opinions expressed by gas or solely their own and do not reflect the views of their employer or any other affiliate identity. This podcast is for informational purposes only and should not be used as a basis for investment decisions or advice.