What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and Impressed with how it all wrapped up with Jiang. I like to I think that we alluded to it last podcast like kind of the way that things went were a little expected like with a time-travel side of it, but I did really enjoy the episode was super entertaining to watch you're right. I think especially when it comes to time travel I always get confused. So I think that there were a few potholes that I want to discuss to see if they're actually plot holes like I would love to ask for the Don't like the listeners to jump in and be like now that doesn't make any sense or it does make sense because I feel like I did catch everything but some things didn't make sense at the end of it all and I feel like you always kind of get confused when it comes to like Time Warp timelines and I feel like they try to throw a few things at us and we're like, okay, I guess we're going to go with it, but I don't know if I want to go with it without talking about it. I so I think really quickly to I think I wanted a bit more collateral damage. UK what is get everything bet like everything just can't work out perfectly for you because of time travel and you have a magical Egg and I think I would have liked a little bit more of that just at the stakes were higher and like it does feel more real like they fucking time traveled but everything just got like a reset button and so I was like, okay. So the biggest pretty much good. Yeah. I mean the biggest thing that I know we Lyons was Agatha or Dorcas still dies like she's like, oh god look who really cares about her. You know, yeah, I mean, I thought she was kind of cool but and she didn't really get the death that I feel like she does. Yeah, so I'm kind of shocked that she's actually off the show that powerful moment. It was wasn't really there so I didn't really sink in for me. And yeah, I'm sure maybe they'll cover it next year or next season. We'll see you because I mean she was one of the weird sisters as long as she was like that's stupid kid who ran away for what big UNS or whatever, but she also didn't they didn't really develop her more know like you didn't she Stone for how they cut us. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Anyway, let's go into the episode. We'll take it down one by one and talk about little pieces. Okay, so it starts off with Ambrose telling a story as if it's like a storybook or like a fairy tale and he's flipping the pages. So the audience is watching it and hearing what happened basically as soon as what we watched last season, so he says after you know, everybody's turned to turn. A Stone House of morning star falls. So that's you know, the dark lord and Lilith and Sabrina. And so that means that caliban was able to take over hell then he says caliban attacks the Earth but he fails because the pagans were too strong and then while the people about what while they're above Earth trying to kill the pagans they get you know, they could they lose and then an army of angels destroys the rest of hell like they literally go down into hell and destroy the So the demons who are like waiting there and then the whole story kind of ends off with Sabrina still in the ninth layer of Hell still stuck in the wall where Judas was and it starts off by saying something like the only person that Sabrina could save is Sabrina herself or something like that. And so it cuts to it actually happen happening in the ninth layer and someone in a hood goes up. To the Statue and says something and it unfreezes her and it's obviously Sabrina from the future. So this like already right away like it's very confusing. Yeah, uh-huh. So she switches places with her future self. So the one that we saw last episode switches places with someone who comes from another future timeline, and now she's stuck in the wall. And basically she says I was able to get out In one future timeline, I can tell you how I did it but you need to do it in your timeline and then you need to come back and then switch places with me again. So then like everything will look the loops will be closed. So I was like, okay, I'm like trying to like I said time travel is fucking confusing and already I was like this is gonna get weird. So she goes straight to hell like the main area and she sees all the regalia but everything is like fucked up like there's like Everything looks like it's destroyed and there's nobody there. And so when she opens up the regalia like closet or whatever all the Guardians other regalia come out. So it's like the guy who they found in the tree. It's the guy that they found in the Tomb the Vlad guy whatever they're all there and she asked like what the hell happened here and he explains that there was an attack from Heaven everything got destroyed. There's no more demons lives, but they stayed around because they're there to protect. The regalia like that's a better life dream or whatever. They're like goal in life. Yeah, so she's like, okay, I'll take these because like at least they're powerful and then we'll figure out what to do next. So then it cuts to Sabrina going home like to actually going to like her old place and like everyone has like done been dead. Like yeah. It's it's exactly what we saw last episode. Everybody's kind of like where they were before so like Agatha and prudence. Is bodies were found in that like little living room area and she finds like Zelda she finds that Hilda never liked rose from the dead. So everybody's kind of just basically skeletons and everything's kind of overgrown with like leaves and shit. Yeah. It's been so time has passed, right? Yeah, exactly like 30 plus years like the decades apparently have passed and she's like what the hell's going on at one point. I'm she does go into the kitchen. She opens up one of the closet doors and she sees like the Baddie bats and and already I was like, okay this is going to come this is going to come around later because she pulls it on. She's like, okay, like random the batty bat shit is in this closet fine. She puts it away. And then what one point in time she goes into the closet or she goes into the fridge and opens it as if she's like going to make herself a snack like I'm like, it's been 30 years. There's nothing in there. That's fresh and clean. So anyway, Way as she's in this in the fridge, she hears a noise she goes over and it's like these zombie plant monster human beings and they try to attack her as she like hides an area she hears like slashing and murdering and she opens up the doors and the zombie people are dead. And those guys are standing the regalia guys are standing over them saying like we're going to protect you because you have the rig Like this. Yeah, I'm really so they're going to follow her on this Mission now and she's like Okay cool. So then she goes to the carnival and then like in a corner. She sees the Green Man like the gigantic statue the one that swallowed RV Coal and she sees these zombie humans like just pouring blood at the feet like they keep coming and while she's watching this like there's creepy music and shit. What did you think about? What did you think about zombies? Like we finally get to see Like we got to see zombies in this in this world. What is this world? I mean I thought they were kind of creepy and I do like the fact that they were like they weren't like I'm like falling apart zombies. They were like, yeah, they look like they could be fast and creepy and scary. Yeah. What is you think did you feel like I mean, I liked it. No. No, I really liked it. And I think they did such a good job with like this whole kind of world of fantasy. Right? Look we got exam pyre season. We got to see now zombies. There's a werewolf like yeah, they did a really cool job of like of incorporating like all these different creatures like mythical sure's and it can making still extend still and and I liked it. Yeah. No, it was good. It was good for sure. So then it's so then while she's watching this in the corner Ambrose kind of like grabs her from behind and he's like you come with me and he takes her to the mines which is where he's been hiding this whole time. So then he goes to the mine's and right off the top Ambrose's like why the fuck did you leave us? Like, we you know, we needed you I like this time and you weren't there and she's like what the hell like you literally told me as a family to go and finish the regalia and he's like, yeah, but we literally needed you and you like just never came back and so he's he's trying to explain what happened like everybody basically took over like everything that we saw in the beginning of the episode and she has an idea because the egg he's able to he was able to keep the Egg safe the entire time like he's able to like hide it in the corner. It's like so fucking incubating in that if I can tank. I don't know how he has power down there. But sure so then she's like, what about using this time egg somehow and going back in time to like figure this out and he's like that might work but you need something. That's just as powerful as the egg in order to like not get destroyed her for it to actually work. So and so let's pause here because I want to go I want to ask you the question that I asked you offline. Yeah. So my first question I this woman watching the episode. I was like what the fuck like, why would they only use the time traveling now? Like they couldn't read it from Tom they could have used it before like when they when their powers were gone. They could have used it to go back in time. So like get their powers back, right, but then you like no, they couldn't have done that because then they still need the regalia powderly. Yeah, so like we boosted or whatever it is. I don't know but the thing with me was like if that was the case, then they should have put those two together in the first place. You know what I mean a long time ago. Like they should have aligned her Mission with the fact that they didn't have any powers from the very beginning being like, okay. Well, we obviously exactly pieces to make something that will help us out. But I guess there were also frantic and plus like it was a pagan so like they couldn't think about it. Yeah, but so she comes up with in he's like true run a good idea. He's like we need to go back to the academy and like Like enhance your power around those stones but since like you've been gone Blackwood has gone crazy. And now he stays there he like lives. Yeah the the academy so she's like, okay. Well, we'll see if we can figure this out. She runs and grabs the little jar that we saw like a few minutes ago and the house she goes to grab the sand which is a cool throw back to season one like that episode to me. Still like to this day like such a standalone episode, which was that the batty bat one the one where she is like in the dream sequence. Yeah, and so for it to come back all the way back around season 3 episode 10. I was like good for you guys. Like you're actually trying guys made it work. Yeah, you like literally like kept continuity, which I was very impressed with so Cuts back to the academy and right away. She like here's black what he's like mumbling to himself. He's Crazy and so she calls him out and right away. She tries to throw the the body bad thing, but it can't open and it's a really cool sequence because he ends up disarming her like throwing the body bad thing away. And then he freezes her Ambrose tries to come and kill him. He freezes Ambrose and then he snaps Sabrina's neck and then he snaps Ambrose's neck and like that's kind of how it holds and ends for like a good five ten. Ends and you're like what the fuck just happened to the apple back in time again, like what that like at one point in time. I was like, please don't make this like even more complicated. Please don't bring another fake, you know future Sabrina. Yeah, like I didn't want that. Yeah and but then right away, he's already dreaming and Baddie bats like literally like sitting on his dick. She's like, yeah, like he's already fucking got you. So then she kind of like takes him to the corner. So so this is actually quite important. Because this means in this current timeline Blackwood is now being tortured by batty bat. He's no he's not going anywhere anytime soon cracked like so we have to be like that is one thing that I definitely like we need to talk about because she's a hold on him right now because she's in his dreams or whatever. Yes. So any that happens then she's like, okay, we're going to spin this motherfucking thing. She like gets She goes back all the way back in time. It was kind of a cool scene. They create this like out of all I guess the materials out of the silver coins the the crown and the bowl, they they take they turned it into like a like swinging something rather and like she goes back in time doing the spell. She goes back in time to the point where Blackwood has just gotten into the academy like he just broke in it's like Where the I think it's where the cheerleaders were where he was trying to break into the door. So they were trying to get their powers back. So he's just breaking into the academy and he's about to go to the Spellman house with Agatha to kill everybody there and find the eggs and find I guess the children as well. So that's what his current goal is in this brand new timeline that she just reset question. Number one. Why didn't she go back further? You're right. Do you think that there was an option? Are maybe not I guess not. I mean to your point though. I wish they explain that like I wish there's certain parts where they do come out there loopholes in the explain it like the whole regalia thing like the time-travel egg needs the power of the regalia to like start up and whatever so, okay fine. I'll buy that you guys wrote like a reason to that but this one they didn't and I don't understand why they wouldn't have just you write like gone further back and then right could have like save themselves even more like saved Dorcas or whoever Agatha who ever was Yeah, I don't know it wasn't it was an explanation to that a little bit more like oh it only takes us back so many so much, you know, yeah exactly like I wish that the next explanation with Ambrose and Sabrina. She's like this is not going to take us all the way. So we just have to be prepared for wherever it takes us, you know what I mean and just like yeah try to do it from there. But then I was like, why can't you just use a regalia again to go back in time even further? I don't know. I guess I was just asking for too much but Over because so we're saying she goes back in time and at that point we have to remember there's like three major things that have already happened in the timeline. So we don't forget number one Blackwood is now unkillable because Lilith gave him the cane cane The Mark of Cain so he still unkillable. The dark lord is now separated from him as well Lilith is also pregnant technically in this in this Current storyline and Dorcas is still dead. So we have to just assume that all those things have still occurred because it's taking us straight to that that point in time which is still pretty major things. Like that means like a major characters already dead and Blackwood is unkillable, which is going to probably come up again later on in the season or next season. So then it cuts to the Spellman household and right away. She flashes in when Zelda has now been shot. And she's still like being healed or whatever. That's what I mean. Like Zelda still unhealed like she didn't go further back. Yeah to when people like when shit really hit the fan but so anyway, so she's she goes down into the Morgan. She says to the Zombie Queen and she says to prudence and Ambrose like we need to go like Blackwood is on his way here and he's going to like fuck shit up. So we got a dip. So she's apps them all to dorian's k then she goes to find her friends. She goes and zaps to to the garage where like where everybody is and that she brings them to dorian's as well. So everybody is in the same space Zelda wakes up at that moment in time and she's like I know what to do now and she's looking for held up. But Hilda is still not awake yet. So then she's like, I think I know how to figure this out. We're going to go to the Spellman grave and whoever's brave enough to like stay there. We're gonna like bring my sister back. So she calls on a brand-new I guess leader or god or goddess, whatever named Hecate e and it's and it's the triple goddess. It's the goddess of Witchcraft and apparently it's like she's been the basis of Witchcraft since the very beginning and I wrote down that it's surprising that they haven't been like praying to her this whole time, but I'm now reading it back saying she was the goddess of Craft, which means that the men probably weren't like involved in that goddess, you know what I mean? So now that the women are having like their moments like she can now like prey to this one specific goddess. Yeah. Yeah for the power so it's a really really cool scene like everybody's like Miranda Otto who plays Zelda is like doing the six scene where she's like screaming to the heavens saying this whole prayer trying to get her sister back. And sure enough like right at that last moment like the storm is brewing everybody's looking and trying to get her back and Hilda's like hand like pops out of the ground and she's okay. She's back to she's back from the dead. And so this is when everybody had needs to kind of like reconvene, but again, like I said, this is one block wide would have gone to the house. Everybody is currently at the Spellman household like all of the witches like everybody still hanging out because they're there to support Zelda. Right? So your assumption is that like he's not going to go into the house because he's already like he's not going to be able to make it or whatever. Right? Right, but I guess if we want to talk about timelines, maybe he showed up beforehand before they got back to the house before they got to the graveyard to bring Hilda bag, but they never showed that scene. So yeah, I I kind of feel like that was a bit of a miss that that Because I wanted to know that that's still happen the fact that he still took the egg the fact that he still had Agatha with him the fact that he took the kids like those are pretty major thing. You can't you can't not show that like, how do you we're sitting here wondering when the fuck did this happen? And then in the end the episode we see him with the egg and we seeing with the twins and were like right key, but when did this happen and how exactly so I think that was the biggest Miss of this episode like now that we're talking about it. I'm like, yeah, they definitely never showed that they never liked it. Explain how he got into the house how he was able to take all those things and then just like show back up where he needed to show back up at the very end of the even like even a smallest line of like even when they were doing the scene with him and he could be like, hahaha. I saw the egg without them noticing doughnut like even something like, oh, you're like, oh true like he was still able to steal it but there's no it's like they shot that scene like they never connected that scene to like the main episode. Right what I wonder and hope that maybe they'll show it in the very beginning of Season 2 just start your story line off and we it feels like the benefit though. Like it feels lazy and greedy want to answer that question. Yeah, but like it's fucking that's a huge question is huge of course. Yeah, sir. So, yeah, I was a little disappointed because just because they've been so tight on their storylines. They've been really tight in terms of making sure everything makes sense that I'm surprised that they missed that like they wrote that seat and then like that's what explain it for sure. And that's why I'm the most shocked at that because they did such a good job with tying up a loose end. Hens but somehow the biggest scene and really the biggest Cliffhanger for next season is left unanswered exactly and that to me it I don't know it just doesn't feel right. It's tight a little bit anyway, so In This Moment everybody's good to go Sabrina's like okay. I'm going to go find the real world while because she's the last virgin technically and the she's coming up with a plan. She's like, okay. I'm going to use word. Well, but like we'll see how it goes. She's kind of looking in the corner with all the witches and she's like, maybe I'll use them. And then Ambrose Alda hilden Prudence are now tasked to like put everybody to sleep in the town which is like extra because like they literally all have like another fucking musical moment or they're all like singing to the rest of the town. So Ambrose held a Zelda Prudence. They're all in a like in a circle and they're singing the song like everyone in the world go to sleep now, so everybody passes out so they don't go to this Carnival because then that means that like, they'll capture. And like sacrifice to the green God whatever so cuts to the carnival pens. Like where is everybody we told him there was going to be like free shit here. Like what the hell? Why aren't they here? But everybody sleeping so obviously nobody shows up and then Robyn comes in with Ward. Well, yeah, and she's got and she's tied up and he's like well use her because she's the last virgin that I was able to scout so you can use her and he's like, okay. Well then let's do this. So he's all excited. They do the whole ritual. They put her inside of it at this point in time. Did you think that it was going to be like they're actually just like sacrificing this bitch because she's like she fucking shot Zelda. I definitely knew something was up and they had a plan because it's like girl you got that you got a second chance at saving the universe, like don't fuck it up like yeah do it the right way, you know, and there was a really cool way to do it. So they put her in the wall or they put her in the green man. They do the whole ritual but as she's like Like getting like absorbed the whole green man goes like brown and then it starts to fall apart. It starts to turn into poison, whatever. They're like what the fuck is happening and then you realize that it's that which it was it's the one which that is able to control like plants and yeah death and disease and shit. Yeah, and she's the one that her name is pestle. Yeah, and she glamoured she glamour her to look like And while but then you also find that Robin was glamoured was a glamour from Sabrina so it out. It actually was Sabrina that sick. Yeah, so it was like a sick like double twist Sabrina has her moment where she's like bitch what the fuck the one thing I will say that I guess it's like a little tiny thing but these pagans have been like Soul it on like tracking down virgins and finding, you know, like you're right but like they couldn't sense that this Was the witches like I'm kind of shocked that they were able to get trick so easily by the way thing, right? Like like you you hype up these people the entire season and they're like this Mega villain of the Season. Yeah, and then it's literally a fucking glamour trick that gets you guys like that's true to me a little again. It's a little cheaper when it's like yeah, bro. You did all this regalia sure you're doing all these intense like storylines and twists and turns and at the end of the day you just do a glamour spell on these people. I know like you're right. They should be able to see through a glamour spell like come on sure the fucking gold her until then into a spider like yeah, I'm sure they can sense when like something isn't right and it's true like your they keep talking about the great God Pan the great God pan. I'm like, what is this panting fucking you said last episode 2 like didn't do anything at all. Yeah, so it really quickly shows like in this moment as the whole plan is being revealed that Sabrina put the real world while to Sleep like she's passed out in her house and she erases her memory. So now we know that in this new storyline. She's not going to be a problem for the Spellman family. Like she doesn't think that they're witches and she's not going to go and fucking shoot everybody. So In This Moment, it's like a really it's a really cool scene. I'm kind of cutting it short but the entire coven shows up and attacks all the pagans be like they were like drive them all out of our town and make sure like, none of them are left here. So it's not even just like drive them out, but also like kill whoever you can catch because it was like a full full out free for all and so everybody kind of has like a moment of Vengeance. The first one is Roz wanting to go and kill the gorgon and she's like, I'm going to go into the tent. I'm going to kill that bitch and Harvey's look no I can do it because I'm like a man and so he goes in and he's it will he was so cute. He was like, I've seen Clash of Titans I could I've it work. For Perseus, it'll work for me and I guess in that movie. He uses a mirror to see where the Gorgon is because if you look into her eyes, you'll turn into stone and die. So he tries to do that in the fucking tent right away. He sees her but like the the fucking mirror cracks in his hand and she's like you think you can do that. I'm just like Harvey sauce like I get to help but like you just can't do this right now. You are not suppose. This is the third fourth time that he's like to do. And failed like miserably like bro just go away which isn't Carnaval alone. Like the carnival is not his place like kind of a hero. It's a not go to the carnival can't even like bang that thing to like make it go up or whatever. He's just like a fail all good word. So Right In This Moment, he's about to get attacked. He's about to get killed andraz comes in of course and Saves. The Day slice is the girl's head off with a sword and then she even says she's like Oh, well, maybe we can use his head for like a future situation because the Gordon had can still turn people to Stone if you if they look into the head so it's like that's the power it has and I'm sure that I'll come back around in another like episode or season. So then we get a sick moment with Hilda visiting Cersei and so she's in her 10. She's like packing up and she's like, oh hey, where are you going? Where do you think you're going? And so she's just like Just want to go but Hilda looks like going off on her because at this point in time, we're also assuming that Cerberus is dead. So Hilda is like in pain. So she's still like feeling that like you fucking turn me into a spider and I killed my goddamn boyfriend. Yeah wrong with you. Fuck you. So yeah, she's like, let me show you my other Talent. She's like you told me that I didn't really have a lot of abilities when one of my abilities is to do this. She pulls out of this part like like a fake dollar whatever like a A thing doll who do doll and she fucking like rips her to shit like she sound effects in this mean so like in sick. She like okay. We're so satisfying though because like this bitch like really literally ruins like being tortured. Yeah. So fucking tortured just like snaps their arm snaps. Our next aren't stops your legs. Like it was a very crazy scene and just like the contoured contorting of that woman's body. Yeah, you guys are intense but So basically, you know, she gets her Vengeance. It was a really sick moment. I loved it so much and then like she dies and then the final one is with pain and she he sees Zelda and Ambrose kind of in the distance and they're coming after him and he's like did you forget that? Like, I'm the great God pan. He turns into the pan and he's like my eyes alone will make you go crazy. Like you'll turn crazy once you like see my face or here. My voice or something and she's like, yeah, that's fine. And then right in that moment Prudence like comes from behind and like stabs him through through the chest or whatever. So he gets killed loved it. Everybody's dead. It was such a sick moment. What a great way for the coven to come back together and Destroy these motherfuckers. Yeah. I was just like happy to see his very very satisfying so then it cuts back to the Spellman household and everyone's like cheersing. Everybody's happy everybody's Good and the sisters are basically like okay. Well, I guess like we're done now and does that mean that you're going to be going back to how she was like, yeah, I guess like that's going to be my thing now like I'm going to be the queen of hell and it was a really emotional moment because they basically say like we never really wanted you to do this like yeah, just so happened it just and she's like, it's my destiny. Like what else do you want me to do? Yeah, so I thought that was really cute and then everybody else has kind of all these like moments. They're closing up all the Storylines because like everything's done now so Robin and Theo have a quick moment and he decides that he's going to stay in Greendale. So now we know he's going to like kind of stick around as like a character for next season Harvey and Roz have a moment where they finally like say I love you and then they finally have sex like they finally fuck so actually like does it is it signed sealed and delivered and you know, I am making the assumption that like it cuts to them like making out really hard and then like it's happening so So I know that you mentioned before that you didn't you wanted Sabrina to like get her cherry pop by him. Yeah, but it looks like he's going to already have like I thought it was going to be both of them like losing their virginity to each other but it looks like he's gonna like have sex with Roz obviously so like they're done. How do you feel about that Dynamic? Do you feel like it still could happen with Sabrina order think it could still happen. I just think for the purpose of the finale they needed to wrap things up with him and Roz because yeah. Yeah, Sabrina was doing her own thing with hell so like they couldn't really get him to go to her and plus she did the things spell right? What the what the candles right? Yeah. It's true knows like who knows what the hell like consequences of that spell is going to be next season. I'm excited they do with that but no it was fine made sense. So cutting to another thing that made sense and was really really cute Hilda. Like I said things that Cerberus is dead at Point so she goes downstairs to say goodbye to his body and he's like coming out of the fucking unwrapped. Well, she's like what the hell and she's like, oh my God, I didn't kill you. I actually just like put you to sleep and like wrapped you up for like a snack a little later and he's like, of course. I'm a little snack. That's so sick seems so cute and they're so cute. And of course, I never want anything to happen to him and to their relationship. I love them together. But again, like right when you think like do you actually fucking killed someone off the show? Yeah. Yo They're like, oh no, he was just like he was like like just sitting in the Cocoon like he was good. I'm like, yeah. Okay, like when is show does this you know for the future it always feels like they're never going to go there. And so you're never right feeling scared or like there's a there's going to be a risk taking because they're clearly not doing it like they killed right one person this season. That's it. Yeah, so and let and like to your point. It's really interesting because it totally breaks. You're the one like you and be always say where it's like if I don't See the death on skin then it didn't really happen. Like we saw so many deaths on screen and none of them technically happened the one death that actually stuck we never saw it on screen. Yeah, we're now supposed to assume that like she's actually dead and it does leave like a very like empty feeling in your some of you like that didn't feel like it panting. I don't even know some yeah, I know. Yeah, that's kind of suck. But yeah, it's just interesting that it went that way and I was like this totally breaks all of them bees rules. Like the fact that she died off screen totally. Um anyway, so she's happy Hilda's happy. So I am glad about that. You're right. It wasn't high stakes. Like it was high stakes in that moment. I really did think he was dead. So we got two episodes to mourn him and then he came back to life and I was like, okay. I'm happy that like they have their moment like I want to see wedding. So I'm really excited. So then it cuts the prudence and Ambrose Ambrose has a home and Prudence comes to visit and she's like well, Just letting you know that we found Dorcas his body in the dungeons like she's dead. She was killed by Agatha and she's like having a little breakdown and she basically says like if we kill black wood when we could have in Scotland. Yeah, maybe all of this wouldn't have even happened and she blames Ambrose directly and says, like you're the one that told me not to kill him. It's your fault and that's it. So that's when they like break up. She's like Fuck this I'm out. I mean, it was just such a powerful scene and like and it was really emotional. I could almost got me like I almost started to cry because the only reason why she would be hurt by him is literally this reason like yes. Yes exactly. You know, she goes I was gonna kill him and you fucking stop me and now look what happened. I lost my sister and all this other stuff but her like the pain that you see in her eyes like I'm like, oh my God like yeah. This is always gonna be a point of You know something like yeah in their relations, even if they get back together next season or whatever like she's always gonna feel like he done fucked her up because of this moment. Yes a hundred percent. So he Deb's she's over at and I'll talk about this now because it does like keep cutting back and forth. But she ends up back at the Academy. She sees Nick kind of sitting on the steps by himself all lonely. And so they kind of console each other because she's broken. He's broken he's alone. Alone, and they just like start talking. How do you feel about a new Rising couple for season? I don't mind. I didn't mind it. I think that they naturally come together because of what they've just gone through in this yes episode and like they're really both like kind of sexual and like they're like 40 as at like fuck and like I could see that attraction. I don't see them like having like this crazy Bond, but I do feel like them getting together is definitely going to to hurt Ambrose and Sabrina and like it's just really more tension. Good point. Yeah, that's a good point. So then it cuts to Zelda and Marie talking in the house. Yeah. She basically explains like where they're at. Now some reads like so what are you guys? Who are you like, who are you worshiping and Zelda says were the order of Hecate e now we're worshipping the three-in-one which is like the I forget what it is. It's like the hag the something to something. And Maurice keeps saying she's like, I'm great. I'm glad that you guys are like back together or whatever, but I think that you need to hone in on all of your like crew now because I feel an even darker Force coming and you need to now harness your coven's power and prepare them for a war and so like zeldin they're just both talking and like it's just an intense scene and Zelda's like so does that mean that you're going to stay and Marie's like yeah. If you'll still have me and she's like Mama alone, so thank you. Okay guys legit if you want to talk about what the f moment like so the degree of like how like my jaw dropped in this moment. I was on the subway watching this on like public transport and my head like my neck like popped out and my jaw was I won't because I didn't see it coming at all. Like wait what? Well guys I was gag like that. I didn't see it coming. Like didn't once give each other like googly eyes like didn't like once like check each other out nothing like it was totally platonic and then all the sudden it turns to this case like I did love it, but I was like it legit came out of fucking nowhere fully fully know where it definitely didn't make like a hundred percent sends, but now that I'm watching a back you do notice that like, you know, she always liked looks at Marianas like especially in the very beginning she was like who are you to come in? So Like territorial specifically on Marie not any of the other witches know what I think I think it's like this power like they're both very powerful women. And so there's like that attraction between the two of them already right? I can see it that way maybe yum. And also we have to remember like witches are different like they said if in the beginning which is having a different energy that there's no such thing as like straight gay whatever like they're all just like they love energy and like people whatever totally fine. I just wish they had a Seen somewhere along the way we're like like even when she was trying to heal Zelda if she like touched her in a certain way or like looked at a certain weight. I would have been like whoa, like is she down for her and like whatever but there was nothing like that. So like just for them to kiss I was like, oh that there was something this entire time but like I didn't see it. Like I just wish they had built it up a bit more. I almost feel like like even in that moment. Zelda was like, oh shit. What am I doing? Like? Oh sick. Like I guess I'm kissing her now, you know like yeah, it was just like a shock for the entire group. You bowl including the audience. I just it was such a great moment. I loved it the the lack of setup and the fact that it just kind of came out of nowhere really worked for me at least like in that moment. I was like, this is great. So back into back. Inhale. She has to like dip and she needs to like go down there and like switch places. So she actually no she doesn't go back in Thailand switch places. She yes, does she? Yes, So In This Moment tell goes back down but she goes back as the current Sabrina the one that we saw from the very beginning of the episode so the one who's like done doing all of this she goes down in her little like Hood again and she stops another Sabrina, so now there's if correct me if I'm wrong she says to that Sabrina don't go and talk to Judas He's going it's actually caliban and he's going to switch that shit. So don't go over there into that corner. And then she said actually maybe what you should do is switch places with me so you can rule above and I can rule down here because like I want to stay down here and have powers queen of hell and you want to go up and like be a regular teenager. It works out perfectly for us, but it is a little confusing because I think They did mention that the ninth circle of hell is in its own Ambrose called it like a Time pocket, like basically things keep happening over and over again in that space. I don't know exactly what that meant. But she goes back into a time where she's not yet in the wall, which I was a little confused by. Yeah. I was so confused by this because because at that point in time, she could have gone and waited for her to go into the wall and then switch places with her, but then I was like what like I Anyway, I feel like maybe that's what would have happened. But I just got confused. I was like this is too much. So so she does decide like that's going to happen. She's like, let me just take care of one thing. She goes over to the wall. She's about to give the thing to cat judah's and then she stops it and she's like, I know it's you caliban get the fuck out of here and she like freezes him into the rock forever and then she like disappears and then so Sabrina goes back to life. The regular level and she's like I want the Rick a Leah, here's the last coins and she's about to get coordinated or she gets coordinated. It's a very long scene and it cuts back and forth between different scenarios, but she gets crowned queen of Hell. She's wearing like fucking Queen Elizabeth out like an outfit but how do we feel about her now being queen of Hell, how do you feel? Well, I don't mind it. But the way fucking Ambrose was glitching out of the NL as I What? Yeah, I guess something's really going to have like something bad's really gonna happen when I go down. Yeah, did you notice war world will like I was trying to pay close attention to wardrobes face the entire time where I guess like Lilith Madam Satan, do you think that she was cheesed or was she like, okay Sabrina like you're going to be queen of hell now like I don't know how to like, I don't know how to punch about her. I feel like I feel like she doesn't even know what side she's on right now. Like right. She's literally carrying like this the the son of Satan, right? Right true true weeks. So I do feel like she's still like Sabrina's my chick. But like I also am carrying like a son of Satan so like I'm gonna get lit soon to so yeah, I definitely feel like next season. I can see the Devil in Her Like becoming like the villains of the season right make sense. The what do you think Paul's? Yeah, I do I was I was kind of confused about like what their relationship is now and how it stands because you're right now she has a child so she doesn't have to form a relationship with Sabrina. But at the same time now Sabrina's technically the queen of hell, so is she going to try to Dethrone her? Is she going to try to kill her? Like I actually would not be surprised if Lilith out some point in time tries to take hold of hell and kills the hell Sabrina without realizing that Sabrina is like fine and alive on the top part. Yeah, that'll be really good. Maybe like they'll end up leading slyke separate lives and something shit will happen to one of them are either. Of them and then the other one has to come back to like fix everything out. I like that. So yeah anyway, so that happened she's coordinated back of the Spellman house. She comes back and she's like, oh, hey just like figure I don't want to be there anymore. Like I just want to spend time with my family and they're like, okay cool and Ambrose. This is when Ambrose like kind of calls around. He's like, okay, like what the fuck is going on like he takes her aside and he's like you've been acting So weird ever since we went back like that whole thing happened before they even pagans thing. He's like something, you know something that I don't know and I need to know and so basically she explains the whole rule the whole thing that there's another version of herself down. Inhale leading. Hell. Yeah. He's like you basically created in time Paradox. He's like, he's like, do you even know what you're doing? Do you know what you just did it? Come to be like, what did she do? Like tell me more like I hate when they do that like he's freaking the fuck out and he's not saying like What are the consequences all right, why are we freaking out? I mean, I think the Freak Out is the fact that she used time travel to create a second version of herself. That is now creating a another future or like something is already happening. Like she's creating a new present using her a another body. So I understand what he's saying like it does create something like a Time Paradox, which means that whose storyline is going to continue now that both of them are still alive. And how she's like if either of them find out like if your aunt's find out that there's another version of you in hell or if Lilith finds out that you're still up here then like everything's going to go to shit like it's going to fall apart. I think even telling him might have changed something because at the very end of their story line, they're sitting at the table and the clock Falls onto the floor and she's like Okay, so Oh some and he's already alluding like shit's gonna go down. You fucked something up. Like we're just going to wait to see how that goes down basic. Yeah, and then we have the final scene in the green with green wood forest and block Wood has now taken the kids and the Egg. So as we mentioned we already talked about it, but there doesn't really make any sense how he got the egg and the kids if they were all hanging out at the house this whole the whole time. You know what I mean? Yeah. So like the question that I said is are we to assume that he went in there after they all went and killed all the pagans like it's a very very weird pothole. But like like you said if we don't get that kind of covered later and then it'll be pretty little pretty be pretty sad and pretty disappointing that the show didn't cover that whole lot because you're right that is basically the impetus for the rest of the next season like he's going to be one of the main villains I guess because What he does in this moment as he releases the egg on the like table and Agatha's like Father. What have we birthed and he says the beginning of the end Agatha the end of the Spellman's the end of all things and then he has this like maniacal laugh and then the whole episode ends and the season is over. Yeah. So yeah, everything is kind of all set up for the next season. Suffer this big weird thing that happened with Blackwood. I am intrigued. I don't know how I feel about like creepy monster running around and like what does that entail especially if it has to do with time travel? I'm gonna like lose my shit. Like if it's gonna get there. Is there a possibility that like, he's still stuck in his batty bat like dream see I thought about that too, but then I was like then but in this current timeline, she didn't do the baddie bad thing. Do you know any mean unless we're still just watching his nightmare the fact yes, like still living his own crazy. Yeah, and that's what we're seeing. But I don't know if they would go that far. I don't know if that makes any sense. Yeah, I'm not jaykar if they really don't want to go through with hit that storyline. They could totally just write it off like that. Like it was part of the stream full. Yeah fully like if they just want to like kind of do like a different direction for next season hundred percent. Yeah, I do feel like these guys are a little smarter than our regular. Errors, I won't mention any other shows, but I think that they know that they did it. I just want to see how they're going to like maneuver the answer for us because I think it's going to be important to get why this happens. Yeah, that is the episode. That was the season. What a good season. Yeah. It was really well done. I think I think they did a great job with connecting everything as much as they could. Yeah, I could tell that they covered up their loopholes. You know, they were really smart about their writing. And I appreciated that it was a good season. It was it was really good. Yeah, it was very good. Let's get into our we can find a recap roundups. Best moment was my best moment. It's you know, I think the whole episode was really really impressive like really it was it was it was really good, but I think my best moment is the moment with prudence and Ambrose because I do feel like they really linked. Consequences of like what? Yeah Ambrose did all the way at the beginning of the season and like all the things that happen because of that right? He was like, but you did that still and like look what happened now and so it just makes me feel like the world is more real and the world is more connected because certain things that happened in the beginning, you know have consequences at the end and just seeing her face and like I think she's an amazing actress. I love the two of them together and like they were hot all season and now they're like, you know, Broken up and I'm like, I can't wait to see how they sort of come back together next year, you know. Yeah fully. Yeah, that's a good point. I really did like them together. It was a really good moment to to see how you know it all kind of fell apart, even though there was still solve the entire season for sure and I think like even Pastor because you know, they love to like fuck but like clearly their relationship is way more than a physical connection like yeah, so see how you like. Yeah like to see her be like I trusted you like you fucked me over I should have killed him. College and now like it's just a different level of hurt that I think you would only really put on to someone who like you're like in love with like you're a comfort sure you don't love with this person. So it was it was cute. Yeah loved it. Mira's woman's gonna go to hell de taking her revenge on Cersei that was like the best moment for me because I wanted to see that happen ever since you know, she goes and turns into a spider in fact like her so whole storyline was so sad this season and her to take the Revenge that she needed to like make herself feel better like this and it's not just like Sabrina who's like usually pretty ruthless that gets fucking Hilda who's like the nicest person ever. Yeah. So for her to go this far, you know that you like fucking was in pain and so like it was just like I was the guy right like she's like, it was a really sick moment to see her like take that revenge and like Snap her neck and shit I was like get it girl and she'd look like legit out what that shit all season but yeah so it's hard Jon time coming WTF moment your WTF moment I think it was the same woman as yours with Zelda kissing Marie yeah bullshit because I just feel like I was like whoa like it was really not see that coming out look at you want to say WTF moment definitely like Wonder lat Is that happening here like considering this whole episode was about time travel and it could have got us confused. That could have been our one what the fuck but yeah, literally like Zelda kissing fucking hurry. Yeah. We're like, that's the what the fuck moment of this episode for sure that came out of nowhere, but I am also very excited to see was like power couple potentially come forward and I like like I said, I think in the very beginning especially when they introduced brand new characters, I'm always worried about what their intentions are. I hope they still maintain her. As like a good person like throughout the residential like yeah, I think we're out of the woods and assuming that she is a bad character like she's a villain but we'll see I always worry about guest stars because they're either going to die leave or be evil, you know, like yeah and herds intentions can definitely change throughout next season that yeah, that's a good point too and like they practice different magic. She's Voodoo. Like what what how is that going to change? Like it'll be interesting to see what gets adopted? It's a brand new coven like Just excited to see ya gonna do with the whole season. Next season MVP who's MVP? I'm gonna give it to Sabrina. You know, I think she obviously saved the freaking Universe. I think she needed two versions of herself to do that jump. She couldn't do it just herself, but it was also yeah like she still save the world she trying traveled so I'm gonna give it to the girl. Yeah, it's her name on the show. So like yeah, but I like going back to what I said about Hilda. I'm giving it to Hilda for sure just because of like how she just strengthened up and was able to like do what she did. I loved her moment this episode but also just as an overall I want to do I do want to give it to the writers too. I think they did a fantastic job this season. I was very pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the season considering one. These episodes are very long and too. To show about magic and Magic can get very very hokey. It can get very very like cheesy a lot in a lot of shows that I was just impressed that they like maintained the line that they maintain when it comes to a comic book show about magic. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, you got it didn't get to the point where I was like, oh my God, what a fucking boring like thing or the weirdest moments were probably the musical moments, but they did those on purpose. So I'm like, okay. I'll give you those but they just they wrote it. So well outside of that one little pothole that we talked about already everything made sense like the the character development considering how large the cast is they did a fantastic job. Like they didn't leave anyone out that we talked about outside of maybe Dorcas who just fucking got killed off another plot hole that I was a little disappointed about but outside of those two. I was like impressed by their season for sure. Yeah. Well done. Guys, well done OPP who's your VP LBP? I'm going to give it to the Devil Himself. I said, I think I said this couple episodes ago to I feel like he hasn't done anything like legit like we'd like other than like separating himself from black wood, which I don't get why it took him so long to do that because he's the fucking double like he's been done. He's done nothing all season and like all this shit's been going on and he still hasn't played any part in any of it. Like he's you know, he was nowhere to be found within this he's Finale so. Yeah, it's just kind of like, okay, like you're not even that scary dude. Yeah, it's it's that you're definitely right. He definitely didn't play like the role that we were expecting him to play the season but at the same time I was like there really wasn't a place for him like but they're kind of was though like like I wish I wish the Drina could go up to him to be like look I got this issue. What do I do? Like, even though he saw the devil and he still evil I wish that there was still some sort of dynamic between the two of them where he could be like you should Like do this you should do this. Like that would have been really cool to see I don't know. I don't know. He did give advice wherever he could but like they weren't always on the same side the entire time like yeah like yeah like his storyline was a little wonky this up this season for sure. My Loop is going to go to Agatha. I was just bummed that she just became a villain like she just followed. She's like following Blackwood now, they didn't really dive too deep into like how she came to that conclusion where she can. Yeah. She has been betrayed by her. Coven or whatever. They do it for like 5 seconds in one of the episodes were he like appears to her and he's like look what they're doing to your they're like treating you like shit. She's like that she converted. Yeah. She like just converts right away. I was like all those years and then you fucking kill your sister of how many years just because you've gone crazy for one episode. Like I was a little bummed about that and I do love her as an actress who I think she's like a beautiful talented actress and I I'm just sad that the weird sisters are all like kind of Jointed right now and it just like makes me sad that we have to come to terms with the fact that Dorcas is actually dead like Prudence is all depressed. Like I don't know. I like their unit. It's almost like to me. It's almost like breaking up the Josie and the Pussycats. Yeah, that's how I feel. So anyway, we'll see how that goes for next season. The best long was your best line my best line. I'm gonna I just read this piece in an article and I want to discuss it with you quickly. It's the part where I Ambrose is a kind of freaking out at Sabrina at the end and he goes around vacations of this are horrifying at best. He says not to mention little little with definitely noticed that something is up and then that leads the writers to write about Sabrina's total lack of concern is very characteristic of the girl. She was several episodes of goal. And I'm sorry to say that none of the experiences. She had in the interim have made her a more mature or thoughtful individual and true. It's so fucking true like she'll get is just the girl from last season like you haven't anything girl in this entire season like you just gonna be like I checked everyone and yeah and I know that I was going to be like what that Sabrina but you can't do that like she is growing she's like she needs green he needs to learn like along the way and he the writers right here like the writer of this review like it's like she she basically ignored everything she went through the season and if so the young immature girl that she was so it's like where are we left now in the season finale yeah 100% like she doesn't really get the character development that she deserves and she she shrugs off of her problems as if it's not going to create full chaos and another episode she already knows how important she is and she like done fuck this shit up anyway you're right like it's true though I will say that like the writers would probably just defend her and say well she's Sabrina she's the central character she's like the Archie of this of the show right like Archie does dumb shit all the time and people just have to kind of react it and it Like its chilling Adventures of Sabrina. This is her Adventure. I'm doing some dumb crazy shit. So we just kind of have to follow it and hope that you know, they developer character in different ways, which I feel like they have and that's the thing like a part of me does agree with what the writer just what you're saying and what the writer said, but at the same time. I'm like, I don't know like she broke up with Nick and she had her powerful moment. So she is growing in different ways. That's true. That's true. All of like she's not growing in all of the ways. We're trying to Grow, this is a teenage high school student. Like she's never going to be like this wise say she's going to keep making mistakes over and over and over again until she figures it out like time Paradox. She's never dealt with it. So like I can understand that she's gone. She's I guess like doesn't know how to approach it. Even if he was like her tone in that last moment like yeah, you're right, maybe okay. I'll deal with this like awesome. I'll deal with it when it comes up next year. She was like, okay. Well, obviously, it's gonna come back to bite you so get ready. No, it's true. Yeah, it's true. She should. Is be prepared for something? Yeah, like just I just sound like you have a plan like just sound like you have a plan. That's all right. It's true like and if season 4 episode 1 she's like, I don't know what's happening. I'll be like bitch. Are you fucking seriously? You know exactly what's happening. Yeah. No, it's a good point. My bus line is gonna go to when Helga sorry Zelda how God has a Zelda throws that whole like Seance or whatever to bring Hilda bag. And she says we're descended of all means mothers and Crohn's and so we call on the three-in-one be calling which is stretching back from the beginning of time to the end of days we call on ourselves the power that we have been denied imbue us with them. Hecka T and we shall pray to you morning noon and night and we shall live to honor die three phases died three forms, and then like she pops out of the ground. It was just such a powerful moment the acting on this was on fucking point Miranda Otto killed it like Her little monologue. Once you says we call in ourselves. I got shivers down our my spine just thinking about how it because this show really like and we've said this many times this season and throughout this whole show that they really do push the fact that this is a very female-driven cast. It's about a female witch and how she's trying to like rise above the oppression of humanity and which we like which kind and and this is an amazing moment to see the like The Sisterhood this coven is coming back together and they're now going to praise another female strong female character like this. Hecka tea, yeah goddess, and it's just it was beautiful to see like how everybody breath blood banded together to like get hilde back was it was a really cool moment for sure. And that is it guys few announcements. We have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a Amazon gift card and pop socket to enter just read comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're sending these concepts of end of Riverdale season four. So I know that this this podcast is ending but if you want to know who wins then just keep us into a river to a podcast and make sure you guys are commenting to enter I like to take this time to thank our patrons of the episode are rewind a squad white Nicole Faith. Let me winders Tina and Arts Arena slake a and Jessica and her mom rewinder is Becca Sarah Tabla and Grace. Thanks guys, and if you would like to join our patreon family check us out at patreon.com slash recap underscore rewind if we join you access to All Things recap, you want exclusive contest content and updates and also make sure they're checking this on Oliver socials Instagram Twitter YouTube Facebook. You can also find us on Google+ cast Spotify and iTunes like subscribe follow review and comment to say engage with us a recap rewind. Thanks for listening guys. Bye.