This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible if it wasn't possible. Why would you even try but third a realization that failing to attain Holiness and Heaven is also possible if it was guaranteed. Why would you have to try? So hope is to desire God. to actively pursue Union with him trusting that all of his grace and help will be there to achieve the goal. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners. Owners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. Hail Mary full of grace the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit. Getting is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus. Save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy. There are two kinds of hopelessness two things that can cause us to abandon our pursuit of God. Despair and presumption despair is the failure to strive after Union with God because we don't think becoming a saint as possible or we want something else than God or more than God. We don't want to give up our disordered attachments or we are just too busy pursuing lesser Goods. Sloth or a chain Dia is a form of Despair sloth is to resent the greatness to which we have been called because we know it's going to be difficult. Hey, I don't want to be great. I don't want to become a saint. Do you realize how much work and what a hassle it is to be great. Do you realize how many sacrifices I'll have to make to be at that ass ain't no. Thanks. This is sloth. But despair can also come from fear fear that God may ask of us something that we think will take away our happiness. Or that he will ask of us something that's beyond our strength don't give into this temptation. God only desires one thing your greatest happiness and he will always give you the grace to do his will. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us. Sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour, Our of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of Grace the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art. Oh thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus give us our sins. Save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy. Another form of Despair is distraction. We spend our lives settling for mediocre Pleasures mediocre achievements mediocre loves and he had in the back of our mind. We know we should be going after more. So we do our darndest to forget about those higher things. Think of the example of procrastinating for a test. Let's say you're in the library, but you don't want to study you don't even want to think about the test. So you look for anything to distract you you read a magazine article. That's not even interesting vase painting an ancient Siam you doodle on your page you look around the library for people, you know, even if you can't stand them and you try to start up a conversation and the whole time. Pursuing these stupid activities. You're really very bored. And you know, you should be doing something else you have this sick feeling in your stomach that tells you you're going to fail the test. This is our society. We know we should be pursuing higher things, but we don't really want to talk about it and we don't want to think about it. So we look for anything that can distract us anything that can drown out the guilt. Have you noticed how there's never any silence? And I think we do that on purpose. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Yes is stay our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation, but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us. Sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. When you know Mary full of grace, the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace the It is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women. Blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus. Us forgive us our sins save us from the fires of Hell, they'd all souls to Heaven. Especially those most in need of thy mercy. The second kind of hopelessness is presumption. I'm as good as saved already. I believe in God now, I'm not perfect but on a fairly good person. I've committed no grevious crimes and with this attitude, we become satisfied with our growth in virtue and we just maintain the status quo at best and we don't seriously strive after God or Heaven because we think we're already guaranteed them. So we are overconfident in our own powers, but the fact is that God won't Force us to choose him and if Live our life in such a way that we never choose him by doing those things that Foster a deep friendship with God. He will allow that. That's what hell is our own decision not to foster a deep friendship with God and it results in an eternity without him. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven, give us this day our daily bread and Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation. But Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. Womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God. Pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour, The hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of Grace the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou women blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as he was me getting us now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus for your us our sins. Save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy. So hope is to desire and strive after Union with God. Holiness in heaven trusting in his grace to support us and to have hope we need the virtue of magnanimity magnanimity comes from two words Manya animus to have a great soul. Magnanimity is the desire and virtue to achieve the purpose for which God created us to be magnificent to become a saint and the magnanimous man feels his potential for greatness desires and strives after it with the help of God's grace. So what must we do to reach our full potential as Sons and Daughters of God first one to become a saint second receive the Eucharist and the sacrament of reconciliation as often as you can. third live a life of deep prayer prayer is the self opening of the human Spirit to God says Pope Benedict. practice daily meditation, especially through the Rosary fourth Honestly, identifying root out your vices and venial sins which are self-destructive. Do this through a daily examination of conscience followed by a frequent confession of sins. And then practice the virtues faith. Hope love prudent Justice fortitude and temperance. Live a balanced life fulfill the duties of your Seattle of life and finally just simply abandon yourself completely to God's Providence. And he will work everything for the greatest good. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners. Now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus forgive us our sins. Save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy say Michael the Archangel defend Us in battle be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil. May God rebuke him we humbly pray and do thou Prince of the Heavenly Host by the power of God cast into hell Satan and all the evil spirits who prowl throughout the world seeking the ruin of souls in the name of the father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. As I said yesterday more and more people ask me what I mean by good conversation and what makes for a good conversation. So I invite you to come out this Thursday night at 7 p.m. At Holy Spirit Catholic church, or I will explain what good conversation is and how to Foster it with your spouse your kids extended family and friends and especially with difficult people. And then we will record the rosary together. So come and join us this Thursday night 7:00 p.m. Holy Spirit Catholic Church. Let's be Apostles of friendship good conversation and the rosary share this with others.