If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be found on Instagram Poshmark and YouTube under the username Posh boss Blake. Isn't that so simple? Blake is a part-time reseller living in Los Angeles and working in public relations. I do have to say I really enjoyed this conversation with Blake. He was very introspective about his reselling business. And I think a lot of you are going to enjoy hearing it. So without further Ado let's get into it. Hi Blake. Thanks for being on the podcast with me today. Hi Denali. Thank you so much for inviting me on about was perfect. I love that if anyone who is listening follows Blake on Instagram, you will have seen him saying numerous times in his Instagram stories, which I think if anything else that's a reason to follow you Blake. So sure is and just for that little clip. It's going to be three million dollars. Thank you. That's how yeah, that's how you know, you're a true reseller if you have a price for everything, so I'm really excited to have you on here you and I met this past year. I think the internet brought us together. And then we had our first encounter at Posh Fest this past year, which was a lot of fun. And then yeah, we've had the opportunity to hang out with each other when I've gone to La so which which spoiler Blake lives in La so if 10 when we didn't know Days, but before you went to LA, I know that you didn't start there. So I guess that leads me into my first question like how and when did you first start reselling? So thank you so much for asking. I unknowingly started re selling on eBay in 2004. I still have my original account. Wow. It's the one I absolutely fell on and it is a an embarrassing screen name from my childhood that I just it will not share. Actually. My sales are fine on their own but I You're gonna laugh I wanted to buy. Oh my God Louis Vuitton wallets that were clearly not real. Oh being from a smaller sounded Upstate New York. I was like, I'm gonna go on eBay. I'm gonna get this money order and send this send this money order to this person. I don't know on the internet and I'm going to get a Louis Vuitton wallet. And I dad hmm, but it was not it was like not a good fake. It was so bad. But that kind of got me on this spiral of wanting to buy things on the internet and back in 2004. Like we were still in like desktop like tube style like computers that were heavy. They were like, you know, the two partners you have the thing that went under the desk and then you had that giant monitor and I would go on on there and like look at random stuff and my mom was like, what are you doing? And I was like, I'm trying to buy stuff and then okay my love for fashion shift it for a hot second into technology. Hmm because cell phones were created and I remember being in seventh grade and I was one of the first people of my friend groups to get a cell phone and then they kept coming out with new cell phones. So I was like, I want more like I want the newest and with the latest. Greatest yeah, which is every parent's you know, they love to hear that their child wants more. So my mom was like absolutely not and I was like, well, what about eBay? She's like if you like if you figure it out and you get the money too much you want like supervised of course, right? And so that is where I started to flip the existing phones get the ticket the newest the latest and greatest. So from there. I had just randomly sold miscellaneous items. I probably cannot even recall what I sold originally in my early days, but then eventually I had casually been doing that like no no intent behind it and eventually Flash Forward to graduating college and being in New York City. I found Poshmark in 2015 download the app and was like, this is too much. I don't understand it and I deleted it. I was like, I don't care to try. It was in its early stages. So, you know, it was not exactly the most user-friendly. Hmm. So I was like No And then 2018. I found a pair of Helmut Lang jeans at Nordstrom Rack that I bought for myself that I got for $30 and I was like, you know what these have been sitting for six months in my closet and my personal closet. Let me try to flip these let's try this Poshmark thing. I think I saw like an ad or something or like an Instagram or Facebook something. I was like, let me try this. Solve this so I downloaded the app and I was like, let me really try. So I you know laid out my pants, you know made him look cute put it up and they sold for $80. So I was like, oh my God now I need to go back. I need to go back to Nordstrom Rack and like TJ Maxx and Marshalls and everything and I just gonna buy everything and makes so much money. I'm going to be rich girl girl. That was my first real hard-hitting life lesson of Retail Arbitrage is Be different than just going to a thrift store. Yeah, so that is you know something I learned literally my first intentional shopping trip. Hmm. I was able to return a couple things. I still still did not lose money, but it was that was a that was a good lesson to learn early on because it made me realize like I need to do more research. There is a world of reselling from People who do Retail Arbitrage to people who go to Thrift to people who can sign so it was really good to to see that and witness it and like learn from my mistakes. And from there on out. I was like, okay. Okay, let's let's do a little more research. So I would do what everyone does these days and I went to the Google search Google and typed in like thrift store sell online and it brought me to you. Some YouTube videos led to you know Finding what is called a reseller. Hmm and at the time like having been from New York City. I'm like I am not a street vendor like I'm not a reseller. What are you talking about? So I found this community of people that are re selling stuff everywhere. They go they buy it from a garage sale or from a thrift store and flip it online. I'm like, I've been doing this like what and people were like starting to post about financials and Lake Powell. Look at me I can do this. This and you know, I'm doing this as a side hustle and I make a consistent X meant x amount a year and I was like, that's me. I'm doing that. What are you talking about? So, you know, I put the pedal to the metal on the business aspect and I was like, I'm gonna do this so I put in the work and you know, it's been successful for me. So yeah, so when what year was it that you had those? Jeans, it was 2018. So June 2018. Okay. So were you living in La when did you move to LA? Yeah, so I moved to LA January 29th of 2016 to be exact. Yeah, just like counting. Oh, it's my and yeah, I had been working in National TV advertising in New York. Out of college. I worked for the Weather Channel right out of school is amazing. And you know, I was doing the quote unquote right things like my degree like my school was like so happy that in theory. I was following the correct path like go to school get a degree in what you want to do get that job and what you want to do like that was the formula, right? Hm. Well, it was the right formula but like it was not the right formula for me happiness. Hmm and my and my passion so I ended up quitting my job and I saved a bonus quit my job and moved across the country alone. Which that's crazy. If everyone does that, right? Yeah, totally normal. Okay. So you moved to LA in January of twenty. So a couple years into living in la-la is when you got kind of back into Poshmark. And just the thought of reselling again. Yes. Yes. So when you know, you said you made early on those mistakes of going into like TJ Maxx Nordstrom Rack and doing that Retail Arbitrage. When did it occur to you to go into like a good will or thrift store? And when you went in did you feel prepared to make purchases there? Did you know what to buy when you went in to a thrift store? So that's Great question. I think I had like I envisioned a thrift store to be you know, only what I knew like I was not an active thrifter. I did not shop at thrift stores. I was buying my clothes either like on sale from the Brand's directly but secondhand was not really something I was actively like doing so the thought of going into a quote-unquote thrift store all I Had in my head was in like no disrespect the dingy badly lit smelly stores from my Upstate Town hmm state in Yorktown. So I was like turned off from them. But then like I said when I found YouTube and saw these people going into these stores, I was like, okay. Well, they all clearly are not like what I was thinking so like let me try it out and at the time I had no idea I lived like a 50 feet away from a thrift store like behind my apartment building in the center of Hollywood. So I was like, oh my gosh, let me just walk over one day. Yeah, and I was like overwhelmed as I'm sure most people can get when they go into a store and have no idea where to start hm, but I walked in and I was like, okay, let me conquer like men's I have no idea but like let's conquer men's see if I can find something for myself because if I can find something for myself. Self. I know that what I'm looking for is nice when I you know Sleek Chic great and I eventually did I was like, okay, we're going to go back next time and maybe we'll try to find some brands that I have from like my friends closets. Hmm. And from there it just kind of started to what is that snowball into into like finding out that there are the brands that I was looking for. Yeah, and that is I'm going to say specific to a major city. I am very fortunate very lucky that because I live where I live. I have access to virtually every brand that is out there and it especially brands that are very Niche and very high-end. So, you know, I was finding that Isabel marant I was Finding Sakai. I was Finding Marnie like kind of regularly hmm those Brands, you know fluctuate with their All you but I was like, oh my God, this this world exists like this place where like people go to the thrift store and like shop for themselves. This is real people are doing this and yeah, they can get good stuff like it's crazy. So that was really exciting. And then when I found the world of shoes in the thrift stores, oh my God. Those are my shoes are my favorite thing in the world. Like I love me a good leather shoe like a buttery leather shoe because it's going to be X. Observe, you know and people always always pay for good leather shoes. Yeah, so, okay. So you said when you first went into the thrift store you went for the low hanging fruit, which is looking at, you know, men's clothing that Brands you are familiar with when did it occur to you to go over and look at women's clothing. Well, I am very familiar with women's clothing, but I was like, well, let me I don't know exactly Like what I'm looking for, so if I start with what I would personally buy for myself and see that it's working. Okay, then I can try the Brand's my friends are buying so I at the time was a personal assistant and my boss, you know, because it's very luxurious wardrobe. So I was like, you know, what I'm going to think of it was Marnie like one of her top top designers are Marnie and Rachel Comey and Isabel marant so I was like, let me go and look see if I can find this. Yeah, so it's like okay like I'm comfortable with women's fashion, I grew up with it. I am around it. I was living it in New York City and jealous of all the stuff my friends were wearing and it was before, you know, people were turning turning brands or recognizing them and being comfortable with, you know, if you're a guy wearing like a cardigan no one needs to know or it doesn't need to be discussed that it was like oh Women's cardigan like me as the sleek black cardigan fashion is fashion wear it however you want. Hmm. So that was also something that I was like, okay people want these high-end pieces because their Investments right and if you can get an investment piece for $6.99 people on the internet, you're going to want it for $40 because it used to be 400 one day, you know, right? Okay, so, okay. So you start listing the stuff on Poshmark you getting these high-end brands. Are you finding that stuff is Selling easily or quickly for you. I would say it was selling. Easily not necessarily quickly. This is this is where I was starting to learn like the demand of like what people want so I because I had really no no idea. I was like, okay, I'll get this heavy pair of jeans and this spaghetti strap top and I wasn't thinking about the seasons because in La we have fashion for every season all the time, so I wasn't thinking about people on the East Coast. When I was picking up the spaghetti straps up the middle of January great. So I was like, okay, I really need to put some effort into thought and thought into that because something like that did sit in my closet for a while. So it's like let me better tailor these items to something that will will be better on the market the current market Mmm Yeah, okay. On Spotify you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even have to have a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for flip the script on Spotify or browse plot. Us in the your library tab also make sure to follow me so you never miss an episode of flip the script And then you know Poshmark was a platform that you took over in 2018 like you said, but you had been on eBay. So I guess you know my question for you is what platforms are you selling on currently? So Poshmark is my main Bay as they says the kids as the children say these days but I would go like in order of my preference and like the amount that I saw in them. Yeah first either. The second the real real is third thread up is fourth and I'm like, I dabble I'm trying to do trade Z. I have some listed but no one's bought anything just being honest. Yeah something that people may be from New York would recognize employees called fashion file. Mmm. It was kind of like a real real before the real real really blew up. Hmm and I had found a mew mew cute little handbag definitely out of style in terms of like the data was made but it was pythons like up real - leather bag and it had aged beautifully. It was gorgeous. I got it for like literally five dollars mom and I was like, I want all I want all the money, but I don't want to do any work for this. So I take pictures sent it to Fashion file and they will give you a quote based on the pictures. So We want out of the rail, but you know you have to send in to do so. I sent them the pictures are like great will give you a couple hundred bucks. Send it to us. We'll check it out and then you'll get a Paypal payment and that's what happened. So I was like, I wish this was like all the time. So wait, this is I've not used this platform or heard of it. So this is one that's still in existence still in existence It's Fashion file, but the file part is Phi Ellie and it's all one word. Okay, and you can it's Focused mainly on current even though I just told a story about a quarterback, but I mean it was a unique write python leather bag. So yeah. Yeah, it's geared towards the high end. I'm like hi high-end stuff and they also have a fashion file Outlet which is where you could send maybe an item that is older or maybe not as a trend on Trend right now. So yeah, definitely. Hey, check it out. I highly recommend it. Okay, cool. Yeah another options. Yeah, so, okay. So you just named off like four or five different platforms that you sell on but with all of that said and we haven't mentioned it yet. You are not a full-time reseller. That is correct. So, this is your part-time gig. I mean that sounds like a lot of work that you're doing everything that you've just talked about. But but you're a part-time seller. So I mean I guess with saying whatever you're comfortable with. With you know, what is your full time job. So I am full-time a office and culture manager for a public relations firm and that firm handles lifestyle interior design and architecture Brands all skewing upscale. And I mean, it's like imagine like just getting to work with some like beautiful designers and like always Like clean nice Aesthetics around you that's the sperm and you know, I really enjoy my job. I have a great boss. They really support the work-life balance and you know, we it's up to coasts. So if I ever feel like going to New York, I can do that and say I would like to work, you know politely ask hi I would like to go to New York. Can I work for a week from that office? Hmm course the answer is yes, and I love that I have that. Disability and I love that. I have the flexibility after work to pursue other things. Yeah, definitely. Well, you have the best job title I've ever heard. It's it is it is fun. It's always actually like that out a little bit further, I guess. Like the office manager part is like obviously managing the office and Braille printer ink and toner and whatnot. But also like I got to oversee an office move and like from one building to another building and like on a daily basis. I'm dealing with you know, organizing the paths or channels of how people get information to HR or accounting or what question. Do you have for the boss who's in 16? Calls in the next two hours, right? You know, so that's the office manager part in the culture part, which is so much fun. I get to play on like the fun stuff, you know, make sure people have fun snacks and you know, they have their bubbly Seltzer Waters and you know, the Perrier can write that the fridge has that they're all stocked up and that's listen. Listen. We're in the millennial, you know realm of working these days it takes Those things to have a company and build a company that people want to stay at especially if the company, you know employees a certain demographic or an age, you know, these these people are looking for shinier things to to go along with salaries and you know, the day-to-day minutia, so, you know, I like that I get to have some part of enjoyment in this person's life. Yeah. So, okay, all of that said, I mean, it sounds like you really enjoy your job, you know my One would be for you and I you know spoiler alert because I know we're friends and I know your answer already, but I want you to share with everyone else, you know, do you want to be a full-time reseller? So when I got into Riesling and it was really going well for me and I was working very hard and kind of sacrificing to be honest my personal life to really be successful. I was like, you know what? I'm not sure that I want to be full time because the reality The full time recently see the reality of what that takes. Like regardless of where I live is a lot of work, you know, I'm a solo show. I live in a studio apartment alone. I'm single ready to mingle if you know anyone hitting up and you know, I went to Posh fast and I think we started to talk about you know me being full-time and if that's something I wanted to do and ultimately it's not and I'm going to be quite honest for what I feel are my My limits with with being able to actually go full-time is one the place that I live and choose to live that's important because I choose to live here. I live in one of the most desired cities in the country second to New York to live in and I live in the heart of it. I live in West Hollywood, California, like like the most out LOL, right? So that comes with a cost and it is high just may be able to like have a place to put my bad so You know on a single person's budget with some student loans my gosh leave leave a thumbs up or swipe up to subscribe or leave a review for student loans. It's it's a real challenge financially to be able to forecast the amount of items. I would need to sell before taxes to be able to even think about being full-time not to mention the real adult stuff here like insurance. You know your body like like for yourself and the California market place is different than other states. And I mean, I hate to be so tall but like the California market place for our health insurance is like very terrible and it's very expensive to have mediocre coverage. Hmm. So like right now I would have to pay double my current employer sponsored. Benefits might be able to have like less coverage, which is so crazy to think about. Yeah, but like that's a huge that's a huge factor in you know a salary and it's just not it's not something I can do and going back to me living in a studio. I'm at capacity. I can't do more than I'm doing. Yeah, and I'm curious to you know, besides just write it like the loss of potential benefits and the High Cost of Living of being an LA. I'm curious, you know, is there a social aspect that you would maybe miss, you know becoming a reseller and leaving your traditional job. And also I had a part two to that. I started to forget it, you know, maybe it's just like a full enjoyment of the work also. Guess that's the second part, you know, you know for some I think sometimes for people reselling is like a stepping stone along their Journey while for other people. It's like no this is my career path. So I guess that's kind of two questions if either of those made sense. Yeah. No, I think I think the enjoyment of it is actually something I would lose because it no longer is something I'm wanting to do for four. Fun or for additional income it would then become something I have to do and for most people and I will obviously speak for myself, but it is the second you said you have to do something and then there's that pressure the like the reality of what you need to produce to be able to sustain your life. Oh my gosh like that. That's not a pressure that I want to take on, you know, and I enjoy it, but I don't know that I Great enough to take that leap. Yeah, and I wouldn't want to take that leap and then realize oh my gosh, I made this big big decision big life change and here I am not able to pay my rent or you know, I couldn't pay my car payment. Like I can't take those risks, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so you kind of touched on it, but your workspace I want to come back to that. So tell tell me about well first I'm curious how many pieces do you have in your inventory? Three and then the part two so that it would be tell us about your work space. Yeah, so currently I well unlisted including unlisted inventory. I promised like a hundred and fifty a hundred seventy five pieces, which might not sound like a lot or it might for some hmm. But it's taken me a while to consistently have that amount in my closet on a regular basis with consistent sales and The Challenge and I alluded to earlier is you know, I live in roughly a 300-something ish square foot apartment. And for those who you know live in the middle of the country, you probably live in some of y'all's master bedrooms like to be quite honest, uh-huh, you know, it's a minimalist small living situation and I I lived in if you can believe it an even smaller Studio before this and when I moved I got a closet and what is the first thing I did when I moved into this new apartment with this giant closet filled it up with inventory and forgot to put my personal stuff in there sounds about right? Yeah, so, you know life a reseller. So I truly just have a limited amount of space to be able to to live a sane life and I don't mean to joke about the sanity of it all but You know, I do live in a small space where stuff does creep out, you know and just becomes like everything becomes one room. I mean it pretty much is one room. But like I come home from work. I put my bag on a little bench with my shoes. But then if I come home with bags like from the thrift store or something and then ends up on the floor because I need to wait and process it right. Let me need to take out my light kit which takes up more space and then they need to get everything up on hangers which now takes over my bathroom. Um, because that's where I do my steaming so reselling takes over my entire apartment and oh my gosh, I'm so glad we are circling back to this moment you and one of your recent podcasts talked about it was a direct quote from you. You said reselling involves a lot of things and if you have a lot of things that can overwhelm people that is me. Yeah, I've never liked that is something I have thought but like it didn't articulate and I live a minimal lifestyle like I don't Like branding on my personal clothing. I like clean spaces minimal stuff. I don't have a lot of things like for myself and reselling is the exact opposite. Yeah. So when you go out and have these like hugely successful days or like you can spend some hours at the bins and like load up on a bunch of inventory. It is immediately overwhelming the second. I walk in my apartment because I have to explode it everywhere to be right do it. All right. And that gets to me like and so I have to put a limit on myself. I was like, I cannot do more than I'm doing that's it. I gotta be able to live in my space and like enjoy my space and have like mental Clarity and you know be able to just live and like wake up and not see clothes on the floor. Yeah that that makes sense. And yeah, I remember you reached out to me about that. You know, I think what I had said about the job is right reselling involves things and things are over. Coming whether they're your things or things that you're going to sell. It doesn't really matter you're bringing stuff into your home and that it's stressful. You know what I mean? Because it's yeah, it's not only taking up space in your space. But it's also it's looking at you right? It's like there's your money sitting on the floor. Right? Right and like, you know after the new year I was like, okay, I've had some stuff. I like to have a quick turnaround in my closet not everyone feels the same way people. Will let stuffs it for a year or two and good for them. If they can if they have the space by all means I'd let it sit too for you know a while but I came home from Christmas and I was like, uh, mmm so I went through my bins and I was like we were taking this out. Mmm put that in a thread up box boom taking that boom. Like I was like I was I was like we need to make space. I feel cluttered. I feel heavy I can't do this. We have got to chill out. I have to I have too much it was like a bad spiral because I just had too many too many things. Yeah, yeah, so, you know, I guess I'm curious since you do this part time. You know, how are you know, how many hours do you dedicate a week to the business? And how do you decide when you're going to dedicate time to the business? So this is something that for the present day. I don't have an answer because I'm living through trying to figure it out. But before let's state holidays. I was I was doing this, you know, I would leave work at 5:30. Get home around 6 Ash and I don't know. I would work till 10:00 11:00 12:00 every single day. And then if it was a weekend I get up go out first thing come back photograph list. Like I was probably putting in almost full-time hours on top of my full-time job not to mention, you know, I do dog-sit as well. And you know, that was it was a little too much all at once. Yeah, so I did burn out a little bit but Dot, you know really made me think and analyze like how do I want to push my business in 2020 in the new year and you know immediately I'm still I'm still figuring it out because I still have a passion for it. I still want to do it but the time I was putting towards it was just too much because it was hurting my personal life my social life not in like dramatically as but you're right mom my weight went up I stopped doing anything for Or myself. Mmm-hmm and part of part of reselling that gets people going and it's a good and bad thing. And this is a perfect example the holidays were coming up and for me because I live on the west coast I go home for a good portion of time at Christmas and I was leaving I had two weeks away and that's a lot as a reseller to like take time off your business, especially when you're thriving so I was trying to amp it up from October November to be able to take this time off at the end of December and like basically go on quote-unquote vacation mode, you know, so it was it was It was good. It was worth it. But like it was physically and mentally exhausting and I was like, I'm done. I need a break like yeah should have been could have honestly been like six months. It was right. I was doing too much. Yeah. I definitely think burnout is real and I can't imagine I mean, I've done it a little bit but not at probably a level that you've operated on. I'm sorry. I'm just thinking back to you know, when I had my nine-to-five job and I was reset. At that time also, I know I don't think I fully experienced it in the way that like you or other people do who? Work their business really hard. It's a lot. I can't imagine you know what I mean, like coming home from your job, you know, it's maybe six o'clock you want to eat some food, but then you have this pile of clothes to list and yep, it's tough, you know, because you know, you want to work this side hustle and make extra money. But at the same time, you know, you have to have something left for yourself at the end of the day which is right. And and with with the holidays there was this pressure especially leaving like, you know, Get it get it up get it listed, you know people are buying for the holidays and you know, the sales were really for me. They were consistent and perking up and these, you know, they were bundles and you know, I felt like I was selling something on QVC and people were buying it. It was just it was working for me. So likewise top great when you're doing such a good thing, but it you know, you need to recognize to like take time for yourself and You know, it's still going to be there. Yeah, so, okay. So, you know, you said that you kind of you know burned out a little bit and December it's been about a month. We had January just we're just now entering February. Do you feel like you've kind of had a cooling-off period I know you said you're kind of still may be working through it. Yeah. Yeah, so I really thought you know being home for the holidays was going to be enough and like two weeks off was. Good and it was but I also you know, I won't go into depth, but I did have some family stuff come up when I was home for the holidays and you know fortunate to be there for that. But that just kind of put me in a weird mental space where I wanted to just come back to LA and just you know, chill and like I was realizing what was important to me at that time and it was not reselling. Yeah. I was still selling things. I Just was going through stuff in my closet. I wasn't listening but things were selling so that was good. Yeah, but I I yeah, I'm still figuring it out. The month was good. I think it took a little bit longer for me to bounce back. There was a there was just so much that happened and You know people people want to talk about the good things on social media and you know and YouTube and all these things which generates content but I didn't have really much going on in my life that I wanted to share because it wasn't good and I didn't want to talk about it because it's a little too personal to put out to the hmm to the world. But you know, I think I'm getting back into the groove and once I really get into my rhythm of this year it will it will be a little different. I am focusing more on my full-time job because I think I was you know, I wasn't focusing on that and ultimately that's what pays my bills and I was not being I mean, I don't necessarily think my work performance dipped, but it was not the best and that's not fair. Right because I really enjoy that job and I really enjoy helping and being with those people. So that was something that with all that time. I was able to recognize and kind of turn around and And really dedicate, you know when I'm at work, I'm at work right now. Yeah, I'm not on the I really try to be not on the ground during the day unless I'm a lunch break or something. But you know, I got I have to be present and I was not being present. Hmm. Okay. Well, I think we've kind of touched on it a little but I'm just going to ask it anyway because I'm curious if you have any answer to this, but I'm curious. You know, what challenges do you feel like you face in your business right now? So obviously space like fully space part of being a reseller is like you have to have the storage be somewhere right? I've had a ton of people tell me like get a storage unit and I'm like you guys I live in LA there is a storage unit technically a quarter of a mile away from me. But I that involves my car that involves traffic working hours that the storage unit. Are accessible those are all for three or four things that don't ever aligned for me - you're fighting basis and it doesn't make sense for me to always come back to my apartment at the end of the day to then be like, oh gotta go process orders. Let me go to the bin that's in the storage unit. Oh wait, it's close. Oh, mhm. So, you know the space space space issue is definitely one of the biggest. Mhm. I don't think I'd feel so claustrophobic, but I just You know, I feel like I could like breathe a little bit and my own space. Hmm But that's I mean, that's my my greatest Challenge and the my my second challenge is I guess continuing to find quality stuff that I'm interested in. Hmm. I think it's very important when you're a reseller to and you know, people might feel different but I think it's really important to be interested in I was a passionate but also interested in what you're selling. Hmm because if I am like if someone right now came and dropped off like I don't know like three hundred books that were worth $25 each and they would resell for a hundred. I honestly might take like five and be like someone freaking come please take these and like deal with it, but I don't want to deal with that, right, you know, like I'll recognize the value and I'll make some money but like I'm not doing all that, but if you give me a gorgeous, Cashmere Eileen Fisher tunic 3/4 length sleeve items. I mean come on that's hilarious that you say that because I'm just thinking of The Gorgeous cashmere 3/4 sleeve tunic that I photograph today. If you tell me it was camel brown or some like tan beer color something there's aliens. Oh no. Ok. So that's we're not totally there. Mine was Pink So, So kind of like a red raspberry. Yeah. Oh perfect for Valentine's Day. I had that thought to know I get what you're saying. I think that and that's something I've learned over time as well. Is that enjoying what you're selling and I learned that from a few friends of mine because I used to just pick up kind of anything and everything and I still do in some ways, but I also recognize the importance of wanting to list that I Right because right the easy part is buying it the hard part, you know bringing it home processing it and being enthusiastic to sell that item. You know, there is I think there's an enthusiasm Factor whether we realize it or not that goes into it because right like just like you said with the books. I mean you can somebody can give you You know 300 odd dollars worth of books for free. It doesn't matter if you're not excited to sell them. Right right. I'm like, I don't have the time for that. Right exactly or you want to house them or you want to do the research to figure out what they're even worth or yeah. Yeah, I get that. Okay, so I guess you know, my next question would be where do you see the future of your business going? And I know that we kind of touched on that a little bit. I know I've got these last two questions. I kind of blend it into summer. There's but but yeah, well, I think being you know, you're not being but yeah being in the the reselling game for you know going on two years now. I really think that I'm kind of at my Max with the like the day-to-day stuff like, you know, maybe work on the consistency of my business like not necessarily items per day, but you know if I can Get listen, it's fine if I can get five items listed a week. Hmm. It's five more than if I didn't do anything so, you know setting setting more realistic goals that I don't put so much pressure on myself because that's something I was doing. I was putting a lot of pressure on myself to go on these shopping trips do a haul video for Youtube and then like list the stuff get the stuff listed on Poshmark or wherever and all in one day after work after my night. So I was like, okay. Okay, we have to pull back we have to adjust how much I'm expecting of myself because I was expecting too much and I wasn't able to and I was being hard on myself and punishing myself for not being able to finish it. But like that's that doesn't make me it doesn't do anything right examine all accounts. So focusing on that and setting more realistic goals, however, small they may seem to me, you know, so that's yeah, that's really that and then Thinking Beyond I really want to utilize, you know, the community the community that I have built up and and my social media to expand and think longer term, you know, maybe there's going to be a podcast in the future. Who knows. Who knows. What about YouTube? Like what are yours? Do you have thoughts about you know YouTube you got over what you want to do with that this year. Yes. So I want to continue to grow my YouTube channel. Thank you to everyone who's currently subscribed and but the problem with my content or lack thereof is because I'm not shopping or sourcing so much. Hmm. I don't necessarily like I can't generate the content. Like I can't create a Hall with stuff that I don't have so I mean like it's I mean it's so simple, but if I'm not shopping I can't haul it right so I'm trying to be creative and I don't know if I'm in the car on the way to the thrift store you trying to record that content. I'm just trying to I guess just put kind of anything out there which is something I don't think about like I'm just like I'm going in my car to go to the store but maybe someones gonna Want to see it. I need to start thinking more that way. Yeah, because people do and they do and great. You know, I don't have to I don't have to watch myself. So what to by all means come sing along with me. Yes. Yeah, you just put out that video. I have to watch it. It's on my to-do list. So yes, you sure do like to give it a thumb drive. Hey guys, just a quick Interruption here. I wanted to take a minute to say thank you so much for being a part of the podcast for these past few months. I've so enjoyed creating it and sharing it with all of you. If you are enjoying the podcast and you'd like to make a financial contribution to support it you can do so at flip the script podcast.com. I also want to take a moment to thank those who have made contributions so far. I see you and I appreciate you so much. All right back to the show. all right well okay so my last question for you Blake is what advice would you give yourself when you are first starting out okay got a couple that care we go okay first I would say just because you hear a brand name or associate you know the item to be high cost does not mean it will resell for that value or more people go out and they buy these luxury names and luxury Brands and they they could get it for a really good deal or they could quote-unquote pay up for it but what happens is not everything is has resale value like I'm going to throw a brand name out here and current Elliott okay they're based out of Bella and they make beautiful comfortable jeans that are a fortune but the resale Market does not reflect that same that same value mhm and it is so bizarre to me but guess what there's tons of brands that are the exact same way and just because something I can't say Lugar Gucci because people will buy it no matter what but just because something was $700 I mean you might not be able to give it away right you know it's the more especially with like high-end items the more you go niche with a product like if they're you know if it's like a brand that only specializes in you know like cashmere that's going to be a smaller group than people just looking for a brand that has all sorts of items like tops bottoms shoes Etc so the the person looking for it on the second-hand Market there's not going to be as many so you have to think about what you're buying and if there's a demand for it because if there's not Guess what? It's not going to sound and it might but it might but it might sit for a year and a half right? So perfect example when I was drifting this weekend, there was this beautiful pair of men's mules that were made in Spain gorgeous leather $128, but there is not one sale on eBay Poshmark and there were five bucks. So I was like crap like I want these but if you're not going to sell so I've literally had this internal conversation with myself. do not buy them put them down put them shoes down put the mules down Blake step away from the mules it's so I mean listen it's so stupid but like you know the reseller and he's like these are in great condition I can get like 80 bucks for this right I can get zero dollars from them because no one wants to buy them yep I mean it's crazy ya talking yourself down from those purchases I've been there talk yourself down research I mean tying into they just said make sure you're if you're out and about research the brand research the fabric content make sure you're checking to make sure there is a demand for the items you're picking up I would also say By everything that you're going to buy for your reselling business if you're going to be buying something do it with cash don't go into debt or don't go don't go and buy, you know fifty dollars and put it on your credit card because although you might be able to make that money back. You might unknowingly start like a snowball of forgetting to pay it off my War forgetting that you know, like say you say you do spend $50 on a credit card. You make a hundred and fifty but then you took some money out because you know, you want to go to the restaurant or something and then you don't have enough money to pay that off. You just keep cycling it and adding up onto your credit card. And then unfortunately you have made this money, but you never paid off the credit card. Yeah that you made the initial investment with so makes make a little bit of money use that pocket money seed money say it's 50 dollars in cash go buy $50 worth of items make $150 worth pocket 50 and then reinvest the rest of the business and just keep doing that and what's rationing or portioning, you know the amount of profit that you want right to be able to make some money. Do you feel like when you first started you made a ton of like unnecessary purchases? I actually don't other than truly that first time doing the Retail Arbitrage mishap. I think I've been pretty Pretty good about buying things that would sell have I sold every single thing. I've purchased absolutely not stupid. Like there's there's things that you know, we find that like, oh my God, it'll be so cute. No one cares. So of course, there's some things that I've bought that you know didn't sell but for the most part. I have a pretty good eye or if it doesn't sell on Poshmark or eBay or wherever I have an office full of girls that love when I can't seem to sell anything so I mean I have a little swap meet inside the office so that's hilarious has anyone has any of the people in your office offered you items to sell yes oh my gosh how funny is so I won't say who but yeah someone did there is a there is an ongoing source of items not source so I'm going amount of items that are coming to me and she actually just told me today that she has another bag in her trunk that she will leave there until she says Blake are you ready and I say yes I am but again I trusted my inner Instinct here and I was like you know what I want those items but I have stuff that I need to like list and photographed in my apartment now so let me get through that then I get to her Consignment bag and we'll figure out you know what I Keep and what will sell and if I'll pay her out and you know pay a flat fee. Yeah for the items for we'll figure out like a 50/50 60/40 ratio, whatever. Yeah, whatever we decide depending on what the items are, but they're good. That's how I was gonna say. I was like, I better get I bet it's good stuff. I don't know why I just have this feeling oh, it's good, huh? Well, if they're good items definitely go with that 60/40 and not the 50/50. Ah hundred percent what you okay? I will say though the one downside About Consignment is like it really is good for stuff. That is high high priced. I'm going to say high price. I mean that will sell for a high price. Yeah, because ultimately you're doing Commission on the sale after all the fees my so if something only sells for 50 bucks, you have to take out the fee for whatever platform you're using and then split whatever that amount is and sometimes it's like 17 bucks. It's like this is stupid, right, you know and like then that person might feel like I could have done this myself. Hmm for $10 more so wait, you know, but they could terms that they could enough right? Right. Are you chose not to so give me that there's a reason you gave it to me. Yes, honey. Yes, honey. Alright. Well, thank you so much for talking with me today. I so enjoyed our conversation get it. Thank you. That's enough. Yes, it's funny. It's so well, I guess I do and I hope this was helpful and useful for people to hear. You know, just a part-time seller talking about, you know, kind of the ups and downs that can happen in this business and that burnout can be real but you can come back from it. Yeah, you absolutely can and just I think it's important to have re-evaluate yourself. Like reselling can be a challenging job because it takes a lot to constantly be on your phone constantly. be managing your inventory your space your setup and then your life yeah so you know feel free to always check in with yourself and like see where you're at because you might not realize that like wow we've been running it you know high speed right definitely well thank you so much I will talk with you soon my friend thank you sonali talk to me okay bye-bye thank you again to Blake for being on this week's episode of the podcast I really enjoyed our conversation and I so appreciate you opening up to me and everyone who's listening about where you're out with your business and the struggles that you have faced these past couple of years Again, you can find Blake on Instagram Poshmark and YouTube under the username Posh boss Blake. It is now the first week of March. I hope that you are having great sales and you are finding great items at the thrift store, but most importantly keep on listing and keep on selling.