The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way, you've been snapping. I tell you that when you walk there like you've been sniffing. I'm just letting you know. Yeah. She I really probably sounds I don't know. I don't know what the hell I'm at with it said I don't know. Do you enjoy it? Do you enjoy it? You enjoy? Yeah. Yeah do a giant. Yeah my fans like you didn't she I like that shit. Okay, long fans fucking what she did he's saying. Do you enjoy like your space you end up from nothing new to Newton now, you know - it going for you cuz like, you know, you want to another level with this shit now, you know say son, I'll show ya I still feel inside. Well, we know you're the same person. Okay, let me ask you to bring it out like this. I think I know the answer, but do you fully believe in rap now? I mean, you know, my name is shit can't knock that shit wasn't any shit for sure. Yeah, I'm not knocking it over the bridge you enjoy doing it and you enjoy making money doing it, right? Yeah, Angela, but I enjoy like I said, I enjoy it my fans and their fans. Yeah. So so let's just say It's a situation maybe not permanent it one no money in it. Do you love it enough to maybe do it free show for the fans the song? Yeah, yeah, you do enjoy cool. So what else you been on how much time do you spend in the studio too? Goddamn much too much. I feel like too much was that like every day four days five days of the week come out for about four of the week. Yeah, but how do you How do you got now managed to not turn into a rap meter? I know you're a rapper. Right how you managed to, you know saying just a nude it like not turn into a rap nigga as a young nigga could evening is turning to wrap and again, right? Right. Look who was Street niggas how you do that shit, bro. You might tell y'all niggas how to do that shit coming home. A same as the dick Raschi projects in some of these niggas show you found same but I didn't that like shit. I better find your telling me that I would be yourself. You're feeling don't train for shit where you got changing some type of way you found same but other than that, like she always be yourself be true to yourself. You don't saying don't try to be something that you weren't you didn't have a lot of folk fuck up it anyway. Yeah trying to be somebody else like we went to like we were preaching be yourself. Yeah. Yeah, so you're not in the studio what type of shit you've you play the guy playing games with games like Grand Theft Auto Grand Theft Auto. Yeah Call of Duty to okay. Yeah like you fast. Yeah, but I'm going to praise on Grand Theft Auto right now. Yeah, you think you wanted to Biz? Hey, yeah me and my crew we wagon shit, okay. A moment you say you you can stick with them white boys a little white boys. Now that she's now. Yeah, man, you come on GTA sheeting and piping chicken pie. So what was it was a spot? What's the spot throughout the city that that you still just load the hit like maybe if you go touring and traveling the shit and you get back like as soon as you touch down the first place you want to go shit in the hood. Yeah. We're going to see ya. Yes. I love the ISA mother tell me stay away when she you know, I want them Niggaz ETA. Is he - oh, yeah. Yeah, you need to change that shit. You're outside Tell No Lie. Yeah, that's a real nigga shit like for it to be like, okay now they over there, you know, I'm trying to say you don't think I know she's on some real nigga shit like yeah, she would just now for some trout shit. Well, that's fine. I'll just say, you know, just anything whatever it won't miss a train, but it Fuck with it though is that we do ready for the six man. And we got to keep this shit going on man for the Next Generation. So whoever next up they come up wrapping and shit man. Do not make us look bad man. It's real for real man. What would you say? What would you say? Like, if somebody did try to make it look bad. Would you call them out call them? Let them know you making us look bad like yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I ain't gonna do nothing unless it real I'll let her know like yeah. For real for real. You gotta let him know they don't suck shit my forever last thing I want to do it look bad. Yeah. It's real definition of fucking shit. They are we get my butt. What's your definition man? I see it's on time. Welcome to smoke alarm in the right now to this day life. Did run. Yes the most on that subject. And what's networking a NIC they neck. Hey, oh, no sobs obviously, it'd be weird shouting life. Hi. Oh, oh, I don't know something. We don't did you see? Say it again. Well, nigga just wanna be noted a little y'all need want to be new to fuck that. I'm the new nude young nigga, but he Saloon you are the same X Lu you dress doing the two mothers. You got your face. Businessman, I'll bring your date right now. But if I go here today, you know, nothing wrong then you know that you know, right but that's the number one. That's number one. That's the one that's on the top of the list and yeah, they grind and snitching. Yeah, there's number one. And if you don't allow the fucked up my yeah, we definitely coming from out of town. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man Instagram trickier. Hey man for every background check is a fucking muscle real friendly grass is shit. Like I trust all this shit. Yeah, I don't know shouted. That's all I can say for real for real. I don't see no other states doing that shit like what we did state that got the most. People from are from other places for me. I was mayor when I mean we get people the good in the bad from everyone niggas look at like how we say Sir shit. We might call Dick ride neither feel like brother. So I know I'm gonna tell you the new word for that shit ain't workin my move, aren't you? Stop somebody but working they move. Yeah. Balam, and she's lining know he had it on him. All right, real shit. Like bro. I love you bro, like damn reworking your mood, right? I'll come back around to nothing because it nigga who dick you all don't even respect you if you're real nigger. You know I'm saying absolutely how you going to call ride my dick, you know that my family loves. You want to work with artists you want to work with a fucking thing? Like you just said I will men shouted have hearts on putting like them. How long I've been doing a little music shit now like slime by let's see what you're going to put like this sent from God damn probably slimeball to my foot slide my two gents a new design right for New Deal and to know how many Atlanta drop shot or even do something how many features I was about to say that it ain't a lot of features if any none wonderful. Future and I said, oh yeah to chinchilla. Yeah. Why you think that is though? No. Yeah, there is See some art then it will take this old key. You gonna sing sing rap niggas. I want you to cut they know that's gonna take energy out of them because when I'm rapping about this and I am this what this is right here for real, you know, then like I'm leaning one wrapping and we know rap shit and then first song that your shit nothing like it beat them. They will be beating on the desk all day life and trying to rap shit in school because something could be the hater. Yeah, they can come in and pop ain't nobody know rapper just have a drink. Yeah. This is all trash. They are just who they are. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I need to try to downplay it because they'll feel like you as serious as they is and shit look like you supposed to reach out and on the other hand. You can just feel like he's don't know what you want. But nigga so still no saying into the point of nigga might feel like I want to go around shouting do no sucker shit. Ha ha ha knowing these suckers to yeah. Yeah. Yeah you reach out. In and evening and Brennan any special to play of the niggas, you know saying like Rodney's on song. Woo, I think need to send it back. Yeah, they're being 100. You just ain't even to do that like impress me impressed. Hello seen again person. Yeah, that's true. Yeah in person tonight. Was I'm here I'm saying so they hinted that about him need to take your jewelry of them niggas niggas don't automatically know saying you want some scary shit and I just released a my Disney look like they'd be looking stupid baby little scared. I don't it right like maybe all the time look like we can't just tap running. They'll remember want to do yeah, you know saying nigga try to get them you see a little bitch on this slum now. Yeah, Katie needs fuck what you write and you don't know how sighing way would I shit and come on nigga just didn't know how to I say fuck with y'all. Yeah, Nolan as you've been a horrid. I heard the rumors of my boys to do this the Muslim and they putting the a strong lot of shit niggas get credit for Niggas Ain't beat Undead my own trying to get antiaging. To the police supposedly a bit fat. All you are is all your cases. Everything goes smooth. Yeah, I'm good. Yeah, they got some forever had probation with you. It's all good. This is long as you are here. Yeah that she that she contain a nigga man. They need to be could tie a knot in my don't mind fuck that what they want. They want to control. Yeah. I'm going to have some of this week they tripping about Dad. It's just some bullshit but fuck that shit. I don't even want to talk. I need you to keep it real and street level to what we doing on. What we doing. What you doing is you doing tour, but you know I got all right. Anyway, it's cool. Shit basically shit. I really just don't show their work. If you do not know what you mean. I shall take no shit A Bros something. They're trying to wrap your Valentine. I mean pursue their dreams and shit and we don't you know, somebody's uh trying to do not Aslam bothers you nah. Nah, my mom was all the way tonight. I'll get another slide about something like Super Luigi stat like black. Okay, bring it back. Yeah. It's going to be super slow. Yeah, no reason why you call this one. Anyways, why you call this one? Anyways the shit like I ain't really give a fuck like fuck that shit. Oh, yeah. That's what I'm saying. That's yeah. Yeah. You can't really say too much. They would you want to say yeah. Lady folk, they just got to figure out it ain't none. But me if it's not just explaining number me on that motherfucking myself because I fucked around with Mark be a lot to on that man. Yeah, man. Yeah. Well, I'm more bees have been here. My vegan vegan hard now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man, we better start sleeping on might be might be hard for not being got to actually see like this whenever your dream, right? Morello you don't even know you're doing all that shit, you know, how it won't come you know, I'm going to be something but how I feels it got there goes away in this CD folks just looking at you like yeah, I don't even know who shit y'all rapping like And shit like that - bit more fucking like me to listen shit. Did I be all could be the other genres and shit like ottoman a show you the most mad? All right. Hey, so, you know when you hit them cities be mostly like strictly that fault anybody motion like the kids to shit my shopping around everything. Is this real for real for real Dixie about as Merchants all that? Oh, yeah don't wanna say about Malala show that I did with the murder that shit went hard forever. I'm saying like this from not knowing what the fuck you gonna do in life to actually doing something. Yeah. Don't say I'm like doing try and give you gonna need a game to the park nigga can come from no bill to goddamn be a young Newton. That's the two to three years you get what I'm saying? You're grinding. He's nigga started grinding going the studio, you know saying right. I really am taking this shit. Seriously preach it work. If answer that shit don't happen overnight, but you guys just lock in on some. Yeah. He's got a lock in on some needs. This ain't doing nothing. It ain't gonna work out and then forever you got to work for this shit. Oh shit. I ain't going to come to you really what's the worst comment when we ask what's worse coming you seen you in what? What's the worst she was seen on you like in comment like, you know, Neither the roses and he would like him really read what I read. My should I be trying to see me fucking Tom? Yeah, like what the worksheet you feel like you're often going to need to pee on him on payment find this next night. All I never had one. Has it been like like let me just go find out who the fuck these. Hell. Yeah. I don't know my shit really be straight and I really got some goddamn lawyer fast. I'm a little coming through the chip it do behavior only see that my fan be attacking them all for you. You I'll fuck you just say like, you know, you all have more verbal. I don't like him use all this shit wet or some shit like that. You feel my hair one more to my fucking sexuality. I might hear about 30 fans go attack is an event. So you're allowing really get to My Cries. She's lying. I know definitely going to get no no life-threatening type shit. If I do get it. I'm I'm looking like it's one of them little weird motherfuckers in the house or something crazy or some shit, right? Yeah. What's the one time you open your DM and saw that? Shit, maybe from a female and it is fucked you out like just fucked you up shutting froze you I think that wasn't no denying New Deal and yeah what you mean by Noodle and when I sing like a lot of blue chips and shit, okay, it took a while for it though. So you say you like the if you fought with Somebody in the studio doing music when we want to meet them in person for your fault with them. But is that the same with like females like will you sliding dims and let us slide in yours and foot with them are using wait till you run into them this big facts now jump up and some just bump into you. Yeah. Okay, please is a small for you - yeah. I follow you on the ground. So I see like you really manage self-control on that. No, I'll never see you do know sideways at shit. I sucker shitposting no bullshit, you know, they're like really don't eat post family as much, you know, they're just regular, you know sticking to when I got some going on post them. You know how to hear you do that shit like, oh no, we won't be tempted to post a bullshit some time. Why be my coordinate don't please not my you know, how you are you naughty be saying that shit on Instagram like they might tight some shit then it'll disappear. Yeah, Bobby done that shit. so much light From the film. Do you want a cat man? I kind of crazy shit man forever. I'll be one lady phone. Oh the ribs. Yeah, LOL about logic like man. You know what? Okay, my fault below he Cloud chasing all this and but I've been out that you found out the truth about you about some of your favorite rappers and Gonna Hurt You More For Your Heart liver and I'll give him like nigga ain't try me. Right right. Now. I'm a stand-up guy. I'll wait for the foolish on my own and every time yeah. Yeah, are we getting some of that in any ways like not to put it up all the way through the let me know, huh? She professional where they were going to take a nigga all the way through that you know there. Yeah, like how you can't let your emotions get involved with money, you know, nothing. Yeah, I'm both already want to be like now you can't bring any to show they're gonna goddamn beat the whole style like what helmet that show that time right now. Yeah. That was that was that that that that was a fault. Is living there like that - a real for real man. Shout out to the fans right little wrap the white folks in the crowd outside and she was like, yeah y'all need to really just come everybody everybody to do the absolute ever. Y'all need even though they pussies like I salute you. You just took then made something I you still got there might be helping a real nigga out on the side. We never know, you know laughing like so you got salute. Everything who take something, nothing running turning the song like it and she is amazing to me and I know it can be done like niggas can do it. We looking at it when I say we're looking at all of them accomplish it. Yeah, you know, you gotta keep going where no matter what you keep going going at that bag Jack. Yeah. What's the shit? You think you'll never do it? Maybe some shit. You'll never wear just so shit. Did you just know new DEA never gonna do? It's a lot of shit. I ain't doing this via subset of the days. But here at were the rat we had in a retro our yeah, like I would not wear this I would not do this shit. What do you do beware don't do this. Don't do that. Don't do that. No, no that ain't it. Just some saying some shit that you that you just owned and it might just be some shit like man that is ain't the type of shit. I'm on you could be rapping on a certain type of beat. I'll never wrap on this type of be Todd. It could be any time. I can't say about that shit. I don't know I can't. Majesty doing on Sucka shit. I ain't no dick. Rhyne - yeah. Well, you gotta you gotta say what be tried because nigga you telling me you want on your song not dick ride. No, that's not how that is. Not doing Ryan. There's nothing random about telling me shit. We read we do been we do business. Yeah, I found a sign we're doing business a whole different thing. He's on time but Alliance she I just want to just come around you cousin what you got going on. Yeah, there's a saying I'm always pulling my phone out trying to show here about on with you all the time. Yes, you did you choose your enemies ain't my enemy love that one. No, no, it's weird. I can't explain it. But you just had to see the dick ride for you say you know it when you see ya, I just stay in the studio. Yeah Studio Stay playing the game. I'm out of town doing the show or some shit while I'm in another state recording. I love going to different states recording and shit. Yeah, you had time to do that when you're on the tour. Oh, are you just like to focus on the performance? Yeah. Um, I don't really try to record like that little candle how you move when you have time. I got scared out of town shit. I'm finna get window. In fact be my first times kid you got hey, I'm not real for differently. But why is it different? Who was done mostly legitly talking to the police telling us y'all niggas? Tryna go ahead him. Nah. No, they're not real shit like that shit, but I'll be straight when I go out of town though, five. Y'all moved on my son and my DJ and my assistant my - I mean why my team is shit, but that's it what you eat, but even if they had a kid Especially if I know you ain't been told me you like ahead of time where Island pulled up on your suggestion you and shit. I ain't. With the rep ship life, even my know niggas rapidly rappers. Are we making money all this shit? Right, but I like to kick it on some genuine. She lie. Like no people you did if you want to kick you didn't know try to keep with me at the studio. God pulled up on your block. You did what you do what you do? I feed man. You just hit fuck what he owes. You got chickens. Right man. We really like we got our keyboard while logged in with my for shelf. Resume my you know, the foregoing will show you other than that man, you know, he flees right? He's like annoying. So I write down this. I'll write that shit shit shit gotten along that ain't my speed right now for real forever, if remaining and goddamn and principle stress it not happening that uh that no I didn't know what was in that bitches and shit slit ruzhin pit are dumb shit. I ain't you ever get on your stomach and your partner's about this shit. Is this man? Yeah. Yeah. The time for real for real for real. No, I refuse to let one of my brother play this if I discreet about it, I ain't even let you get me a even find out that what you want. I'm trying to talk you out of the car. Don't go right. Female be here and it's illegal here doing the same thing. I'll do the same shit. If you going to be hurt you going to be got now, you're locked up or goddamn somewhere up there talking big guys looking down like down they hold still got now. It's like writing some shit. Now. I'm gonna put yourself in a position like that. If you never know man, whoever you is like that fireman, I mean do not play yourself out street for no female. Unless is your daughter unless is your daughter. Oh, yeah. I love my city. I love my special of my side of the city. But I love the whole city. He's yawns hand me, you know everything I'm doing I just doing I'm doing for Georgia mine. Even my got to stand out. Somebody got to stand on you. Do we got it buddy doing the other little ways shit. Somebody got to got them keep that party going on right now. You're feeling something you got you I won't say no. I love about alone. And you got you got your fridge ripping shit. You got you where I want to talk about it pal. Ain't shit. Then you got you you really need a sheet. Yeah that while many all right now that part right now. Yeah more than one thing you feel to do first and Kanye. I refused I refuse to God damn. How's you to dye my hair? Okay, that's that's what I'm saying. Yeah, because they never die my need to type of nigga dad. I asked if you do dye your hair then as you yeah, that's you. Yes, you know, I mean that ain't me that's yeah work for some people but yeah, they won't work work. Would you would you do like a project with features just to fuck with some people? Yeah, man. I really don't do some fast shit. I only want to tell y'all - shit. Well you been We'll help you we go first. Nobody else really just say that's probably should ask the little be known shit my fan on living in the way. Yeah alive. She is couple of my song. I'm making a got now my the new addition to my little anyway shit. You don't be like sick song with features on okay, that's hard. He said that's all right. Yeah, just a Reload times. Yeah, one movie zhanna. Hmm. Why not? Well said, why not? Who is one of those one of them? I can't say I can't say I'm surprised that's your video. I tell I tell black people from here or people from a little bit everywhere at least give us that shit. You probably got to for him. Okay, it's hot. Yeah, yeah for and everything else going to be familiar with else. No Barry, I would love to have it all straight Atlanta you to give me anything I do now. I'm Jay. Hit me up and fuck with me. Yeah, but I need to be a part of your goddamn. Yeah, man, you need to be negative putting these together. I need this shit right? I'm selling out shows in your own City. Some niggas ain't nobody. Understand where he put out his shit together dress is too big. I mean that build Atlanta, but I guess everybody going okay you going are you going to eat that? She could beat him know I need to start like no place like home shit like that concert did goddamn baby future. Okay, we come back do that now. No, you're chopped know that come back come back. We would then we do a bit with everybody one, you know saying, That's some that's some big shit. Then we figure out it get get the sponsorship. Everybody know saying this once my painting nude this also might be a few slick spots like that. You know I'm saying it was some big shit man right nigga that's on that cute shit man. Nobody Bank. He called out one separates and walk out on East Asian man the world feel like man. I'm both love each other. We got to be best friends. And that's all these videos. They made the song. That's what Billy. Real decide me Wynonna laughing show me we're going to start moving the problem at all with nuded. Yeah, he's somebody is crazy why the fuck is nigga still trying to be in competition with motherfucker that you know, I'll try to keep them with the motherfuckers on we got down but billion like it needed to sit everybody in a bubble. So you want to be the biggest shit in his own sick. Are you want to be the biggest shit in that lab when we all give me the biggest shit period Collectively, that's that's that's not that's different. There are no saying. Yeah, this is gonna be the biggest shit. Okay, I'm bigger than anything and I don't like the fuck that means so it you goes on the party. I like them for and I don't even know you pull the camera. Excuse me. about to be the biggest shit period I'm stabbing it right here. Fuck you. Just you just got down, but you called it. She fired me. All right that hello Eli how you expect to be on song together. You know, their ya Niggas Don't even be having a don't be a misunderstanding. This bill never been unable to be right out. I own are shouting for with your shot a photo with you who he could beat. It could be your dish then buddy. Hmm is the nig 1107 nigga match my solo home, but it's not saying real shit. Like I said, well we used to be on shit like fuck with cliff. Your side of town. I ain't gonna fuck with niggas in my hood. Mmm. My apologies only folk needs in my hood. She didn't even remember when I got beat up at the playground. I was seven years old. They still judge me like I'm a whole from that know, I know subletting little black guy. He ran home crying y'all self. I'm in full cry about you boy. No. No I'm saying it's like the same looking at boy ran from a blinker, you know saying so niggas in your hood. They don't always know the shit. Don't tell you. Breath now, but with needles and fuck niggas are these niggas around these niggas niggas every both of them niggas. Say Brian Eno home with that cool. You get what I'm saying? Yeah, like also because the Instagram she tell a fake story bro need to be cool in the motherfucker, but just looking sexy as hell on Instagram, you know saying yeah, I met some niggas like that light and a shiny. Thank you will be there cool. You know, I think cool be the whole Annie. Yeah, right along the truth. To appreciate you one more thing one more thing what we look at is how to see which I want to know. She's out. It'll be a nice it's having some conversation. Like we said, I wish I had one to telephone my fucking ass getting any ass here. But I'm the mama telephone so they can call it bitch like all you want to do was apologize for some people. We've been talking about situations like what if what if he's a young nigga? It is in the position you as in 12 13 14 years on you. You didn't see no light like you just saw a dark tunnel like this shit might not here in good. What would you say to a nigger like that young nigga? Hey, see, I want to type of damn. I don't know. Can't really explain it if he would like me. I don't know. I can't really explain it when I tell them because I've been I had to get them to gain. It depends on what type of life he chose annuity can talk to Young nudie. What would you say to your younger self go home? a lot of niggas from the six bromate There's a lot of digging strong as a lot of days with the six for the Hood from everywhere though that just like ya think like look at your situation again, like we say you might not feel like you all to admit it or you want to make but you made it like you can feed yourself doing music. You see I'm saying so you see good. He's any snapping. Yeah, no lucky unlucky. Oh man it is. She kirino Jeanne to be Rodney. Yeah, they do. They do these somebody LG. They do have more difficult here. Yeah, man, like si si shit nigga can paint them. They won't end like making paint your own picture for him or for me Fionna saying you fear Him niggas might see a oh gee man, Jim like looking at him like fuck I we are. I said I would you just old and new with some money on some he probably they probably on seeing him just sell some of your do anything some shit like that so now maybe hypnotize her now he just tell you anything where you just sweat he dissing it then you bump into another oh gee maybe like why you know I'll be home a bitch To see we gave you and took it to this motion like you who's she like shit don't mean shit to me mean the world of these niggas ya notice anyting listen to this like they calling me selfish. I told you really just call me. Y'all look stupid to me, you know, they're like the dead niggers get cool dead gone and neither Chain Gang out to feel like you didn't either I'm not Brother y'all need anything. They OG at 23 years old like what you indeed she don't matter what you and you still ain't lived enough when you ain't lived going to name it to know situation on that. My niggas is look up the nigga money. I didn't think I hit the lotto. Vietnamese okay now you looking up them yeah nigga that was returned to the money money money on fuck nigga head you found saying like for real for real now that sounds in that realizing wet wet I'm Tina I like a lot of news and Ellen I'm generalizing niggas get their pay for gunshot frou-frou yeah he said I give a shit what you mean like safe is a nigga might be in some Apartments or some shit and you should get past some of them fault. It's all your fault. How could they weren't protecting the property over here? Charlie it sounds crazy lying so really begin a lot of shit you feel you got some niggas they get money and they still stand a place. They still spend. Yeah, I mean, you know, I fucked them tight before you ride a real shame that you before you got this shit. That's something might get And Hong Kong is showing you the true color you do not eat, right? If I see you like you got a little money you had like you to king of the world shit gone. You ain't got shit. You feel like the grind gone flakes too fast. For real for real. That's all they want to do if lit peripheral. Yeah. He's on please. Generate some fucked up now. Like I mean it cool it about a rapping shit. I ain't knocking issue that the move but everybody want to Route whatever my for real. Why should you make right here says, it's you that don't dig that shit over nigga shit away. No, I don't agree with the cat. You can't you can't look. We all in together some of us got to hustle man. What I say that I want around somebody somebody gotta fuck with newly somebody somebody get me a manager somebody to carry the bass. Oh my God, that's a man wouldn't be the Rapture. Yeah niggas got damn for real for I know a nigga like and he always tell him like he wasn't it started as an assistant and he got now got no gun show you don't sound like you know what? You could start by you start doing anything through this shit. Yeah, Diane just by making them use but I shit Partners like we are sitting there is one of the family Cloud so bad more than they even want the money. Yeah, it's real and the the rapper you might the rapper might not even be talking about shit. You might be making more money doing all the other shit around if I'm saying even doing out of the instructor she got you doing this shit by make you more money and you go neatness for you live free free him free. So you get the stack your You will think of whatever when they both did they believe travel your travel free you're free to eat you eat nor they are free. Yeah, I'll hit it free free free free food free little, you know, the crazy shit like plane ticket what it take to travel travel travel might take that shit for did you know why you moving niggas niggas on private niggas on regular niggas on this one? This shit high as fuck. Yeah, do what it ain't doing it, right? see how many of the names kid to talk about my mother a nude how much do you need to get you talk too bad cuz I do that for you yeah yeah we couldn't back on me give me all you got to make yourself a value to a person like this nigga payable yeah I need on you a fuck about leaving you if you if you ain't mad at you like yeah fuck that nigger we go over everything I know about if it is known and I mean such as I said, yeah, but I'm saying anything stepping up taking a roll. You got to take your position. I can't make you that you got to take that shit. Yeah sure. If it's not overdoing it by the time they need hujar the want to get down to do it island is like sending slip this shit like that nigga slipping bro. I'll spicy everything and they don't see even secure. Don't try to take a job. Hey Blair, you can see that couple of side up two Notes too much in writing and I'll sleep and I can watch that I can I can do this shit shit shit shit. Yeah. Those that understand everything to go through shit. I brought him a hold of faith. I'm gonna give me whatever. Hmm But I ain't been to make this. No chance. I've been cheating on him. I'm gonna do this shit one time you your money back bro? Yeah, nothing just in case I do need it again. But you know, I paid you and gave you that. You know, you're 60 back for that feet. Like what you need. You just keep on every time as the story time to store. Okay now I just gotta make sure you not so much that you know that she's bullshit and shit bullshit. What you gonna do when we get like old and wrinkled and shit cut while tending? I ain't buy-in shit over with your wise coming in. It's cool cool and that shit stop and leave you got them to to hair salons or something and get my We must you did real well. Yeah. Hi Mike in the present in the British got a man playing the game better. Come get a job not forever. Can you do and I'm wrong we're gonna jump it's stupid. But I work my ass off up to feed my job will get you push you push you on up through that. Nah, for real for real. That's right. I don't know bro. I see a new you hard bro. You got that got against all that stuff work with more artists don't to me. Ooh, you want some nice she going crazy and new to shit on that turn side. Not my side. I love man to all you rappers out there. I fought with y'all. Just gotta push up on me when you see me. Why is that so funny though? Why you laughing man? March 20th matter of fact, yes, I got that. I got to make my motherfucking on TV. Hello and father. Yeah. Yeah shout I ain't bullshittin. May I see that man shouting man shouting for really a working man? Yeah real for real for real that to me fucked up bruh. Haven't they got their yeah salary? Yeah, man, you got to balance this shit man. You feel you got keep never man. Somebody got to keep it real. I'm living this shit right here, man. It's not just turn up man feeling right now man. I'm gonna try to boycott this shit's gonna let you know man, um right now flag flag flag. I don't understand it Polynesia. At home flag may change stop big gun man. For real for real and we started playing it. Everybody gonna be my little and this there which I understand now I'm big would be gone you film saying we locked in we locked into the fully man big bald man. For real for real. We're shouting say that when it is a man and he going to show you that they wait until you see they can't stop. You know, I can't stop him. I'm anymore for life in a somebody big and meanness and then more fucking shit. I'll stop if him mommy in fact big fat ass right bit more perfect talk a little bit there we go yeah y'all niggas choose drop down y'all niggas man anybody can do this shit man area shit man you change your mind and your heart at any time I ain't got to continue being a fuck me if that's what you're being if you're a real nigga just continue to do the things you do man is gonna work out so it's hopeful fuck niggas in close you can stop being a fucking it anymore unless you did the top to snitch the fuck okay no saying like they got fuck me away you've been doing and saying look fuck she stopped it a moment and become a real name no yes you can all I'll say it again what I'm saying he can always become a real oh yeah yeah yeah I'm fat I'm fat look I'm Fred oh that's what they were I see it like that what you'd be like damn what yeah I'm winning thank God she's going to tell you don't tell you why I like real what the fuck bro you are we got a chance to turn that shit around so if you got any sucker shit in your heart you sit around hating on a nigga bout a bitch I hate on a nigga by with his money I hate on a nigga by anything that you know you should um hey man let that shit go right now long as you ain't didn't know undercover shit and and told on them niggas shit man hey man you could be a real nigga right now yeah start today starts a lot of roles in the game they like that shit but they must be right I am I don't really do the cheer I really don't mind but I don't is like driving fast call and me and then I ain't doing is out of call you know regular loose little dog shit but all the fans shit don't know slow shit hit the fan shit I don't want to seem like you'll never just go out there like the Hot Nigga just like okay notice and drop the hard and knew she'd even jump out there yeah I think she's just staying on saying no to write as I don't know when I had a conversation next five years gonna be like and he's already he's already in the granite folk now - shit like there's no young student named there yeah yeah yeah yeah today is the day man today they sign up today is today to be a real nigga yeah this is one of the best interviews I really appreciate ya conversation conversations out for having me any chance you want to cook with it but fucking eat you good good she also what you doing Gooch I'll see you know shot from the hood yeah it's amazing like it was some bullshit man we fought Which floor is he ain't no sucker shit ain't snitched on somebody they don't suck shit we far away yeah yeah sure me you know the definitely and that's about they're pulling out the big facts Tang big face it's going down March 20th it's the shit show at the Buckhead Theater you know this the ATL Apollo were all the up-and-coming stars come to shine if you can make it at the shit show you can make it anywhere it's the funniest shit you ever seen in your life and it's all going down March 20th at the Buckhead Theater make sure you go to the shitshow 80 l.com right now and get your tickets March 20th at the Buckhead Theater it's the shit show brought to you by Live Nation