Okay, okay. I bet I can hit that rock over there with this one like hell, yeah, I'll take that bet. All right. All right. Okay. Here we go. Oh man. God told you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, then smartypants. Let's see you do it then fine. Give me yeah. Ready ready? Yes, sir. Beat that. Oh, you want a war? Huh? Okay. Okay, then I'll give you a war Missy ha ha ha ha Yeah, yeah. Hello there, Mika, isn't it Mika Harris? Who's asking Coleman? Kalish? I'm here on behalf of the royal Interstellar Navy. You think we could speak inside alone? I'd rather stay out here if that's all the same to you. Then pops your friend. No, no, no, whatever. You got to say. You can say it in front of him. It's okay, Mica. Uh, I'll come back later Sasha. Oh, no, it's fine. I'll be over later. Okay? Okay. See you then. Well, shoot, let's hear it. You have heard of the department. I trust sure you've only turned me down about 10 times. My apologies. My colleagues are rather set in their ways. But with your help, I'm hoping to change that. I see I'm glad to hear it. I seen your test scores most impressive some of the highest I've ever seen. In fact, although your method of submission was somewhat unorthodox The Examiner wouldn't accept my paper. I had to be creative. And admirable trait. I'm sure now the examiner didn't seem to think so. Well, yes, although you can hardly blame them for getting a nasty shock when they found a stowaway in the transport vehicle. It was too late by then. Anyway, the exams had been submitted precisely regardless. I have personally reviewed your training files and must agree that your results are. Excellent cross the mold your school test scores the military into requirements the captaincy exam. I never took that paper forgive me you were removed. From that exam. I believe I had every right to be there at least I mean as much right as anyone else, of course you did. Why are you here? Mr. Kalish, please? Just kalish. Tell me Myka. What do you know about Mission swallow? Just rumors, I guess exploratory Mission top-secret specialist spacecraft, etc. Etc. You know, let me like new Mission swallow his plan to be the first-ever issue an initiative led by an all human Crew The Objective is to send five humans back to Earth your home. To study the atmosphere and ground conditions to see free colonization as possible. The mission will be announced publicly in two weeks time. Wait, you're sending humans back to Earth. What are those two getting the possibility of recolonization? There's no guarantee of success. But the Royal Interstellar Navy has agreed to fund it as part of our philanthropy and Rehabilitation scheme. It's incredible. Wow, I have I mean, I never thought I'd see. It how about the chance to see it up close? What do you mean on behalf of the issue military? I would like to formally offer you the role of Captain aboard the Rin star strider. The mission duration is upwards of two years. Should you accept you must report to the or enabled base within two weeks of today to begin basic training? Well Mika, do you accept You said what Don't make me say it again? Pika you have been telling me non-stop for our entire lives. How all you want to do is go to space become a Captain lead Humanity back to Earth The Works the opportunity to do exactly that has fallen into your lap and what you're just you're just Not Gonna Take It What what the hell is wrong with you? I didn't say no. I just said I needed some time to think. Okay. So you've had a think boom accept the position. It's not that simple Sasha and just why not. This is a chance of a lifetime Mica. Don't just throw it away. You'll never get another one. I can't just up and leave as show. I've got a life here this is it worth putting my life on hold for it's just Jesus Myka how many times have we talked about leaving a show? How many times did we play at hopping in a spaceship and exploring the Stars? You've got that chance now? Why won't you take it? You want to know what's really stopping me why I do want to accept the captaincy more than anything else in the world, but the thing is when we talked about leaving our show we drove around in a toy spaceship talked about it in class. We were always together. We've never done anything without each other we grew up together. We went to school together. We started work together. I don't want to go to Earth. We can't do that together to Mika you you know, I can I'm a mechanic and not even a ship train. When a bat you were always the smart one. There's there's no way they'd ever asked me on board. What if there was a way? Oh no, no. No, I know that look no, no hear me out Sasha. They want me the way Kayla said it. It sounds like they need me as Captain and I mean you are a mechanic already how many human spaceship mechanics? Do you know anyway, so it's not like you're not skilled. So if I said that I had a condition to take the post that condition being you of course, then they'd have to take you they're going to have to trade a mechanic anyway, so they might as well have you meet me? This is ridiculous. What position would I even take mechanics usually double up on Starship missions and it's not like I know anything about robotics or first aid or any number of things you can actually list an entire. Any set of words that come to mind and I don't I don't know them simple. You'd be my first mate your first what my first mate every ship has won his second in command and I'd rather it was you then someone I've never met before. I'm not even remotely qualified for that Mika. I'm sure you are made of training on your part, but a bargaining on mine and we're flying to the Stars Sasha York. Completely insane Sasha. Look would you at least agree to me trying if it's because you don't want to I understand it, but if you do just Please please like me. Try Okay, Mica for someone so smart. You can be such an idiot sometimes. Of course. I want to go with you. I just don't want to mess it up. I don't want to mess up this opportunity for you. Do you know you won't I promise? so you're going to go right away or we going to lie around until something interesting happens. Now, you know what I say. Do I can't lie anywhere without snacks? Yeah. So good of you to see me, it's mrs. Harris. Thank you. Of course mrs. Harris. I'm sure your daughter must have told you of my visit. Yes. She did. She told me that she had to think about it. I'm a patient person. Mrs. Harris, you know this but I thought it prudent to pay your call out of politeness. You understand how very kind you have? No. Ian, I take it to what Tomika becoming our first human Captain she hasn't accepted yet. Of course not do forgive me. Oh this tea of yours is lovely homemade. I take it all within regulations. Oh, I'm sure it is. I would not wish to make rash statements mrs. Harris, but I rather think that Mika will accept my offer. Although it would be such a shame. If someone were to try and persuade her to stay home. Wouldn't it? It's every Young Person's dream to see the stars. Then again Anything Can Happen aboard a spaceship supplies can become spoiled airlocks damaged. Even those trusted crew members can sometimes go a little mad. We don't try and ensure the safety of our operatives. But where anything can happen cat it there's only so much a ship can take before it snaps I understand. Oh, do you excellent? Most excellent? That's just what I was hoping to hear. We have an agreement. Since then your cooperation as it were you do? Wonderful. I am glad you're an evil bastard. Aren't you Aunt Will? Mrs. Harris Aunt will. Oh Myka, good to see you again. I must confess. I hadn't expected an answer for me quite so soon. I haven't given you an answer yet. I've got a question first well means please go ahead why me of all the people you could have leading Mission swallow. Why do you want me? Why do we want to you? Isn't it? Obvious? I want to know my dear mieke how many humans? Do you know desperate enough to lead a mission that they'll risk arrest just to take an exam? So what's it to be? I will accept your offer on one condition name your price Sasha. Kasana. He's a mechanic my year. I want him as my first mate as it happens your second in command has already been appointed with all due respect kalish. I don't care. I want to sauna. We're a package deal. I see. Look, you wouldn't have approached me. If you didn't want me you've all but confirmed that there are hardly lines around the block for this role. So if you get me you get him, he's an excellent worker and I trust him to be an excellent first, mate. He'll have to attend extra training you understand at a suitable Training Center. Perhaps the British School of Robotics find secretary. You see none, of course, there's mandatory captaincy training for those filling the position of second in command just in case absolutely whatever is required good the captain and his first mate also have the honor of choosing the ship's Navigator and a i technician which will have to be decided at least one month in advance of take off. There are also five mandatory Medicals one of which will be carried out by the chief medical officer. Ship training begins in two weeks time. Any questions just one do tell. What's the name of the ship? I think you're like this one. It's called the star strider appropriate know. Very so Mica I take it that you all ready to accept my offer. I accept the Royal Interstellar Navy's offer of Captain sea aboard the Rin star strider ready for orders. Well, then welcome aboard Captain Harris. The pilgrimage is brought to you by turpentine Productions. This bonus episode was written and directed by Francesca mild Ford with story assistance from Emily Curtis. The role of Captain Mega Harris was played by saying abre and the role of Sasha kasana was played by James Oliva. Our guest stars were Graham robot is kalish and Abigail Turner as Hallie Harris original music by Josh carry and sound design by Lila Jones Atkinson. Check us out on Tumblr at turpentine Productions Twitter. Our pilgrimage pod and Facebook at the pilgrimage Saga the news extras cool stuff and more if you want to help the crew of The Stars try to bring Humanity back to Earth. Please consider rating and leaving a review on iTunes page star strider out.