Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real professional makeup artists has is because you see on YouTube and Instagram Facebook all the social media. There's a lot of people who say their makeup artist or say their beauty professionals or who want to be in this industry, but energy is really working in every day. She understands every aspect of the job and she also has a YouTube channel that she really dedicated to teaching and educating makeup. On the proper way to build your kid and I sanitized and realistic ways to make your job easier and this is great information from someone who's doing it on a regular basis. I think you're really going to enjoy the conversation me and Angie just really had a great chat about her business and about all the different things that she's doing within the industry. I think you're really going to enjoy this interview. I love all of Energy's information to show notes on make sure you follow her on good to check. Awesome website follow her on Instagram as well. And I really hope you enjoyed the interview and he goes. Hey, welcome to the podcast is your host Randy Taylor. We have an awesome guest today Angie deeper these Bautista, I think for having me Randy. Thanks for being on the podcast. So as you go get started learning All About You the first thing I'd like to ask my guess is to tell us something about yourself that most people I know. Oh no, this is For these oh gosh. This is a tough one something that okay. I actually I love scary movies and I've been watching scary movies since I was a little little kid and I think part of why I ended up getting interested in movies is from that genre. I was just always into the transformation The Monsters when I was a little little kid, so I think thinking back now being interested in that I think made this idea of transforming Well doing makeup just that more, you know desirable for me to want to do to other people. Awesome. So do you do that type of makeup at all? Like no that's or one of my favorite videos music that was like really into music videos as a kid. And of course, you know, if you're of a certain age one of my favorite music videos, of course Thriller Thriller, I know you was gonna say, yeah, I would love that but I was a kid, so but it just you know when I started I kind of stumbled into Ooh this profession it's not something I did knowing that it could be a career. It was something that I started in the drugstore at the beauty counter and it was something that I just like to do. I kind of fell into it. Naturally. I was very artistic as a kid. So everything made sense to me colors texture mixing working with people who I was fine with so I fell into it and as you know time passes and you start freelancing and getting client and meeting people You kind of just go with the flow and the flow for me was just regular makeup application. I had always done Halloween's here and there I had done a little I think I did a really short course on special effects because I knew I needed to just do smaller effects on commercials and things like that, but I never took it full on because that's just not that wasn't my path. When when I first kind of got into it. I'm due soon understood so you're in you. You are makeup artist. So and you kind of already let into that a little bit. But so you didn't this is a something you always want to do by what career path that you think you would take. I didn't have a plan at all. You know, I just knew I wanted to work. I loved working. I wanted to make my own money. So I got a job when I was like 15 turning 16 because that here that's the that's the age where you can start working and my mom was in retail management. So I got a job kind of threw her. I worked a couple days as a cashier and like a stock person and I was looking at these women who are working in the Cosmetic section and I was like, oh my God, they're beautiful. They smell nice their hair looks so good. I just like was so fascinated by these women and I was really just into makeup. I was kind of drawn to it and I just did it as a way to have a part time job that I actually enjoy doing because I knew I had to work. I wanted to go to university pay for school. Didn't want to take out a loan. So I was just kind of in this hustling mentality. Very young. I I just wanted to find something that I could do because I knew I was going to have to work quite a lot to pay for school and other expenses. So I got into it. I just it was literally one of those things where it starts going and going and going and I was in school and then I went to University because that's you know, the path that you go on. I'm have myself and my brother. I'm the oldest of the two of us. So my parents were like, you know, you're going to go to university get your degree and then you can do whatever you want after that. But I just didn't have there was nothing. I was like drawn to like I wasn't going into school being like I'm gonna be a teacher. I'm going to be a nurse I'm going to be I didn't have that. I was just kind of all over the place and looking back now. I realize it's because I was more creative and more independent. I didn't really have an idea of how I learned what I enjoy at that young age. And there's no social media really, you know, this is like The mid-90s so I graduated 99 2000 inch there's no Instagram telling you you could be a makeup artist. You can do special effects. You can be an influencer you can do all these things. There was none of that at the time like we didn't even have I don't even think we had it computer in our house until I was like in my 20s so I had no idea that any of this existed so I didn't have plans to be anything specific. I was just kind of going with the flow. Okay. Well, how did you how were you introduced to make up? I know you're working at the counters and everything in retail. Is that how you started applying makeup to other people? Yeah you right there. Yeah, I just went for it. I would Fearless like when I look back now, I don't even know what I was thinking. I had no idea what I was doing. I was just fearless and I was working with a lot of people who you know didn't want to deal with the makeup applications and who didn't have time for it. And you know, it's just I kind of fell into it. It and it made sense to me and I started doing makeup applications on people and then people would come into the store and say hey, can you do my makeup? I'm going out on Friday. Can you do this? We do that and I'm at school. There's talent shows. There's you know, people are like, oh I'm going on a date. Can you help me with my makeup? You come over and do this and I just kind of started that way but it wasn't in my mind that oh my gosh. This is this is it this is going to be my job. I just didn't know it was possible, you know, like my parents weren't a Fan of Me. Maybe going to an art school and I wouldn't have you know brought up the idea of like hey, can I go to makeup school? It was just a side hustle. I knew I could make money. I was making money people were liking what I was doing. So it was just like a feel good thing that I was interested in and that's that's how I kind of fell into it and then word kind of spreads you have people now starting to book you for a wedding starting to book you for a little events here and there I got introduced to somebody at one point that I think was maybe a producer or worked in kind of a corporate video situation and that was my first introduction to work on a set and I was like, okay cool. I'll try it. Like I was not prepared. I just was like so Fearless so unprepared. No Pluto's doing and that's how it started. Sometimes. That's what it takes just to try something new step out there and just do it, you know. Yeah, that's what it takes. So what would you say your specialty is? I do really well. I do really well with skin. I do a lot of skin work I get hired for a lot of job when the skin has to look good on camera. I work with all different skin tones all ages. I do a lot of work with quote unquote. I guess regular people who are going on camera. So if it's good example would be like, let's say it's a video for an insurance company and they are doing some you know testimonials I get booked for a lot of those jobs because of my interpersonal all skills and because of my ability to do good skin work for camera. Great great. So what is your favorite part of makeup to do? I love The transformation of it even though sometimes it's not a full-on transformation. Like it's not the Full Beat. It's not you know, the full smokey eye the whole thing. I love being able to start and finish something in one sitting and it's creative. Even if it's the same makeup. I do, you know, five times a week. I love having that having the opportunity to create something, you know, each time that I work. That's probably one of the best parts of the job for me. Working with different people and going to different stuff all the time. That's that's nice, too. Great great. So you have your working makeup artist and you're doing makeup consistently and you have a business that you've built. How what do you say that contributed to you visit building a successful makeup Artistry business? Oh, this is such a complicated answer because I think you have to look at all of the aspects of your life. And I think everything has to be aligned for you to do this as a profession I of course have the support of my family and my husband and that's very important book emotionally and it's also nice with my husband having a more normal job. The the two of our incomes combined. You know there is that safety net which is Really? This can be a huge risk when you're just starting. So there's that whole component of it. You have to be patient. You have to be willing to work through I think years of successes and failures and sometimes it's just being persistent and just hanging on because you'll see people come and go and if you can maintain that business and you can keep yourself working, sometimes you just got to outlast, you know, the makeup artists that are working in your area because things get Get tough financially things get tough, you know things can happen where people can't continue supporting themselves because they're not treating it as a business the work gets too overwhelming. There's not enough of it. It's not what people think it is when they get into it. So there's lots of factors where you see people come and go and sometimes you have to just be able to ride the wave of that. I think you have to be able to see what we are doing as a business and not as a fun time on set. No, just hanging out with your coffee cup with your glitter water cups. Like it just doesn't go like that. There is that element of it sometimes but you have to see it as a business and you have to have a very real understanding of the market that you're that you're in and I think that also relates to just seeing this as a business. So they think there's so many things that have to line up for you your finances your drive. Also just your skill, right like if you're not good at what you do, you're not going to be able to constantly work people will not call you again. Then if you can't do people of all skin tones all ages if you are not patient like it's just not going to work out for you. So I think you know, it's like you're sacrificing a lot and it's every part of your life that becomes affected. So you need to be prepared and willing to I think work through that and have all of those things effective and affected and figure out, you know, if this is what you want and then again back to just treating it as a business. Like that's really what it comes down to you have to look at your Revenue. You have to look at how much you're paying for your supplies. How what's your you know, what's your cost of living? What are what are your rates? Like there's just it's so complex and part of why I started talking more about the side of industry and doing Instagram and doing all this YouTube stuff is because it's just like what you're saying. It's a business. This is just like there's so much to this. It's not just about the perfect eyebrow. The the Highlight the Contour there. Just it's far bigger than that. It is it is I absolutely agree. A lot of people are very attracted to this industry because of Instagram and YouTube and the glitz and the Glam of it. Yeah, and they think you know, okay. I'm going to be My Own Boss going to make up and all of these things not really realizing that it's a business and not really understanding even how to set their rates or even how to operate as a business. Yeah, you can Been like if you're doing Bridal having contracts and things in place and yeah all of those, I guess correct. So how did you like because you came from counter? How did you take the steps and getting into your own makeup business learning how to operate in business and doing things like that for yourself? So I went from working retail, which I actually did for I think I was in retail for somewhere between like 10 and 12 years. It was always my steady side job to pay for school. To pay for expenses when I went to University for just like a general arts degree when I finished that I was still going along that path of like I wasn't in touch with what I was good at what I wanted to do what I enjoy so, you know, you get a full-time job, you move out get your apartment, you know, you do all of the lights things that you have to check off on your list. So I went through that way and I had the opportunity just getting the full time jobs that I had to be in positions that were just like administrative roles. And I would do a little HR little counting little this little that and my last job that I had for quite a while before I quit to go full time. I was working very closely with four partners of a business and in this business, they were basically a digital advertising agency. So I was very Hands-On with what was going on business-wise and I was able to really learn about business and learn about accounting and learn about what they're looking at in terms of like Financial growth and HR and contract so I had this exposure and I think in the back of my mind, I was still hustling on the side. I was still doing makeup. I was working seven days a week for what felt like all eternity like at night doing shoes on the weekend doing weddings. Like this was my life for years and years and years and I think I got to a point where I'm like, all right, if I'm gonna do this, I'm the type of person when I do something I go 100 all in it's not just about the fun and games of doing makeup. There's got to be more to it. I have to ensure that I can pay my rent. I have no support outside of that. You know, if I live I live on my own I pay my own rent. I have to be aware of the numbers like there has to be I was always thinking to myself like there. I need to look at this as what's the business side of it. So even though I didn't know the particulars of the industry and like how things work because I stumbled a lot in that area. I just knew that it would still come back to what's my what's my cost for my kid? How much do I need to make in order to pay my rent? My bills if I want to do this full-time, what's the safety net? I need to save up. I need to get rid of my credit card debt. Do I have debt from school? Can I go into this career owing? Maybe maybe not like I was looking at that kind of thing. Yes, and I'm glad he said that you know just be transparent, you know, working a full-time job doing makeup at night when he's on the weekends. That's what it takes to be an entrepreneur. You know, you need everything sides in order to even fun this thing like where you have to build a kit and everything. You have to have other income coming in. Yes other. Otherwise if you don't all if you if you invest everything into the business and then you're not making any profit. Fateh then, how are you going to pay your bills like simple? Like you know, what do you need to make how much are you earning? I was just financially so fearful for so long because I knew that it was a huge risk for me and I needed to be sure that if I was going to risk everything and quit the job that I had and you know, potentially not damaged like I've been with my husband for I think it's like 13 14 years now and we work together. When I was thinking about this and it's just like I don't want to put a financial burden on him. He's game for it and he is my you know, one of my biggest supporters but it's just like I can't rely on another person. I can't rely on my parents my siblings. Like I don't want to rely I couldn't because we're just not that way, you know, I come from a very working-class family. So there's not just money floating around and you know people handing me money here and there so I was just so scared about that that I wanted. To make sure that I was certain financially that I could quit if I wanted to go full-time or do this freelance and still have a safety net to be able to support myself regardless of if I have a partner or not or if I have family help or not. Like I need it to be square and I think even now still that's one of my biggest motivators is that I need to be okay to support myself because you that's you know, that's what it is. When you do this. It's the cost of living for yourself when you have a spouse. You have a family that's a whole other ball game. I don't have children. I didn't have them. I don't have a mortgage at that point. So I'm looking at my finances and I'm thinking okay. I can get I have an idea of what my expenses are if I can save up a few months of expenses. I'm safe and I can kind of start to really hustle and get out there but it was that back and forth. You know when you're at a full-time job and you're like, what do I do? How do I do this? I didn't want to just quit and then start from zero like I had Had to get my finances intact and that was like years of working. I don't know how many jobs always a retail job full-time job retail job freelancing. Like it was years of that. It was from when I was 16 until I was 29 maybe 30 so that whole time I'm just out there hustling hustling hustling and sometimes that's what it takes a specially because Make a it could be a full-time career, but you don't really know the types of makeup. This needed people aren't getting married every single day of the week know, right? Yeah, like so if you have your bridal makeup artist then you know, most of the most of the time what is there on weekends, right? Yeah. So what did you do the other five days and then and then also, You may not always have a wedding every single weekend either. So you have to learn the market that you're in and it different types of makeup. So let's talk about some of the different types of makeup jobs as I know. There's like TV like you said camera to work but a lot of times people don't even realize how much work. I had a friend who worked at like an opera in the theater. Yeah and during a preseason. She was very busy. So there's a lot of different Avenues you can take but a lot of times people don't even know about that. They may just don't happen to do weddings. Well how you it's going to be impossible to really do it full time. Unless you're charging thousands of dollars each way. Yeah, you have to get working for you right client. Yeah. So in terms of the different types of I think you bring up a good point with the bridal industry. It can be very lucrative lucrative. But what people don't understand is that your Bridal clients book a year in advance. So what are you doing in the meantime? And that's if you are good and if you have a book that shows what you can do and if you have bridal shoes, so the bridal industry also. Lucrative you got to buy into that and make sure that you're looking at your clients and your earnings one to two years in advance. So that's Bridal along the same lines as Bridal. There's event step. So like your your, you know, your showers and your bachelorettes and you're just whatever regular clients going out for an evening, you know, you're just different little things and that's I think I would put that under the umbrella of like just personal clients. So outside of weddings, there's People that will just pay you. It's like one day they have a date they need something done. You can go and do that. There's makeup for headshots that you can do. There's a lot of photographers that will package headshots and they'll include a makeup artist in that package. So actors or models or whoever can come in there is model testing and this is like a little bit of a tricky thing to get into you need to be networking with photographers. And with that modeling agencies will send new people to give them experience and get their book going and they'll pay Photographer may be a stylist to be a makeup artist. So there's that then you have just your union stop. And if you're going the union route, I didn't personally go that route. You need to get your permit status to whatever film television Union is local to you. And you know, that's a different world altogether. It's you can do really well there. But again, you're sacrificing a lot of time these big shows and movies, you know, three months out of your life. That's your life, but that's Cindy regular work for somebody and you can work on set before getting your full union membership so you can work towards that I am freelance here. So I'm non-union. So I work on non-union sets and I do I do Beauty campaigns. I do one of my big clients is the Harlequin romance novel covers. They've been what I love it such a funny funny the you know, it's such a fun job. It's been very regular for me. So Is a head office here and I shoot with them and I've been doing that for years and years and years. So that's something you can do. A lot of people don't think about things like headshots, like book covers. A lot of people are due to have to do media kits now because they need a photo for Instagram for over link to it, you know all this stuff. So there is some place there's Parker's that put together media kits kind of similar to head shots. There's just non-union commercials a lot of Brands me to advertise online. It's not necessarily about the big TV commercials anymore those you know, Saul YouTube content and other content for social media tons of work I do in that area trying to think of what else they do Beauty campaigns. I think I said, um, I will anything that's paying on there basically like whatever it's a commercial for baby formula by me up. I'm there, you know. So a lot of training videos like companies do training videos for their employees. I've done tons of those there's the videos that brands do that to Internally Banks Insurance, like there's just so many different things and because Brands and other companies now have to produce so much content. They need hair and makeup for that. You know, so you get to do those things as well. Awesome. Awesome. I think that's great. So how do you separate yourself from everyone else in the industry? Actually so funny so much less talking to me about this the other day. So I think there's a couple things that I would say. I am aware of that I do when I'm working on set. I want to make sure that I'm adding value when I step onto any set. So when I pack my kid up there's things like I have I don't know if they have a regular client and they like a certain type of gum. I bring that gum because I know they like it or if I'm on set and there's no wardrobe stylist there and the clothes are not looking good. There's some, you know, cat hair or some dust or something. I've got a lint roller in my kit. I'll go up when I touch up and I'll let it roll. The person's clothes there. I look at each job that I'm on as like where can I contribute? I don't want to overstep and step on anybody's toes, but I want to make sure. Helpful there and I am adding value. So yes, they're working. They're booking me as a makeup artist. Yes. I'm going to do a great job of the makeup, but I'm going to be personable very friendly. I'm going to be supportive to the talent that I'm working with. I'm going to have gum for them. I'm going to have mins. I'm going to grab them a water. I'm going to take off dust on their clothes. I want to make sure their skin is looking good before they leave like just little things I think is important because I think a lot of that is missing. There's people that are of the mind of like this is to beneath me. I don't get paid to to do this. I'm not doing that. If you don't have a stylus you can do it on your own, you know, you can you can deal with that yourself that energy going into a set for me doesn't work. So when I go in there, I'm like, what can I do to just make this thing run smoothly so we can all get out of here on time. Like when I work with children, I have stickers for them and I have little coloring books that I bring very inexpensive get them from the dollar store. No skin off my back and everybody's happy and you know clients remember that so that's how I look at My day-to-day jobs also in communication. I try to be as efficient and quick as possible because when you aren't you lose a job and it's like your client is not your priority when you take three days to email them back not going to work these days. So I try to be on top of that. I just more my approach to the energy that I'm bringing on set basically. If you haven't heard about anchor this the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain it's free. There's a creation tool that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So the it could be heard on Spotify Apple Pie cast Google Play and many more to make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one. Is download the free app your app or go to Anchor that fm2 can start it? I think that's awesome, you know just being a team player and adding value and nowadays is different because I know like I've been on shoots and I'm looking like soon as they take the first shot. I'm looking to make sure everything is good on camera, but you know how it is when they do the lighting. Yeah. I am, you know Hands-On. I'm sometimes like if the model because I've been on so many issues. So maybe the model may need a little help with loosening up or posing. I might say we're trying to turn this way a little bit earlier. The substance of photographers not a directed some of them don't yeah, very involved. But then I've seen other like newer artists or they're just on their phone the whole time. Yeah the broken. Yeah the phone - yeah, so naturally you nailed it. It's just like just look like be a team player and go in there and it's like all right, if the moms having a bad morning like just give her it give him or her a second and just let them, you know, talk to them a little bit and try not to Step on their toes and just set everybody up for Success that day if you're on set and you know, the client is like I don't know why this this model is not smiling like we need some sun. I don't know why this person doesn't smell you can step in and while you're touching up the makeup say just you know, look a few more. I think they want a few more Smiles. It's just like it's just look out for your people when you're on set. You guys are all working together. You're a crew. That's the great thing about this job. You're supported your with like-minded people. We're all out here hustling freelance business. This owners, you know, it's just like when you're on set this is your community of people. So let's make the day enjoyable and easy life is short. We don't need to be on a set for 15 hours if we can get it in eight like do anything that you can and it's just common sense things that you can do. Your person on camera is talking for an hour give them a water with a straw in it. So they can just have a little sip not wreck the Wardrobe and you know, their throat is time try and they can get their lines out. That's it. It's just like Look at what's going on? It's not about you. It's about the team and then do your job and move on. Great. So how this talk about the trends now I ended up. So how do you feel about the latest trends and makeup? Yeah, so up or I'm gonna say for us because you know back when it used to be there's like four times a year. There's fashion shows happening the what is going on in fashion is dictating the trends that's where you're pulling the makeup inspiration from is the runways fast forward to present day. The trends are coming weekly. They're coming daily. They're coming from YouTube they're coming for I don't know what is happening. I cannot keep track of Thing. I don't know. What is trending what is not I become less focus on the beauty trends because some of them are just not applicable to doing this job as a working makeup artist. They may be great. If you're out there trying to create content for yourself and you're doing the influencer thing. It's just separate from what we do. So it's hard for me now and I think it's hard for just my clients to to understand like is this a trend like is so proud? This a trend is this cut creased is this what's trending now, or is this just on Instagram or YouTube? Like I think there's a lot of gray area with what is actually a beauty trend for people that are not on social media and what is not so I don't even know like every week I go at Social and I'm like, oh God, they're like perming their eyebrows straight. They're like good them to their I don't even know what's going on. You know what I mean? Like I never know so it's hard for me to speak on Trends now and I even have clients that are like, oh, so what are the trends? I'm like, I don't know like I'm confused. I don't know what to tell you darker colors. I don't know. You know, it's like I think inspiration is coming from so many different places now and it's not seasonal anymore. It's just like almost weekly there's new things coming up and new makeup brands and new colors and textures. So the trend thing. Oh my gosh. I kind of miss the old days. Sometimes it was just so much simpler, you know? Yeah because I like I would get a lot of people who do not even Even need contouring but they think they do right because they've seen it so many places. I'm like no honey. Your face your structure is good there. You know what? Yeah, you don't need it. And you know, you don't really have to do the cut crease is either you don't need that either and they're like no but the girls love you too, bro. I saw it on Instagram but everything that's on there is a going to necessarily translate for everyday life or look good right Hugh. Yeah, but it gets confusing sometimes for for real. Every day women who want to keep up with what's going on because it's like you said it's not like it once was where you know, whatever runway show coming out. Okay. These are the new colors for spring. These are new colors. Yeah. Now it's just kind of like, you know, okay, we're going to put 50 pounds of this on and you know, try to get this and we're going to cut it. It's out there when you use a spoon to do this. I'm going to look at it and then we put another look. Yeah. I think I find myself just not trying to I'm like interpreting what's going on and I'm trying to adapt it to the job that I'm doing and I think that's more where we as working makeup artists are kind. That's the space. We're working Within These Days where it's like I'm seeing a Pinterest board. For example, I know 90% of the photos on this Pinterest board or retouch. I know the makeup is done for camera with heavy heavy lighting which is what social media consists of a lot of these days and I find I'm looking at it going like how can I bring this into reality for from my client for what they're shooting? You know, we're not shooting commercials with there's like ring light and this light and this light and then the cameras that you know two inches from the eye and like everything is blasted with like, you know, if it's just a commercial or it's a catalog or its e-commerce type of shoot they want maybe a winged liner. But how do I bring it to something? That's wearable. Also, how do I execute it? Because we're going to be here for 10. Hours and this model changing clothes 500 times over so I think it's a lot of awareness of kind of what's trending and then figuring out okay, I know about this. How do I bring this into real life? How do I translate this for my client? Whether it's a bridal client or a client from a company or a clothing line or beauty brand like how it's like you're kind of just playing chess almost trying to figure out what the next move is. Hmm. Definitely, but I think it's just You know, what I've learned is to just be true to me, right so I'm not going to be for everybody and else. Is it going to be for me? No, and that's okay. It's fine but it's so fine. And that is I think as soon as you can be true or to yourself what you enjoy and you know, they aesthetic that you like. That's when you start developing your personal style and that's where people are like, oh this girl does great skit. Oh she does great brows. I need this kind of brow in my lookbook for Or of my Foundation brand she does great work or he does great work. Like, you know, these are the type of people that when you develop a style like, you know makeup by Mario, you know his style, you know, and he does Kim's makeup. There's so many artists like that that I can name off where it's like, you know, it's their work as soon as you see it. Once you start getting in touch with that part of yourself and what you enjoy doing and you know what you're what you're good at without trying to do someone else's work. I think that's like one of the keys to establishing yourself in the industry I would agree now. That's what we talked about earlier your YouTube channel, and I wanted to kind of talk about a little bit because you decided to go a different route. Like you're not the typical YouTuber influence, you know, just putting a whole bunch of makeup on you're talking about what goes in the kit how to pack a kit how to sanitize. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think I can see you cover up our tracks and everything all of those the yeah. They you show what it looks like working in a mine. And the type of products that you use so what made you decide to go that route and share a little bit of that with us? Yeah. Yeah, there was there's two reasons why so the first reason is that I as an artist even now I find it really hard to find information on products that I want to use for our jobs. I find it really hard to find an honest review. I don't know what I'm looking at half the time of this retouched or not. I don't know how to use certain things. It's a new product about familiar with I can't get the real information. And just career-wise. I always I'm very in touch with how I was feeling when I first started and I was grasping for in for any information I could find I was watching TV. I was trying to look at fashion shows. See what's on the makeup artist table. Like I was always trying to grasp her information. And now with that mindset if I was somebody I would look at YouTube and look at social media and it's like okay if I want to know even for me if I want to know like what are people doing for bridal makeup these days are people doing their contracts? People bringing stuff back. Where do you bring in that bag? I cannot find any of that. You know, it's just like products. They said after product placement. So I'm like look if I want to have a career here and I want to work with good people and have good assistants. Maybe I can give back to provide education so that we can maintain some sort of level of decency in this job or else how are people coming into the industry going to know how to properly handle themselves. I know that there's a A bunch of us makeup artist in every city in the industry. So I try to share what I know that's going to help someone else get into it and they're going to come into it with the same level of professionalism that I am so that I'm not trying to be out here dealing with people who are undercutting me and just acting a fool onset and doing all this stuff. That's just compromising the Integrity of what we're trying to do here of our job because there's a lot of working professionals that want to keep this industry going because it's an amazing industry to be part of so, that's one thing. I just felt like what was on sale Media was just doing such an injustice to what we do in our jobs were business owners. We are creative people like there's so much more. There's so much to it. It's not just about product placement and what we use and the beat and the before-and-after. It's just more than that. So I wanted to do that. Secondly. I look at my own career. I'm almost 40 now. I don't know if this is the actual physical part of this job. This can be forever. I don't see any, you know, look at all this stuff around. I'm like Being real real real it's not a forever thing, but I need to figure out how I'm going to find my place so that I can ensure that I am working Beyond, you know what I can do physically, right? So let's just say I throw my back out in two or three years. What am I going to do? Like what is here for me? I'm not that good at anything else. But if I can start showing my ability to educate and to share knowledge and I can participate in social media because I don't see it coming back from that. That is another source of revenue for me and it will give me examples of my work to present to maybe a brand or a school or whatever. It is in the future. If I physically cannot keep up with the job with this job or if something happens where I lose a bunch of clients and I need to hustle for cash. So it's kind of a doing the social stuff is kind of self-serving in a way because I you know, I need to make sure that I'm good with my career and I need to stay up to date with what is happening in our industry and social has completely come through and changed everything. Breath, but also if I'm going to be doing social I better like it and it better be helpful for somebody. So that was kind of my idea going into you know, paying more attention to Social and creating content. I love that because you know, you're definitely looking at your future your future in the long run. But then you're also reaching back and helping others and teaching. Yeah. That's great that you're getting impact because most people I don't even think they think of that It's just try to make a name for themselves so they can get so many followers or whatever. And yeah, it takes to do that. But you're you're you're really giving valuable content stuff that you know, you could charge for artists liquid. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, then it's just like, you know, the long-term is like I get paid to do more content and I'm getting paid by Brands to actually show how their makeup is used and how it looks on camera like as much as I'm doing, you know, a lot of charitable stuff here, and I'm I'm hoping I'm giving people good information to get their own careers going like I know how to make money too. And I got to get my piece of this pie because I deserve it and other working artists deserve to have to make money in this space right who are not just you know, sitting doing makeup on themselves doing makeup for social media. So with that being said, you know, I just think the other thing that kind of bothers me is that artists will be like, oh I can't find a good assistant. Oh, I can't find someone to replace me. Everyone's like doesn't know what they're doing, but it's like you're not reaching out that kind of help. Educate the people that are coming up under you. So yeah, they're going to undercut you. They're going to do something Shady to your client because they sometimes people just don't know any better, right? So you again back to this idea of like keeping our industry standards at a certain level without educating younger people that are coming into the industry. How can we expect to preserve what we have? Right. Yeah this would you give someone who is looking to start out in this industry right now? Oh my gosh. Okay. This is this is I get asked this question a lot. I get DM's about this a lot. And as you can tell I'm sure my personality. I'm very direct very honest. I try to be as open as possible. It's like you have to sacrifice it all if you're going to be in this game you have to think about again think about this as a business. Business think about how many parts of your life is going to affect. It's not just a matter of following your dreams. It's great to do that. It's great to be passionate about your work. Everyone should be able to be passionate about their work and work in a community or environment that empowers them have something that they enjoy doing but it's a business you need to have some sort of financial stability before you even start thinking about picking up a makeup brush. You need to make sure you're not in debt. You need to make sure that if you are in debt, you can manage the payments. You need to make sure that you You have regular income whether it be a full-time or part-time job as you start to build your business and you also need time because it takes so long to get into this and especially now it's very Cutthroat. There's so many people doing this you need to make sure you have that safety. Net. Some people don't want to bother working a part-time job. They want to quit want to follow their dream. They want to become a makeup artist during the move here and do that. That works for some we have our makeup by Mario stories. We have these stories of artists who you know, they work very hard. They get discovered their jet-setting all over the world the very famous. They have their own Brands, but you know, you can count on one hand how many artists have had that career. So you need to be aware of that and whatever you're doing. You have to be happy with the good and the bad that has to be enough for you. I think I think people get into the mindset of like, oh my gosh will one day. A I want to be working on celebrities and everything they're doing is to get that one opportunity to work with a celebrity that may never come and that's okay. You can enjoy your job just being happy doing makeup day to day. I'm not a celebrity makeup artist myself. Am I less then another makeup artist who does celebrities know we just have different career. So you have to keep that in mind to the career. You think you might have might not be Court decree think you want to have might not be what you get. So you really have to find it. Climate in just be the craft just the day-to-day aspects of the industry to so I think it's I don't know. I just think it's like a lot you have to really sit down and consider a lot about this job because it really does and I'm sure you can speak to this too. It really does affect every portion of your life your work life balance your relationships with your friends your relationships with your family your partner, like everything is affected because it requires so much of you to you know support yourself. Yeah, I agree and Everything That Glitters isn't gold. And so while people think they want to work with celebrities. Yeah, I know people that have worked with celebrities and they're probably not even working as much as you are. You know, I'm yeah. Yeah, like they make passion a paycheck really big paycheck once every so often but they might be only working three times, you know, in four months. I don't know what the reality is. It's also very difficult to manage that side. It's a completely different world how to manage a celebrity, you know, they're a really good example. I watched that Lady Gaga documentary that's on Netflix and her makeup artist is sitting there with a set bag hanging over her shoulder Lady Gaga's in the doctor's office getting an appointment and she's got to do her makeup in the doctor's office for him. It's like think about that for a minute and the doctor's office. Yes, like think about that. Now you're carrying. I don't know how many pounds kind of bag around with you and you got to be able to to do it right on the whim. I know it's Lady Gaga and she's gorgeous and she has just like, you know, it's a it's very great opportunity for a makeup artist to work with her because she's so makeup Focus but like just really think about the pressure of that. And is that something that you're going to be fun to be on call for for the rest of your days did I know that's a lot of stress? I don't know. I don't know if it's clearly proud of them handle it. You know, I just don't know right but those aren't you see these little tidbits of things and in the moment, it looks So Glamorous, but I look at it like oh my God. This home and she is really killing us because she was turning out the liquid liner smokey eye in the doctor's office in two minutes. Like I can't do that right now, you know, like I don't think I don't think I have the, you know the straight to do that in the face that I don't know but look at these things and I'm like, I don't know if I would want to be away from home for months at a time and fly out. Just you know, I just don't know some people just really strive for that and if you can get to that level, I think that's fantastic and amazing and I'm sure there's so many amazing things are going to get to experience. Ants, but I also just like I'm really happy doing what I'm doing. I love to be I'm on set sometimes and I'm like, wow, there's a huge chunk of people that have no idea. What the hell is going on on these Sentiments of pretty incredible to work people are doing and the type of people that you mean and I get to be somewhere different all the time and I'm meeting people and I'm learning new things. It's just like there's something very rewarding about that and I'm creating something. Like that in me is great. If and if you are in a small town you can do you can do bridal makeup full time. You can be the best bridal makeup artist in your town. You have a great work-life balance, you know, because it's not happening all the time. Like there's so much good in every aspect of our industry doesn't matter if you make it to Hollywood or you make it to New York. It's like that might not happen and it's not like winning the lottery. Sometimes these types of jobs. I'm glad you said that because sometimes have you gotten that like when you told Keep your makeup artists and it automatically ask you about I'm like, I'm Gonna Let You down right now. I don't do celebrities is just like I live in Toronto. There's not the same. There's artists who are well-established very talented artist who cover off the celebrity portion. I'm not in that group of people. I'm okay with it. Some of my friends do work on celebrities. That's their that's their you know special skill. That's what they do. They were they're really good at their job. They're great with people there. Have good agency management. Like there's lots going for them to get them into that role when I look at it Toronto big city, but small towel when it comes to makeup, right? Everybody knows everybody unless these five makeup artist just disappear off the face of the Earth. I'm probably not going to get the opportunity to work with certain celebrities, right? So have to be real that like like she's got it. She's not that old. So she's probably working for another 20 years. I don't think I can get in here. You know, I'll be shooting. It's tucked up into the universe. So I'm like, I don't think so. Can good for me in the celebrities, right? So you got to look at things I think like that and and it's yeah, it's not in you can have a great career. He's things can happen to you. You can have like a great discovery store and get swept off to Hollywood in a second. But sometimes you got to like touch base with what's really going on in your Market to yeah, definitely. I absolutely agree with that. So Angie, how do you define success? I define success you have some good questions for me today my goodness. For myself it's being able to wake up every day to do something that I love to do to do something that allows me to pay my bills live comfortably. It's something that allows me to be creative to manage my own career my own future. I'm in control of everything that I do that to me. I feel successful. You know celebrities are not big cosmetic contracts are not big influencer following or not. I get to wake up every day. I get to support myself I get to do the job that I enjoy doing and I'm happy with that. So that's what it is for me. It's not necessarily a number thing. It's not necessarily A followers think it's just that when I wake up in the damn like oh my gosh, look what I get to do today. I don't have to be back at a 95 job that I don't like I don't need to work three jobs to support. Myself like that is enough for me. I think. Good stuff good stuff. Yeah, so I am a bookie. I always I'm always looking to read some new learn something new and so I'll just ask people to come on the podcast like what's your favorite book or Kirkwood? You're reading right now. Oh, I just read I just read the Mind Hunter book. Let me get you the author because of course they can't remember it under pressure. Let's see did you want There's a series on Netflix which are in all of that. Is that the one that so this is called my Hunter and it's about the FBI back in the mine have 900. Yes. I did. Well, yeah right honey. I just read the book. It's by John Douglas. Oh my gosh, not for the faint of heart. I don't know why I find myself getting into these but then the books. Oh my God. I miss the one where the FBI guys interview the young. Yeah. About learning. Well, you know we're working with personalities, right? So, I don't know maybe that's why it's all about, you know, reading personality types and figuring out what information you get. You can get out of them based on their type and profiling and this is really interesting to me is when my husband got off into the show. I know I did read the book. But yeah, it was it is interesting. It's the book is even more descriptive. So, I don't know if you're not into the whole they go into detail into these cases and how They figured out who did it. It's just to think that before forensics and before DNA that they could use the skill of profiling to find Sirocco to me. It's like pretty pretty interesting. So that's the last book. I read. It's just very awesome. Awesome. And so what is your favorite tool that you use to operate in business? Actually right now I use a program called dub Sato D UB s-- ad yes, I don't even know if that's the way you say it. I think it is it this bottle or the quiet. It's nothing like that. Yeah, like so any I'm using that to organize my Bridal business and I'm finding it super effective to keep all of my emails. Eyes to make sure I'm getting back to people on times make sure I'm following up so I can you know, make sure I'm not missing anybody because I know it's Bridal stuff because it's so far in advance. I find for me personally. I didn't have a way to really just organize my stuff looking at my emails. I'm kind of write things down and fall back. So I'm using this as a customer response management software. That's like a tool for me. That's just like a thing that's keeping me organized and keeping me on track with my Bridal business and my contracts and all that stuff. So, right Now I'm relying on that heavily to work. Yeah. Yeah a friend of mine was telling me about that particular app. So I have heard of it before it's complicated to learn and then just now after having it for like a year and a half. I'm just now figuring it out like oh my gosh. I had some long nights trying to figure that stuff out. But now that I have kind of got a handle on it and I think I'm going to try to use that more within the rest of my business was just keeping me organized like sometimes I can't keep up. I get it. So what are you excited about right now? I am actually my excited about makeup artist Lottie is launching a new line of makeup. I'm kind of interested to see what she's going to do her way of doing makeup / style. I'm interested in that. I'm not big on a lot of the launches the last launch. I was really excited about was venti. But now her is I think I'm really interested to where that's going. What else am I? Oh, I'm excited about more drag race. I love watching drag. I'm obsessed with the with the whole transformation the wig the color like I can't get enough of watching it since it started and I just I need my need more energy. It has been a pleasure having you on a podcast. I've definitely got to leave all of your information in the show notes, but tell everybody how they can reach you on social media and everything. Yeah, you can find me on YouTube. My handle is Auntie dibattista. You're going to have to spell that out. Everybody just find it at the end. Note and my Instagram is shorter its Angie D IB. So Aang IE D IB on Instagram. And those are the two places where you can find me. If you have any questions for me, I do q and A's on my Instagram every week and I answer questions in my comments on my YouTube videos as well. So if there's something that you want more information on you can find me there awesome and she dibattista everybody so much Angie I think friend Ian on the podcast and that's all. I have for you today. And as always stay great and we are out. Thanks for tuning into the business Beauty network podcast, Please Subscribe and support our podcast. Please share it share it with your friends and family also connect with us. We want to hear from you leave us comments. Let us know what you're enjoying about the podcast also email us at be be network podcast at gmail.com. You can also connect with me on Instagram at I am Brandy Taylor and at Exquisite look, We're also on Facebook and Twitter at Exquisite looks and you can check out my website at Exquisite looks.com. I really hope to hear from you and connect with you soon. Remember that all things are possible if you only believe stay great.