Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy. all right, so as it'll go map well. Sit here and pretty rainbows. I did the was trying to record like an intro thing for the podcast. I was I got every all this stuff to like make different sounds like a and I put it all together. It sounds too stupid nice. So I don't know if I'm going to use it. Couldn't Theory? Yeah. All right, so should we try some beer? Yes, let's go. We got some to two beds bit to bids beers. Try to have a two-bit step taken with International women's day on Monday 5 Taps what we got we got. The taco taco okay. It was I wish should I start we could start with the sour but it's not going to be on no so we can top start with the taco story as well. Yes, totally. So Taco was a beer that Danny and I came up with what we were in the us as your business partner. Danny is my business partner. Yep, correct when we're in the US and had to come up with a Forget ABS 2002 crap 2013. I'm going to say and we were flying from San Diego to Portland. We just had a pretty awesome time just eating tacos drinking beer in San Diego as you do so decided to try to take the good parts of that. So taking coriander lime, which is kind of a take on Bill. And wits as well so Belgian wet orange peel and coriander seed so a bit of a riff on that and then adding in some corn as well to give us that real I guess taco inspired Vibe corn. Tortillas All That Jazz and then yeah came home brewed it brood someone else in someone else's Brewery because at the time we didn't we didn't have one. Yeah, so and then release it at gabs. Really really well, and we had people on social media Heating and stop asking us to bring it back full time. So it was only meant to be a one-off beer. So you just use a straight up East in this one. So a pretty neutral yeast to allow all those other characters to start to Sean. Yeah, do you get anyone that doesn't like coriander being like yeah, but do they do they say that the case the coriander a lot of people who don't like coriander like yeah. No, this is good. I can drink this summer. We've we've got a few people on board, but there are plenty of people who freaked out it even just the mention of the ingredients will be like, it's going to be like it tastes like soap. Ha ha no one. Occasionally. Yeah, I'll say when I put it on tastings. I'd say I'll get nine out of 10 people tell me how much they dislike coriander. Yeah, and all nine. Love the beer right so I love it. It's really nice to testing batch. So let's talk about Taco existing on like a Continuum and it's from spicy kind of coriander too. Hoppy through to Lima and citrusy and every batch is a little bit different. Yeah. This has got a lot of nice hop to it. And that's it. Yeah, probably a bit duller on the coriander side of things this background, which is nice. It's not allowed to tell people that it's always it's a beer that's going to taste differently every time you try. Which is a bit of fun. Yeah, kind of we're proud of being the fact that this one varies a little bit because he's all natural ingredients. So it's you know that's reflected in every single back to this beer. I had it for the first time on tap last year and I don't remember it taste anything like this really good way or in a good way and a bad way both both good experiences. This is 10 a.m. As we're recording this delicious breakfast be that's it. Be your entry loss. Yeah. You tell me about the pink boots Society show. So it is a not-for-profit organization started in the US by an awesome lady called Terry fire and off who effectively started out on this big road trip thinking that she was the only female Brewer and then came across a whole stack of female Brewers along the way and decided to start this organization to effectively connect them also to maybe alleviate a little bit of a feeling of loneliness that she had Variance, so I met Terry in the US on one of my trips and founded the Australian chapter also to be a similar kind of thing should be a connection. So there were eight women and our first pink boots society meeting in 2011. And I think now we probably got a hundred and fifty yard members and then a stack of people who are eligible to be members were probably not connected with it. So the way we look at it. It's a great way for us to be able to To share ideas to be able to just be a connection to be able to be a network and yeah just to offer support and learning and everything for any female who earns an income for beer in any way shape or form. So obviously Brewers marketers Basta you name it? If you earn even one dollar from something to do with beer, then you are eligible to be a pain, but Society member and You should connect with with the group because there's such an awesome bunch of women who I'm so lucky to call my friends and to be able to be involved with well. Yeah, I had no idea I was so fed up and I was like, I found pink boots and a few interviews. I like what is this? So I actually resigned from pincode society about three years ago and effectively handed it over to the to the next generation of females kind of coming up to be able to let them kind of do with it as they wanted to do. With it because it's like the industry has changed so much even since since I started that chapter and I'm so stoked to see what they've done with it and where it's gone and obviously pink boots Society do they've got a beer for international women's day. So they all got together and did a brew day and the proceeds of that will go to making scholarships for women to be able to do certain things like go to conferences or being used for courses and everything like that. So it's just this really great situation when we get together. They do a thing. And the money that then goes on to help more women and to be able to you know, do things to actually better. I guess our position and where everyone stands awesome. Yeah. So I'm not eligible to join know. Unfortunately, you don't yeah, it's fine. I've been left out of a few clubs. Are you gonna be of international image that I am? Yes. Yeah, we do. So we've got worried a woman XP a or X Phi as it's a Chase. What are you guys doing page at the moment pages in size? And so yeah reflection of I guess what's around so We want to do an XP I and then my peach tree in. My backyard was was ripe at the same time. So I was like, let's just put that in there and it is actually pictures from your backyard. They just run my backyard yet. That's awesome. Yeah. So yeah. I have a big Peach Tree in my backyard. So we've put Peters from that inside the beer and we've added some more as well because we needed needed more. I probably got 50 or 60 kilos off the tree, but we got more more than that going into the beer. So anyway, so XP a we wanted to do something. That was really nice bright fresh good amount of hops. And then yeah just a nice kind of peachy peachy character as well Warrior woman was started out at one of our team days where we all get together and one of the kind of I guess workshops for the day was working up a beer idea including release and tap decal and all that. Stuff and one of the group's came up with Warrior woman to release for international women's day. So following that we ended up making actually all of the beers everyone pitched. So and that was one of them and then we decided to make it an annual things the last year we did an IPA with guava this year xpa with peach. Yeah, so it's something that we've had tremendous support for amazing. Yeah, so Definitely something we want to we want to continue with International women's day is like it's Christmas for me. It's one of my actually liked it more than Christmas. It's one of my favorite days of the year. So being able to do something that kind of draws attention to females and I guess is in honor of these people who I'm in or all of you know on the reg is is something really special for me great. It is free the nipple was that last year. Free the nipple was the before. Yeah, and I put India Pale lager. Yes, very very funny. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of my favorites is that was that's one of the ones I'm like one of my most proud moments of freezing people. It was a good it's great. It would be yeah, it was really great. Actually, we should probably bring that one back. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, I noticed the one's got a free the neighbor out at the moment. Yes. Yeah through the Naples better. How long you been with two bits man six months now, right? Yes, how's it going? It's going tremendously. Well looks like we have to say that your bosses. Yeah, I know. So it's really great. Just working with a lot money to people and for the company of this gives you a lot of support and just makes fantastic product that you can be proud of every day selling a road, which makes it a lot easier great. Should we try another beer? Yeah, let's do it. So tomorrow. Using some passion fruit puree which I have to think that so carefully every time I see it because every time I try to have to say passion fruit puree just doesn't roll off the tongue so that five times fast. Yeah, totally so, you know, somehow made to be just approachable made to be a beer that you can sit outside in there in the Sun and drink and enjoy and not think too carefully about but something that's that's delicious, right? It smells great. Yep, definitely smells that passion for it. Yeah, we haven't this on tap. We already decided on sometimes. Yes. Yep. That's women's day Schubert step. Take over. Mmm-hmm. Well, I don't know if we mention we will have to pay checks pay on big Jax beer. Yep. We've got here the Warriors will be excellent. And we're wondering whether or not we should have only women working or only men working so that women can have the day off. That's a good question. Yeah. I like option b and all the men have to weigh like what is it fishing at singlets? Interesting? Yeah. Yeah we had on Pride day. We had a drag queen show. Yes with three dragons are there like right here? Just that was it was awesome. It would have been if that was so funny. It's very unpleasant myself all day. So you started Little Creatures. Yes with no Brew experience. Mmm, so I wasn't drinking age when you were there. So I decided I didn't get to try any to be as you made. What I wanted to ask is so that they started in 2000 Little Creatures is that true sounds about right so you got there like four years after their opened. Yes. I was there for the third birthday. I think from memory. So did you feel like you were like having no experience? Because there has been there for years. Yeah, did you felt you were loading with them or we just in or what? They were doing. Look I probably didn't necessarily understand the I guess significance of them at that particular point in time and probably what they were doing in terms of pioneering beer in this country. I think I necessarily understood that at the time I think looking back obviously I get that so I knew I was part of Especially I absolutely understood that at the time that what they were doing was awesome. I definitely wasn't learning with them. I was learning from them right without any question the both from the Brewers and the sort of the business side of it. They were really smart operators. And that was just obvious for to see from from the get-go and the Brewers were were amazing as well and they taught me. 95% of what I know right in terms of quality and consistency and everything like that. So they're really like as far as I can remember being like that were the first craft beer sort of those James Squire, but that really been around for a while and it was an interesting time. I mean they were very obviously differentiated from that situation in that they were because they were independent and because it was it was a very different vibe and you know, I'm I was lucky enough. I was in wi so if anyone's ever been there to kind of be involved in that huge Hospitality operation that is the little creatures Hospital there, which was just a ginormous. It was like nothing that I'd ever seen at the time. So this place where you can actually go and drink the beer eat food sit there amongst all the tanks and and and it's not like the whole the whole exploding. There was no like there was no houses week. Yeah, there was no kind of Cellar Door experience on a you know, on a brief side of things that I was familiar with. So obviously we had we had Matilda Bay Bryn in wa so it was kind of, you know used to those beers. But yeah, these guys are the first ones really doing I remember tasting my first pile Little Creatures pale just being like what is going on here and just this, you know, beautiful fruit sort of slightly floral note. Just blew my blue my tiny mind and and I remember sitting at the bar at little creatures and going I will work here like right at least two years before I started working there. I was like, I will work here. I was a one-acre at the time and I was like, yeah. No, this is the thing that I'm going to I'm going to do and so when I was looking for a job and one came up at creatures, I was like, well, I'm obviously going to apply so I'd like 90 applications from my understanding. Wow, so how much did you lie on your resume more in my interview that I did with a lot in person as opposed to lying in writing that's better and I told the story about how I had home-brewed and whatever which is a complete lie never I've literally seen even to this day still never home-brewed what but apparently that didn't that wouldn't have helped me anyway, so I feel right about that one. Well the the summer I was really nice the passion fruit so subtle. It's not a massive, you know, it's not a huge leap actually Punchy passion fruit, but it's definitely there and it's just a nice little kind of backbone. Yeah, I support act mmm. I would love a good summer. I was at the moment even though some is over now. Dude, never even in Melbourne. When do we get back? I love that. We had a 30 30 degree died on the weekend. And did you just say was everyone just out and about here and I think it would because I remember because it was like this may be the last hot day that we get ya was packed. Yeah, this is it guys Summer's over. It sounds like okay Clarice. I'm just going to take a Minutes break. Yeah. Catch breath 17 cakes. Yep. All right, where we at what we're doing probably ready to turn another beer good at Sunset o going. So you're the The Nest the brewery The Brewhouse the bar and all that is in the Spotswood. Yes. I'm not heard of the suburb. Yeah, probably unless you have children and you've been to science works. You may well know. I was a child. There you go. Unless you were a child in Victoria. Yeah. Yeah, so, you know science works then, you know spottswoode sewed literally just It does you get off the West Gate Bridge? Yeah, so part industrial part residential suburb kind of 20 minutes on the train from center of the city. Yeah, it's great little spot sure is yeah. What do you what's the nest? So that's what you're doing. Yes. That's what we do all of our Brewing. We also have our tasting room so bar kitchen, so, Come and eat food. Mmm, the little creatures Vibes but here's watch ha ha ha ha. No obviously can come eat food drink all of the fresh beers. We got 10 Taps there so we'll have the full ongoing range and then whatever limited releases we have as well. So it's just a nice rotating range of one or two nests exclusives. Yep, kicking about. Yep. We always have taco and top which is the only place that you'll find it on top all the time. You guys will obviously have a keg for the weekend but Get to be we don't do want a particularly often. Yeah, so sunsets sunsets my my baby really? So when we brewed it a brute it because it was no there was no beer that I wanted to drink that was on the market in terms of there was nothing that had exactly checked all of the boxes. So I was like, okay cool. I'm just going to go ahead and make it for myself. So American style Red Ale and at the time it was kind of inspired by By Ruby Red Grapefruit. So it's some citrusy hops, but with this really lovely base of eight nine different Molt's so it's got this. Beautiful ruby red color and then slightly kind of rosti mold with this lovely little hot light on top of it. It's yeah, it's really nice. Yeah. Probably our most awarded bierstadt's picture like part Champion Amber Amber red eye lat IBA twice and it's also we made the beer for wetherspoons. People are aware of the very large public chain in the UK really tripping over there. No, we actually went over there and brood about trivets at one of their partner Breeze and it went on top it 900 Laughs pubs damn all at once. That's a lot of beer and it won best beer the the first of all which got touted as best beer in the world. Of course, I'd just let everyone around me. It's very good. Got it. Yeah, so it's only four point six percent alcohol and it scares a lot of people when they look at it if you're not necessarily a fan of Darker beers, but it's so balanced and just such a such a delightful little package. Hmm. It's it's easy to drink all year round. It's definitely like it's a light enough dark beer for summer, but it's definitely still got enough body for winter when you want something. That's a bit heftier. So it's just yeah all year round. It's great. Is there a season that it sells more? I think it starts to pick up about now. Yeah, probably Autumn. Yeah Autumn, it's Autumn color to it. That's what's it. Yep. Yep, feel like matching your beauty wardrobe than this is probably want to start working on that's good. Mmm. What a way to start the day as well. Yeah. That's it. I had a question about you had brute Moondog are not mean doc manager the other one yet mountain goat. Yes. Yeah Mountain Goat Head Brewer. Yes. I heard you invented steam out. I was involved. Which we've helping dive with steam. Oh, yeah, so it's part of kind of one of the discussions we had around where they would take the where they would take the range if they were starting from scratch and that was sort of when we were looking at something like Steam and then yeah have the opportunity to help help David Martin and work up the recipe and where they wanted to go with it. So which was think there's a really pivotal thing in They're in their company was really pivotal part of where they ended up going from them. Yeah, we're on the street is the email doubled mountain goat size and the size of a year. Yeah about that. Yeah, that would be my understanding. That's pretty impressive. Yeah. Yeah by the time we'd ordered I when I was leaving, we just ordered a new brew house and we probably by the time it landed realize it should have doubled or tripled the size of it. So within three months it looked like it was just Had under done everything which was a good problem to have obviously. Yeah. Well and now now look at go uh-huh, so it's pretty much it's wanted to what's your favorite beer the you make and you call range. I have been drinking a lot of the fruit Tang. So the sour that we've been doing so we've had that sort of through summer so far as I'm concerned I look at it as one of our you know ongoing range beers because it's been around for a little bit but I'm digging. It's the 3.8% really clean really refreshing sessionable fashionable. So we get a case a month and That's what I've been taking home with me. So it's constantly in my in my fridge at the moment. Yeah, what about you? Yeah, I think so. I've been with the company for seven months and I think every single month of taking pale home. It's just such a fantastic deal. Yeah, so easy to drink the fact we adults to it because it's such a nice creaminess. Really? Yep. We got that here. We should probably be my second favorite and it was the one that took the longest to Get to everyone else starts out with a pilot took us about three or four years to actually put one in the range really. Well. Yeah because I couldn't work out why anybody would want another pale ale it's just seemed like such a hard thing to be able to walk into a walk into a pub and go. Hey, here you go. Here's my pal and be like why so I guess when we started when we decided to put a pale ale out, my whole point was let's give let's put a point of difference in there. So using oats, Was the way of doing that so it's got two types of oats in it's got your standard, you know porridge oats and then it's got golden naked oats, which is like a crystal. Oh, it's just my absolute favorite Brewing ingredient live try to shove it into anything that that I can hmm. But yeah, it just gives a really silky smooth silky smooth. It is I have not having a pale ale on a breweries like not having a margarita on it a pizza place. Sure. Yep. And it was you know, yes, it was where we had the nest but it just seemed like a, you know, it's fine. We had other things we have had other beers that would kind of but well, maybe it's a good thing about it so long because it's come out very well. Thank you. Yes, it's definitely my this is always one that I go to at the nest. You can just have a few of them. Yeah, nice pineappley. Yeah, I think that's it. It's the balance of it's smooth and creamy, but then all that sort of tropical fruit coming in at the end. You're like really balances it out and the fact that it is like it's pale. There's so many powers out there that are quite Hefty. Mmm. The fact that this is just a nice easy drinking beer. Yeah. There's ticks a lot of boxes. Okay. I think we got to start wrapping it up. Otherwise, someone's gonna get a parking ticket on our parking spot on Sunday, but I like for the whole day ha. No I didn't get it. That's good. Do they work on Sundays? They must do. All right. Thanks Jane. Thanks Matt pleasure. Thank you. Got to drink their beer. Come to Freddy's drink our beer which is going to be their beer on Sunday. Romans day will also have musical guest and yeah. Have a nice day. Do you guys see ya see ya? All right guys, come on up now. It's a check for a brooke-taylor. It's called your side of the bed to be playing it pretty with Paul's at 5:30 on Sunday the 8th of March International women's day. Come on down. See you then. Bye. I'll drive home my things back. the town From my arms up and down. Don't tell me stories and lies and the rumors you. You feel the same. And we'll both make a promise. It's not break a promise.