Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk about who I am and how I began this whole journey, if you don't know me, I'm a five foot three petit mal. All who is signed by several Boutique agencies across the East Coast. I have been modeling for seven years now and I have booked work for amazing Brands like Ulta beauty CeraVe owned by L'Oreal Apple Dick's Sporting Goods to name a few and this is what I do full time everything started when I was still living in El Salvador. I believe the first moment I thought about modeling was when I was in first grade and I had a classmate that she did this shoot for this very well-known PJ company and I just thought that was so cool. Like I didn't think anything else besides like I would like to do that, but it was something that he was in my mind kind of like wanting to become a singer like Britney Spears basically dream. That was too far. Fetch to even like consider it so the years pass by and then I watch America's Next Top Model, which I believe the majority of models. If not all models have watch it by now and I just fell in love with the process of being a model in terms of the photo shoots because when I was watching this show, I like how Tyra Banks gave them this like clue about what the shoe was going to be, but they didn't exactly know. and then they got to said and they had the hair and the makeup and then they had to do with you know, the poses and you realize how hard it is to pose sometimes because you need a certain amount of confidence and you need to know your angles and the lighting and all that stuff that I obviously did not know and then you get to see at the end of the show the final product which is the final image of all that amount of work that just we just saw in the episode and That idea to me was so incredibly attractive. Like I wanted to be part of that and I did not think in my mind that that was something people even got paid for it to be honest. It's so funny because I remember watching the show for so many years and I remember when Tyra Banks always like announce the prices of the show. She will always say like, oh and the winner will get Get a contract with Ford models and I literally thought about for dicing the brand of the car. And I was just like well, that's so interesting that will maybe they'll get a car at the end of the show. Like whoever wins it. That's so cool. I had no clue who for models where and like it was an agency and like I had I had just no idea. So anyways, I thought it was really cool. But I'm living in El Salvador at this time, Mom is not really a big thing over there. I didn't knew anybody in the industry and for me. Me, I don't know if it's just the way I saw my country in the world at the time but I just felt that in my country. You cannot get anywhere if you don't know people and I didn't know people so it always felt like I couldn't do anything and then in my late teens, I believe I had just graduated was about to graduate high school when there was a couple girls that I knew that were modeling. So I try to reach out to them and they really didn't Me I didn't really get anywhere and honestly, I don't blame them. I really didn't actually try. I just kind of mention it and that was it. So I moved to the u.s. In 2011. And I remember that at the time I couldn't really work but I was just looking for things to do and I was always involved in fashion. Like I was already applying to colleges to study fashion merchandising that was like my major and I actually graduated with that major but the time I was just like stood in the fashion scene. I was not thinking about modeling but I was definitely interested in the fashion scene and like Runway shows and being you've been being involved in that and I went on Craigslist. I remember I want to Craigslist and I started to look up, you know, like jobs that I could do related to fashion, you know to kill some time to be involved before I started actually college and things like that. So I remember that I saw an open call for an agency. I had no idea how things were supposed to be. I just saw modeling like open call. Like if you want to be a model come through things like that and he was on Craigslist. I had no idea. So I told my dad and my dad honestly has been so supportive about literally anything that I wanted to do with my life. So instead of him being like, oh you can't do it or like why are you thinking about modeling like you're supposed to be thinking about colleges things like that? Like he was just like yeah cool. I'll take I'll take you so he took me and honestly like it was like a little sketchy because he was in this hotel and I believe in Virginia and I remember there were like people there and you had to like like there was this lady talking about how she was like building this agency. I honestly can't remember what she said but she introduced herself and she was talking about things that honestly like until now their truth which is like you have to build your portfolio. Polio and if you don't have one you have to pay for it, which is true. And then she talked about how you need to have a flexible schedule. You need to like be able to do a casting like any moment of your day or your week which is true and she talked about that you needed to have a car or a means of transportation which is true. I remember her talking about this and then I remember that each person that wanted to be with this agency. They had to like come up to her and like I don't know if to actually like walk I don't Remember actually like walking icing like Runway, but I remember just coming up to her and like she looking at you and then she was like okay next person and then you could leave and that was it. Honestly, it did not work out with his agency thankfully because to be honest from what I know now, it doesn't really seem like the best agency that I could have started with so, you know things happen for a reason anyway fast forward to a couple years later one or two years after this had happened. My one of my very good friends. His name is Nick. He he was taking a photography class at the time. And I remember we were at Chipotle and he asked me like hey, do you want to model for me? I have the school project and I was like immediately. Yes a hundred percent. I was so excited. I cannot remember how many days pass like, I cannot remember anything but saying yes, and then my next memory of that is being at the shoot. And when I was at the shoot my other really good friend. Her name is Victoria at the time. We were not really like friends friends, but I knew her she was there to shoot too and she had been modeling as a hobby for a while now, so I obviously had no idea what to do in front of the camera my friend Nick. He was just starting out with the whole photography situation. So he also had no idea how to direct me and how to help me pose. So this July It was a huge test for me and for him, I guess anyway, I my friend Victoria comes in and she starts posting and I'm like, ooh girl. You know what you're doing help me and then I say, I think we were in the bathroom changing or getting ready to leave and I asked her. How did she know how to pose or like, how was she modeling or like what was she doing? And I needed to know what was she doing it how? How she got there basically she was so nice. She told me about collaborating with photographers and she told me about this website. That's called Model Mayhem now, I do not recommend Model Mayhem. Let's just put it out in the clear in the open. But yeah, the time Instagram was not like a big thing yet. So she recommended me Model Mayhem. Oh, she told me like open up an account put your photos in there. And start reaching out to photographers and I remember really well. She told me don't ever do something that you're not comfortable with and you can always say no those had been like the best advices like I've could have ever gotten in my entire career because sometimes as a model you think that a photographer is really good and you want to have his or her work on your stuff and then this person is asking you to do. Do things that are out of your comfort zone? But because you feel this pressure that his or her work is like amazing. You cannot miss this opportunity and that you're going to put yourself out there in an uncomfortable situation. So the fact that she told me that like that was so so good because yeah, I did get messages from photographers that wanted to do stuff that I didn't want to do and I easily said like no like I'm not interested like, thank you. Well anyways for two and a half years. I just basically collaborated with photographers. I reach out to them on Model Mayhem. I started connecting with people then I open a Facebook that was for modeling. I remember when I opened my Facebook page I felt so so self-conscious about it. I felt that people were going to think that I was self-absorbed and I was narcissistic and why am I doing this like It was crazy that thought someone into my mind, but the reason why I want to open a Facebook was so I could reach out to other photographers and other makeup parties and wardrobe stylist and continue to do what I love to do, which was basically create amazing photos like the photos. I saw in America's Next Top Model. That's what I wanted. I did not think about money or getting signed to agencies. I honestly didn't have ID Yeah about agencies. Like I had no idea of like anything that this could become a career. I just thought it was something that I loved something that it was fun. Hobby something to do in my free time when I was not at school when I was not working at my other part-time job while I was not studying like there's just something that I just wanted you and something that I enjoyed and something that I could just do because I wanted to do basically moving on after two and a half years people kept telling me that I needed to sign twin agency. People kept encouraging me people kept telling me like I should go to New York and try agencies or I should try an agency in DC or in Virginia and I was just like, yeah, right like, I don't know like I'm not really interested. I really didn't think about it. To I believe I can remember who told me one day was like Andrea like seriously go try an agency. And finally I was like, you know what I'll give it a try. So I remember I went to me with my very first agency and I walked in and I got asked how tall are you and I was just like I'm five three and the person goes like oh you're too short like, I'm sorry. Thank you for coming and I was about to start crying right there and then but then I got myself together and I just ask the person I was just like could you please look at my portfolio before you let me go and the person was like okay fine and this person goes through my portfolio and completely changed your mind because I had something that Recently was worth looking at and I got time to my first agency and I think that was just like a great experience. This is just like towards the end of 2015 it took about maybe yes took about five months until I book my very first shoot through them and it wasn't even a big shoot. It was a shoot as an extra in a commercial and then later on. I started to book a few more jobs that paid a lot more and then I decided in the summer of 2016 to attend open calls in New York and give it a try because so many people have told me basically New York is the place for modeling. So I go super excited to New York. I had like nine agencies on my list and I go to each in one of them and basically nine out of ten told me that I was too short some of them. Shut me down right at the door all those kind of look my portfolio and then For me, I was too short others may be told me that I was beautiful and gorgeous and like to buy that I was too sure but at the end of the day too short was the think but I was just, you know a little sad but I did not think about quitting then in the spring of 2017. I was able to sign with any agency in DC and then in May of 2017 is when I graduated college and you know that time is when people people start asking you like what are you going to do with your future? What jobs have you applied to? Where are you going to go in life? Basically, and I kept thinking to myself that I don't want to quit modeling. I love modeling too much. I just don't like it crushed my soul and my heart thinking about the fact of me getting into a nine to five job and having to quit or put aside something that I've been building for so long and I liked and enjoy some Much so I decided to make modeling my full-time career in this moment. I had no idea what I was doing. What I was supposed to do how I was going to sign to more agencies. How is going to get paid jobs? How is going to make a salary? I had literally no idea but I started to, you know, go on my computer every day and try to look for information try to look for stuff. And it was frustrating because to be honest when you're trying to look for information on how to apply to agencies how to get sign how to get scouted all its stuff. Everything was telling me like, yeah, it doesn't matter what you look like. You can model unless you're short if you're short you can model. So I kept on thinking like okay, there has to be a way where I can get into these agencies and being 5-3. So I kept trying and trying and trying and finally in December of 2017. I signed to an agency in New York City and after that in 2018, I was able to sign to more agencies and I started to actually book more jobs and started to make a deal. Isn't amount of money as a model and you know things give happening and I even flew to LA to trade agencies. I had no lock but thanks for your still, you know rolling for me fast-forward war is now 2020 and I have achieved so many things that Andrea from 2013 didn't even cross her mind that she could even do I really love sharing my story because I'm able to show you guys that what I'm doing right now. Not happen overnight. I did not get Scout in the street and then everything took off. I am still a working progress and everything out of tube has been through a lot of hard work and patience. I still believe that I'm just getting started. Hope this story inspires you to not let rejection get to you and continue to fight for what you think is worth it. Remember to stand tall. Thank you so much for listening to the very first episode of the podcast make sure to subscribe because I have so much more helpful content coming your way.