Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I justFor like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting married in Greece this summer and I'm going he's going I'm so excited me so fun glass. But today we have a very special episode. So not only is Catherine our first guest we have an episode that we had talked about a while ago and we're going to talk about transitioning into company life from Student Life. Yes, it's a hard transition. I feel like no matter what your training has been you're never totally prepared for that jump from student to professional just because there's nothing like actually joining a company. Yeah for sure and it's kind of special for Whitney and I to talk about it because we met on our First day as professional dancers we did. Yeah, we started the same year at our company and so six years ago. Yeah, six years crazy six seasons with dance together. Yeah, but I think we sit at the same bar did. Yeah. I came I have a very distinct memory and there were a lot of new dancers that season. So the tension was kind of thick in the room. Everyone was nervous over this was toting a very humid in the room and when he was bubbly and so friendly and smiley and I was eating a quest bar which at the time this was six years ago. So that was like life. These were like like six years ago a Quest Bar was like, yeah equivalent of like know now what it like, what do we don't know that anything can replace the popularity of quest in 2014. Nothing to compare it to oh my God, but yeah, and she was like you eat quest bars. So do I and then suddenly French such a basic white girl. Yeah. It was terrified. I was saying you're so nice and we just became friends from their did she was so tan and pretty and I know you're wearing a white leotard. I remember I saw her and I was like, but she also looks like she's new because like you did it look like yeah, I didn't know what was going on. Yeah, you do look like confused. But you also didn't look like you had like the confidence to like walk around the room like this pretty much like five or seven of us like clustered in one ball, and there was anything about like nervous. We were so nervous. Of us and we were all pretty much still there besides like two of us. Yeah, and we walked in and I saw it was a bar spot housing. Steve she's like oh, yeah when I saw the quest bar and I just took my move I was like, this is my in I got a friendship and you have to tell the story about your what your mom said because I think it's so cute. You said by she picked you up and we like fine to me. Yes, so we my mom picked me up. My mom was in town to help me move in and just to like mentally coach me through my first day of professional work because I'm stressed and she was parked waiting to pick me up. She had taken my car and we were in the car and cat was like walking home. She used to live in an apartment complex near the studio our old studio and she goes she's like, oh like who is that and I waved to go by and having my back and go that's my new friend Catherine. I just think that's the cutest thing ever. What are you thinking? Her garden is totally what the first day feels like. It feels like you're starting school all over again. Oh for sure now, it's your career. It's scarier. So I remember walking in with my Mom dropped me off and like I thought my stomach was gonna like drop out of my body. I was like, I'm gonna throw up and I just remember I said to myself you just have to make it like few more steps and open the door and then you'll be okay because it's like kindergarten like the scariest part is just kind of getting in there. And then that's a lie. This get continues the scary parts continue, but that's yeah, I think though you're you're nervous at least for me and you can correct me if you feel differently, but I feel like you are so nervous because you care about it and it's like your life's work is kind of culminating on this day. but in reality the nerves there good you want that adrenaline and that excitement but also It's probably best just to go in and have an open mind and work hard but not let your nerves so it takes that for you. Yeah, it's like everybody's you can if you're a student and you're you know, starting a professional career soon. Just chill just relax on your first day and like take it all in and learn a lot. But try not to be try not to let your stomach fall out of your well my God, yes don't recommend that. I also it's like a first date I'd say like, you know, like you want to first date and you're really nervous because Just want to be yourself and you just want to like well when it's not a date unless you're going dancing. You just want to dance your best and feel like you're like, oh gosh, I'm sorry. I just had like a weird. I'm just gonna keep that in I just kind of convulsed. Um, she's feeling the nerves. I'm like, I'm a moment but it's like you just want to dance your best obviously because you're like you hired me like I better do my triple pirouette today like and then it's like a first date though. If you're not if you let the nerves get to you, then you're not going to really be yourself. That's why sometimes people say you have like a 3-day rule or you like give them three days to really be themselves. I feel like company you don't Has happened you don't want to be like I'll be myself in three days. Totally. Should we do some like do's and don'ts of being in a professional company? Yes. Good job. Kevin. Someone here is professional. She's gonna keep us on track. We're is I'm scared the have to keep checking the time that we've been recording and like approximately 3 minutes are Alexa's gonna go off because I have chocolate chip cookies ever. Yeah. We're eating cookies what we're doing? Yes. That's the only I think not yet, but we will be we will be I think also before we touch on the do's and don'ts like you said our first day it's important to know that I think people go into their first day of company life and expect it to be this like big magical things. Like I don't know I think growing up you watch like Center Stage which if you are listening to this, you probably know what you probably know what that is, maybe not. I don't know and called the AVC reference but it kind of glamorize it like I don't know at least I did this. I don't know if everybody does this but it's almost like Disneyland it. Like this mystical thing we're like, oh when I'm in a company, I'm gonna do this and I'm gonna do that and like the it's still so shiny and new and like I remember my first day like just seeing the schedule. That's the professional schedule and like we had like a costume fitting and I was like everything felt so I want to I don't want to say special because like I'm about to say did not I don't know to not like think of it this way because it's good to think it's special but everything kind of fell Untouchable and I think it's good to go in there and know that like if you do that, That you can kind of get your heart broken a little bit quicker because like it's not the same as student life and we're going to talk about that in a little bit. But like I think some people go into their first day and I like well, I'm gonna dance all of this and I'm going to do all of this and I'm gonna and I'm going to have this role or like and I have a very funny story which I could tell a little bit. Okay, I could tell it should I just tell it now? Yeah. Okay. Um, we did Giselle our first season and know this story. Everybody and their mom knows this story from the company. Well, we and I was so excited because I just wanted to be a Willie and I figured like it's hold on. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna pass. Okay, we're back. We're back. We had a quite a pause. Yes. The cookies were ready, but they weren't ready. But then we ate one semi raw and then waited for them to cool down now, they're done. Yeah, just to be clear the raw cookie dough was very good. I wasn't upset about it. Okay, we were saying how he want a dessert to taste cook pork or my just undercook it by like five minutes and then it's like 10K knows. That was may be funny or to us at the time. Like that's like that's like never mind anyway. So you're doing Giselle and I figured that it's hard for me to be like serious now because you're just like laughing really hard. Okay, get back into laughs. It's a funny story. So we're doing Giselle and I was like, very exciting because I figured family bottom of the totem pole 19. Like I could probably be a Willie like a probably be nothing else. But like I'll probably be this giant Corps de ballet apart that like what else would I be if I wasn't in it nothing, so I'm assuming that I'll get to do this and I remember I wore had a leotard that Like a Willy's leotard was grey and had like great tool on it. And I was like today's the day I'm gonna wear it made ballet dream was coming true and casting when all we had have to include this we had a costume fitting that week and this and I had my name on a bully's costume that I tried on in line and like every other girl so I figured it was safe to get excited. So then caching that's where she went wrong. That's that's no hopes. No tree expand so then I went up to the guest list and it said will he's Women and then in parentheses Whitney and I was like, that's not good. What does that mean? Did you think it was a solo? No because I knew better than that. I just was like confused. I was like, I didn't think like I was like well like I don't I don't know so I turn to should I say Sir Chloe Chloe? We love you. She used to dance with us and she is somewhere else like oh, I don't know if you listen to this, but if you are tell her to Echo, what is Aziz bead and Chloe. I'm sure did not mean this in any horrible way, but she turns to me and goes under study and like a very serious tone and I was surprised because all I wanted was to be a Willie and then for like we used to have these intense like three hour long rehearsals. Sometimes like multiple times a day. I feel like maybe like Willie workers on the morning William rehearsal the afternoon and I was the only person in the back of the room doing the Airbus chugs alone. It was like so sad, but also the neck Dress rehearsal on the stage where I had to go in room like it's a good. Yeah. That's a that's a good full circle. Yeah. I was a peasant in the First Act and I was the only person under study the Willies and then I was on the bench with a fellow company dancer named Anna. Hi Anna. I don't know if you're listening to this, but she was dancing and I think she Twisted her ankle and she kind of turned to me because we sat next to each other she was Do you know Willie's and I was like, yeah, she's like you're gonna have to go in so then we did like this very terrifying at the time but it was only a dress for so so I got to go do it. But yeah, that was just a heart crushing moment for me. I was like, oh this is not what it seems understood. But yeah, do's and don'ts well, I think that kind of leads into a good do and don't that has been sort of my Mantra my entire professional career. Yeah and do work hard. You want to go to work every day as if You're working for your dreams because you are yes, and you want to be a good team player, whether you're a willy understudy or the lead you want to make sure that you're being the best dancer that you can be. Yeah, but don't have any expectations. Yes, meaning don't work yourself up thinking like this Castle is going to come out and you're going to be this or you're going to be really upset exactly keep an open mind because you don't know let's say you get a part that you're not maybe super excited about you don't know. Know exactly what that part is going to feel like dancing. Yeah, you don't know maybe you'll find enjoyment through the music or the choreography or the people you're dancing with you keep an open mind and stay positive and don't like build up these expectations. It's easier to not be sad when you go to work because nobody wants to be feel disappointed all the time. So do you work hard don't have like crazy expectations. Yeah, and you won't get your You know heartbroken as Mantra is no hopes. No dreams. I think just the same. I think we're saying the same thing as like a joke. Well, I think you touched on a really great point, which is I think I did this a lot. We're like, I've always done this my whole life like I got my heart set in like I could probably get this part. Like I think this will go to someone around my ranking and then like I really want this part like, how fun would it be if I get this part and then like casting goes up and if I'm not that part then I immediately think that everything is horrible. I don't like oh my God, my spirit is Crushed hence, the Willies situation like verbatim. Yeah, and I think it's important to know that like I think going into professional life. You're not I mean, I can't speak for everybody because like I feel like sometimes I've seen dancers who like come in and do like sugar plum year one. Like I don't know but I think most of the time you're going to have to put in a bunch of work before you get totally what you want. And I think that the work is really important like gaining the respect of the faculty and of Your bosses and showing them that you're willing to put in the work is how you kind of earn your spot. At least. That's what that's what is kind of what I thought. Yeah, and your time is not being wasted by working hard. I mean you're improving and you're gaining knowledge, which is only going to make you a better dancer. So there you know, there's no reason not to work hard. Yeah, I think that could lead into a do of mine which is do understudy as many things as you possibly can like I my first year I understudied every single thing on the schedule because I was like not casted for a lot of things. Because like as a new trainee like, you know, like you're doing that was just a Rosy posy who jumped on her her cat tower. I could hear the bells in my head was and so I remember I would like what am I going to do? Am I gonna go to class and then some days just leave after class like no. I was like I thought I would go to every single thing that I could and I later was told like by the my bosses that like that helped them see that I could do other things, but then also my first year I realized as I went in as an understudy every single production and when we toured to Florida with like our sister company, I also went in so that was kind of insane because like you don't know right like there was a time where someone was injured it was are Chloe was sick. Chloe had food poisoning. I know and I walked into the theater. I remember house. It's our last Nutcracker show of the season and I finally feel comfy. Stage like I just gonna have fun today because I that's another topic to touch on but I remember being very nervous for our first round of shows and professional life and put a lot of pressure on myself because that's like it doesn't you can only do so much with the studio. But if you can't do it on the stage then like there's yeah, there's but I remember like I can be happy and then they were like, oh, did you get the voicemail like you have to go in for these parts and we were on stage and then our boss was like going to maybe take the dummy soloists out or just like let me do it and I raised my hand and I was like, I know it I I could do it. I love that. That's a good Whitney moment. I can do it now because like, all right. Yeah, let's see a girl. Yeah, and she did it and they did it but like I think that's a big do is just put in the time because it won't go unnoticed. I think that that was I got like I think I kind of was able to establish myself because I was so much younger. I feel like that especially when you're young like you don't really have the respect right away because you're like your kid like you kind of have to prove that you're an adult and you're going to show up. I would say don't. Disrespect people who have been there longer than you. That's a big one. I think that people sometimes go in and don't understand that there even if our company is not really ranked. But like it's just hang your tea. Yeah order regardless if your company is ranked or not and even within rankings, I would imagine that spacing already in the ring. So yeah president. So just be respectful especially if it's your first day. Oh my gosh be aware of asked to stand out of our spot. Don't just stand there. You don't have things like I think I think I have I think the I also mean by like show respect is like don't get I don't know just like show up and make sure that you let them go in front of you. And you asked if you can stand in a certain place if it's a bar spot or like if you're learning a role on a senior dancer is also learning a roll let them take more space and kind of keep to yourself a little bit because I think that's also another way to gain respect is to No respect because nobody's going to like the person who shows up on their first day and it's like where's my sugar plum to to I like walks to some your Center and we're like girl. Hey, you just got here you what I'm saying? Yeah, Kevin's looking at me. Like I'm like this then no laughing about something that I should not share. Oh, yes. Yeah. Okay. Yes, but I think that's a big one. I think that I was I I feel like a way that to like also make friends which is another this is another thing we talk about is to just make sure that you show that you're willing to work hard and be respectful because I think there are a lot of Egos and dance because the only way you're going to succeed is if you like believe in yourself because if you don't believe in yourself No One's Gonna believe in you like have to audition to be like higher Me love me. Yeah, but like you can't let that get you have to be respectful. You're sharing a workspace if potentially I mean however larger company is we have about 30 dancers. But yes, you want to believe in yourself, but you have to understand that there's also 29 other dancers. Yeah doing that for themselves in the same space exact so special. Yes, totally. Okay. I have a do an adult. Yes, like totally changing subject go for it. Okay. Yeah, so my do is Do bring lots of snacks? Yes, and don't be afraid if you have certain things you like eating like don't be afraid to work or to eat at work. Yes. I remember our first day. We were like nervous to take a lunch break because we didn't know if people were going to like watch what we ate. Yeah that which is ridiculous to think about now because I literally no one cares. No our boss brings us donuts and amazing like thank you. So you're working very hard. Also, you've gone to the point in your life where you probably know. You know what you need. To feel yourself for the day. So yeah, don't form any like weird habits because you're nervous to eat in front of your new co-workers because yeah for have a lot of work to do don't think eating is like a sign of weakness. Right? Exactly. I need the string cheese like yeah, your do was eat snacks and don't ya bring lots of snacks because I don't know for me. I don't want to eat like one giant meal in the middle of the day and then feel gross for my rehearsal right after that, but I do want to like Stay energized. So we usually pack I mean, I'm just being for Whitney night, but we usually packed lots of snacks and candy between rehearsals or we have a short break. We'll go get like a coffee or something. But actually when he doesn't drink coffee she drinks tea, I wish I wish I did I drink too much coffee. No, I we move Studio locations, but we had a Starbucks for like five and a half years right next to the studio and they all knew us and they were like, it's like we're leaving. This is our last time it was sad because all it is Like come in they knew our names. Yeah, amazing. I get egg white bites and I see those are so is that your favorite snack? I was in ask your favorite. Well, it's a good one favorite works now. Yeah hundred percent egg whites. I don't mean by mold for Christmas and I made them myself and they were so good. But that sounds like they Starbucks has these sous vide egg whites. For those of you who are not obsessed with them liking and their egg whites and roasted red pepper. They sound horrible, but they're really really good and they have like a very A significant amount of protein in them but they also don't weigh you down. Yeah, but also warm, I don't want to like I know you cat loves salad. She's like salad Queen. I also love salads but like some days when it's winter. I just can t lettuce. I'm like, I need like something that's hot. That's fair. That's fair. You know, I think favorite Works Mac that I don't make is egg whites. Yeah favorite work snack that's easy as a cliff bar because they always sit down P. We talked about this during Nutcracker. They sit comfy they give you energy. They're like satisfying had a cliff bar for breakfast. What's your favorite works man? I love protein bars and we are to talk about Quest and Cliff now. So I feel like a sponsorship is coming your way. No, I like protein bars. I like hard-boiled eggs. That's like Trail Mix A Lot Like portable fruit is nice. Yeah, not vinegar almonds are every holy. Yeah. Yeah. Those are good ones. That's a good transition. Whatever is going to You know sit well and give you energy give you energy not give you bad breath. Yes. Oh my gosh. Yeah and like something that I touched on in like my intro episode 2 about like body image issues. And and like I was at the time I talked about this before but like literally like I made the really socially inappropriate joke that I like food too much to be anorexic. I know that's not how it works. I know that's not how it works. But I like I would try to eat like as little as I could while still trying to be smart about it. And even that is just so dumb, like don't be afraid to bring what you need. And if you're hungry eat because your muscles can't recover unless they're getting nutrients. And then if your muscles can recover, then you're just going to your dancing's gonna suffer from it and you're just going to feel sad and like tired you will it is that is what you will feel like you feel like do we have any more do's and don'ts before we change topics you kind of touched on making friend. Yes. Everyone's company is different. We're really fortunate. Fortunate because all of the dancers in our company are really kind and supportive of one another I would hope that within any company. There's at least people who that you, you know will support you and nurture you kind of through some tough days but making friends is really important. You're going to spend so many hours at this job in that studio and you want to make sure you have a good support system for your your mental and emotional health. Yes, like I think a lot of the times We are put in positions that are like so absurd like will be in Nutcracker and will it'll be like a 13 hour of our 13 our day and we have to like put on pointe shoes and do something just because that's the way the schedule is like that's professional life. It's like do this full out even though you're exhausted and you did it six times yesterday. Yeah, and the only way to get through it is by like joking around with your friends in the dressing room and popping each other up and just kind of laughing through it together and if we didn't have each other then I don't know or if we were very competitive with each other like I Think that's such a toxic environment and like cat is pretty common though. I feel very common. We're very fortunate. Yeah, like I think we're at a big family and one of the things that I think we've all I love this. I hope we've all felt firsthand as like if someone gets to step into like a new role or like something that's bigger than they've normally done. I feel like everybody is like the cheerleader and is like you were so beautiful. Like how did it go? Like when you're in the dressing room for Nutcracker? Like when each person comes down the stairs from performing everyone, how'd it go? How'd it feel? Yeah, fine exactly what it sounds like I'm sure you were beautiful and someone else will try but I saw that you were totally on. Yeah, it's like, you know, it's like sign - yeah, which is really we're rooting for each other. Yeah, like we had a moment in Nutcracker where I get very stressed, but then I had like my three close friends like within each part that I was doing. It's like there's cat but there's Katie and then there's coconut. Yes. Yes blowing you kisses literally literally. Anything that's really special. I think if you're trying to make friends in the company don't be afraid to be yourself. We're all literally insane and that's why we're friends, right? Okay. I feel like if I was you tried to be something other than what we are it wouldn't work. Right and I'd say people might put up and I'm not saying I've experienced this but it's just like I would imagine people might put up a front because they're like nervous or they're competitive or they don't know if you're trying to genuinely be nice to them or if you're just Going to be catty because there's a lot of cattiness. Yeah, so just kind of be nice and be patient and try to find the people that make you feel good because they're there you just can't like if you're friends with someone and they like bring you down. Yeah, then just That's not healthy and environment where like mental health is not a stable all the time feel like most dancers bring themselves down and knock on their own. Yes your friends that lifts you up because you need to balance that out balance. Are you crazy? That's a great point. That's like our friend. Katie told me she's like I'm ever acting crazy. Just tell me that I need a cracker you tell me and I'll eat the cracker and I will understand you need that, you know to be like call you out here. Okay, but I think that's also really important. So the last thing that we had kind of talked about was staying positive and that also leads into positive positive point. So I think my positive Is a quote and it's a pretty simple quote and it is think positive be positive. Yes. I think positivity is really truly just a mindset and you could have the same scenario with you know, one person who is looking on the bright side and one person who is down in the dumps and they're going to feel completely different about that scenario. So full glass hat. Yeah, exactly. And of course you want to, you know, take care of yourself and make sure that you're not You know being naive. Yeah, and I eat that's a good word for it. But you also want to make sure that you're approaching things in a positive light and that's important enjoying your day to day and enjoying your art form. Yeah. I think I used to have a Blog. Yes, the blogging Valerie yes to see that no longer exists Rhonda podcast. Yeah, but um, I wrote something my first year. I remember I was having a hard time staying positive because I think in our art form, we look art or quote unquote happiness kind of depends on other people's decisions. And that's really tough. Like you're casting is not like the only thing you can control is how hard you work, but that doesn't always output the casting that you want and I think that because we spent so much time all day working on the same pieces over and over until they're performed. If you're not happy with what you're doing. It can lead you to a really negative place and its really Eez to be like I'm not happy like what is going on? And I remember my first season I bring you back to the blog post. I kind of wrote that I kind of had this kind of I don't wanna say Epiphany because it wasn't that big of like a an Awakening but I just kind of realized like if you find a little things to be happy about throughout your day, you can determine like you can choose your own happiness total like you might not be happy with what you're dancing, but you can be happy with the fact that you're going to go get a really good. Chocolate chip cookie later and see a movie with your friend and that's going to be fun or you're going to like use your favorite snacks that day. Yeah, whatever or you like use your favorite mug that morning or like you're going to watch your favorite movie later and choose to be happy about things that are not ballet because I think if you put I did this up until fairly recently my whole life revolved in the studio, and I had nothing else going on. No boyfriend. No pet no nothing and I would just Bank all of my happiness on what happened. And I kind of led to a breakdown Rosie is eating. My hand is speak about me adopting her where I was like, I need something outside of balance and I adopted my kitty Rosie and then I met my boyfriend and it was just kind of like wow. It's so much healthier to have a life. That's not there because if you're banking all your happiness in the studio, then most likely you're going to go to places that are not good for you. At least I did right or you're just putting too much weight in that one. Area you need you need balance in your life. So if you know, maybe you had a fight with your boyfriend. But while okay, I have friends and a job and a pet that I love or whatever it might be. And then maybe you didn't get the casting you wanted but you go home to your boyfriend and he supports you and loves you and you seen balance you need areas of, you know differences in your life to keep it all straight. Yeah, I'd say what is to just kind of wrap up? Yeah this topic. If you could tell yourself on the first day one thing, what would you say? And I can be like do this don't do this or don't worry about this. But if you go back to yourself on your first day of work, what would you what would you tell baby cat baby cat? I would like to think I did this but I probably could have done a little more. I think I would tell my baby self to just have fun and you know that time of my life there was so much happening that it feels like it just flashed by and everything was new and so it just like that whole year went so fast and I think I enjoyed it. But I also think that like Like just prospectively you just have to live in the moment and enjoy all the little pieces and yeah Live It Up. Can I spend many hours on the floor of her old apartment eating cookie dough ice cream and talking about our lives every Tuesday every Tuesday and every friendship Friday. Yes. I think you'd I could say that I think you did definitely have fun. But I do think I know what you mean by we put spool it's fair pressure where it put pressure we didn't need to be but at the time it felt like it needed to go. Oh And I think that led to good things but I also think you could always kind of take that's hard as he take the importance off because it's so important. Yeah, but I know what I'm watching like don't be so wired up. Yeah, I love that. That's good. Yay. Thanks for having me on your podcast. I had a blast Whitney is full of like so much bubbly happiness and good Insight. So keep listening for more life. Everything has kind. Thank you so much for being my friend. I need a cookie. I would love to eat it. All right, and thank you so much for listening. This is talking points podcast, and we'll see you next week. Have a wonderful day. Bye. Bye. Yes.