Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew there was a trade-off. And here's where the problem was. The additional practice for the Jazz Band would prevent me from keeping my after school paper route. A paper route I had since I was about 10, it was really my first steady job and I enjoyed the money. I was having a tough time making a decision when my father suggested I use the Benjamin Franklin technique. My dad explained that when Benjamin Franklin had a tough decision he take a sheet of paper draw a line down the middle and down one side right out all the reasons why in my case why to accept the offer to join the Jazz Band? And down the other side why not for me? Why not to join the Jazz Band? It's a great technique. I still occasionally to this day use it and often recommend it. one of the things with this technique Is you sit down and take five minutes to do it? You can't spend hours or days making this list. If you do what you'll discover is the list will continue to grow and you won't be able to make up your mind. If you're spending a great deal of time thinking about the negative reasons, of course more negative reasons will pop into your head. And isn't this true of life? This goes back to the very core of our teaching what we focus on expands. If you're starting your day bummed out about going to a job, you don't like and then arriving at work even more agitated and then dealing with people throughout the day with this negativity later coming home and complaining to your husband wife or partner about how crappy your day was and how you can't stand it there. I hope you can see how the negative things in your life continue to pile up. the negative side of your Benjamin Franklin list It's quite easy for this negativity to grow. You know, you're very attitude will cause people in your household people on the road as you drive people at work and your spouse to mirror back to you your own negativity there by stacking on. I've had people tell me things just seemed to get worse and worse. Really. I wonder why what we focus on expands. So in your life this very day, are you focused on negativity and what may be wrong in your life? Lack of finances your weight your relationship, maybe health issues or your crappy job. This very moment you can decide to start adding to the other side of the list. Focusing on what it is you do want. Focusing on the good that is happening in your life. You know focus on one good thing. Keep your attention there and the Goodwill start to multiply. In a similar vein, I tell entrepreneurs that I work with focus on and do what you're good at. Don't spend hours doing or learning or improving what you're bad at give 10 times the energy to what you're really good at and your good will rapidly increase and then pay to have the other things done. Oh, and finally, I did negotiate an arrangement with my band instructor to play in the jazz band and keep my paper route. Turns out there is out was more than one way or another to do things. Be creative in life. What is the possibility you may not have been offered? Thank you for listening. And please do me a favor wherever you're listening, whatever platform you listen to this podcast on if you could give us a thumbs up or leave a positive review, I'd be forever grateful have an amazing day.