Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look.Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of enrollment to achieve the qualification. So what might this mean for you? The official are ICS response relating to the 6-year rule states that there is a six-year qualification window in the are ICS regulations and bylaws, which were terms agreed at enrollment individuals may not have been aware of this ruling in the past. However, the racs would like to assist in gaining the qualification. Therefore are offering a 12-month extension to submit. Please see below three options to consider one. Except the offered 12-month extension to sit your final assessment. Therefore. You will need to come forward for final interview in either Session 1 or 2 2020. You may be eligible to swap your route to membership to gain the MRI CS qualification depending on your qualifications and experience. This may change the structure of your interview and thirdly switch your route to membership to assoc Rick's either via direct entry subject to membership of another professional. Body or via associate assessment which doesn't include final assessment interview if candidate switch to a sock or prelim review or other routes to membership. They would still need to come forward by the date given 31st of December 2020 and lesson extension has been granted. Well our ICS consider therefore circumstances on a case-by-case basis the easy answer to this is yes, if you're facing difficulties as a result of the six. Room you'll need to email our ice. Yes outlining the circumstances which had prevented you from coming forward head to our blog to find out the email address. And what else can you do make sure that you speak to us property Elite. We're here to advise you on which option is likely to be the best for you and to provide the comprehensive support. You may need to prepare your documents in sit your interview in the required time scales for example are mentally mentoring package provides. A bespoke support program leading you to a PC success. That's it for this week head to our website to find out more by reading our blog or watching our short CPD summary videos on YouTube. You can also access our free and paid support resources including ebook guides revision quizzes submission review a PC question pack a mock interview and various discounted support packages. We also provide free 15 minute consultation. Doll review of your referral report if you've been referred. So just sign up using the link on our website. You can also use the chat function on the website for any burning questions. So