I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for he's a love of everything freeform and obviously gives us the lgbtq+. Thoughts and actions for doesn't go that but Mr. Bryan Santos to my God, I think you're looking for a perspective from devil or yeah, I got you girl. And he's always good at one line is the queen ha ha ha love you. We love it. We wrap it. So we're gonna get into this episode. There are so many things up so that to love hey have feelings about but we will talk about the Trap Hills of in because there was a big part of this episode and Lauren told me. Actually relevant so I looked it up. So what is about on the website? It says at the junction of community engagement artistic activism and cultural leadership. Trap Hills is a collective a collective of artists and strategist who handle liver initiatives and activations dedicated to for philanthropic equity and just watching what they did. I would love they come back to LA to go to that one of those events. I think it was completely amazing emotional. Like I was some of us was tearing up watching like certain things because it was so like pow. Powerful, it's uncommon to find spaces like that that celebrate culture and I just really enjoyed seeing how you know Unapologetic. They were we'd like just showing you know who they are and just like talking about things that have gone on in the black community like saying the names of people who have been killed by police brutality. Was that what that was about and yeah wasn't quite okay exactly. So actually I was on the set for this episode and it took them four days to shoot that like it was even though it was a big part of She'll like you know, it took four days 16 hour days. So it was long and tiring but it was just so beautiful to see it all and just like the amount of care they put into setting up everything and then Damon who was the CEO of trap Hills. He actually spoke to us when I tell you all this man was like one of the nicest men he came by shook every single person's hand on set and thank them for being there and if you saw when they were actually shouting out the names. Those were actually real family members from some of the people who you know were affected by the deaths of police brutality. So, you know, some of those were actually real family members that they brought onto the set for that specific scene. So it was a very emotional and heartfelt set to be a part of it was just it was amazing, hopefully because it seems like he wants me it was a virus here. obviously everything they have from the acupuncture the rate the rekey like it seemed like it was such a warming amazing feel especially when you're in that room and you just heard I was coming Damon's been telling you every single I think of what tried pills are supposed to be what this is supposed to be about what you're here for being a part of it and then well then the funny part was that after that part you had Kelly and Kelly is are like she is she's not even just a looky-loo. She just comes and comes out. You never know. What you gonna pop up that you love it because somehow she brings so much comedy to a scene. You weren't expecting comic relief. That's I know. She was literally in the middle of the dance floor like this. And yeah, it's looking at her like, okay, but like she knew before she loves trap music. I mean I can respect it for the Thought I'd be like girl. I mean she's just acting purposes. I'm not real life, but I've questions of that it was time person who actually would go to an event like that who is like Kelly's personality in the show sure because you never know who you might meet a trap. He was afraid because everybody's walk everybody walk away walks of life is different. Nobody walks the same model the conversation that davia and Dennis had about white people feeling uncomfortable in Black spaces. That's just something that you never see being, you know explore don't worry. Yeah, just so happy that this show is like so Go balls to the wall and I talking about these things that were so scared to talk about. Yeah, I loved it. Yeah, the way that she explained it terminals like you should really read right people. I'm gonna go read it honey. I love your ex-wife. We have one of those voices like when we talk to people who are not of our color becomes are very proverb space. Yes. I'm sure if you guys noticed it's pretty cool like the attention to detail they have but of course, you know, like folding your arms is like really uncomfortable. So like if you notice that like when they were starting to get like really like into the Trap music and everything Davi started folding her arms. Yeah. So I wasn't really noticed I was like oh, so they're trying to say that she's no matter how well she's trying to say. She is she still uncomfortable inside for sure. I really I didn't know that to re-watch that. I think she might have just been tired because they were there they were like all into it. But I'm telling you after like the eighth take everyone's ready to you know, the girl who came in. I was like Kelly Kelly and Kelly came in like she saw that Kelly was We're a little bit more work than her and then she was like, oh are you gonna goes? Well, I think she was just Kelly was comfortable. Yeah way but being in that space and she was like, why am I not like exactly like she put in so much work to be like that and then just like you're forcing work that shit will come naturally don't have to force the comfortability on yourself. If you're not going to feel cold Embrace that part because eventually you'll get to the place where it's just like, oh, this is just Hey, how you doing? What piece Damon piece Kelly? Yeah, I'm ready to pass something. I'm sure all of you can attest to like at some point you may have been the only person of color in the room. Yeah, or for the ladies. We may have been the only woman in the room at you know, you know being people of color we can easily say we have been in all white space before or in all whatever space that's other than what we are exactly and a lot of them this space. Nobody asked why anybody that not even Why you're here or as anybody of color to explain to them? It was just an experience like you the only way I can experience this to show you show. Yeah, and be a part of it. This is not something I can tell you and maybe you'll get intellectually and maybe mentally but you to see it to believe and being in a space and actually feeling and violent everybody's how you want to actually learn from something. Sure. Yeah. I think we saw that with Dennis, you know, actually getting into the photos and the art and then the lady pulled him aside and like, you know, what come over here and join us. It was just such a sweet scene. It would seem such an emotional episode to be honest. Like I was about to cry so many times. Yeah, I mean but we have also so many different situations happening within trap heals itself. We have Isaac shows up for Malika and I've been he's in his own feelings of his anxiety right. Now. What I loved about that so much was like I don't have for you my dad and my brother I need to and it's not me right now. Like I can I can respect where you are and I will still be here. I would so love you no matter what and if you need to take a timeout, please do You have but I am but I'm gonna enjoy I'm gonna enjoy myself and I respect them so much work. She's like, I'm not disregarding your feelings or what you're feeling or everybody else is dealing with in their lives. I'm not but right now it's about me how could she come so far? Like I like, you know what? I thought it's kind of interesting how that you know, this entire season. We never knew anything about his anxiety and now these last three episodes, I feel like they're slightly try. And of like forces on force it on us out of nowhere just because oh fuck and you know, I love the writing. I didn't want to say anything but we just got to be honest were fans of the show, but at the same time it's just like, you know, she's saying I love you, but you need to take care of yourself. He was you know what? I mean? It just looks like he's perfectly fine. And I don't know what it was. He was like, oh, you know what like I can't hang out with you. Yeah. It was just it was like for every scene it was like he's anxiety and I was like, yes, I think so cute. I think part of that for me. Was more for maybe the whole time we've seen Isaac he's always been so put together so for like the fuck the first time he's actually told somebody else about it. I think he's actually a live more comfortably like they're actually some days where I need to be by myself. Like I think I think that's why it seems so so Forest is because oh I finally told somebody and I can just kind of say everything that's on my mind just went about how I'm feeling. We'll see what I can do that with other people even said to Malika like, I don't want you to start treating me different and assuming that everything has to do with Things it and that's kind of what she's doing to him if you look at it, but I just feel like if they were going to introduce that anxiety to us. It should have been slowly done over the course of the Season not just the last three episodes. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, but I took a second to say hi to our friends and it like Chad gonna give some people a shout-out fly chick 86. Thank you for being here before we were here. Thank you for supporting us and Danielle Simpson. She said she's so happy to be here with us life. She misses us. And also, let's see not Rosen is already trying to dive into the whole Callie Mass. So we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna get Kelly is the Mohawk black-haired girl, but she's like she is a like a legit want to give her an award sometimes like for how she'd come in still seen in the she oh, yeah, you don't see her for a while which comes at you just like where you been I missed you. She is the definition of no role is too small. Yeah, like you said she comes in the scenes about her and then she dips. Yeah, she might have two lines, but she she's always shaking things up. You know, everyone is so comfortable and she comes and didn't like shakes the younger like, oh, you know David doubting herself after she was so confident. Yeah. I love it. All I get into I was on call him James Mallory. So who gets it Dom's in his dad's character real quick and only because finally we get to see them hash it out and have a moment because for a lot of the time Donovan angry at his dad. I mean it's fair but I also feel like you're putting two people anger on one person. Like I was just think that he's a little bit mad at his mom, but he doesn't matter as mom so he's putting on the one person who's never there or right versus the to he's just put the blame evenly and but obviously you can you want to grieve into so it's like a whole thing he's doing. Yeah, but obviously they had a great moment of a memory they had when he was a kid of a Mustang which was a flying nice little card a little my love. It was like, okay, I like and respect. Picked it and they seem at least taking a baby stuff. Like that's all you need it like that's all we're free. Let's take baby steps. We asking you to like, you know, come stay in my sleep on my couch. Maybe if I'm drunk. I'll just come stay at yours. Stick a baby stuff. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay now yes, I agree. He is putting all his anger on his father, but you know, his mother is dead. So he can't really be too mad at her. Um, you can but I mean, I mean little it's not and I feel like that Actually make him feel worse. Like you said and I just feel like I even said it while we're watching a he's so hard on his father like yes, he wasn't there for 10 years. I get it. I'm not making any excuses, but it's like this man is trying he's trying to come back and yes, he can never replace those years, but you don't always have to just be like you want shit get away from me. You know, it's just like chill out see what he has to say, but I'm so glad that he came around and I'm glad we got to see that softer bond between them because I was just like Finally, we got the little tears in his eyes. I was like thank you. This is this is the scene I was waiting for and they all needed to with Malika. Yes. I'm about what she's going to do rights. They're gonna need each other they're going to because it's going to be it's not gonna be a cakewalk whatsoever. It's going to be hard and she's going to need every single last one of them to get through it. Yeah. I hate that. She liked I think about that that was so shady and I already think she's loved her so much longer. I'll have everything she's dumb for not taking the deal, especially when they lightened it up though. Such a continue doing activism and she's like not you know, I'm going for it sister. Okay, have fun in jail. Well, she's angry. No, once they told her that they could even get through that part of the deal because Dad and Isaac and Isaac. I'm not a Dom. Yeah, that's why arguing that was like she'd even get a chance to want to take the deal because I got two people arguing and I'm trying to hear my own thoughts. Yeah. Yes, but at the same time, you know, the father did leave and they continue the conversation. So I agree with you. This should have been a done deal. All this should have been done two weeks ago. You should have took the deal. You could still do your activism work. I don't know if she could do it in LA county, but she could do it in a different County at least help on the back end where no one can see her and said she might end up in jail. How are you gonna help anyone? Yes, Callie and Malika are to firecrackers and sometimes they throw the firecrackers at their own self. Yes. Sad to see two different size of one same Ally because Callie has now learned that Jamie. Well, the sector of only International that he works for is a non non for profit prison, but let's be real all prisons are for profit. Just like the hotel business you have to have an actual level occupancy to still get government funding regardless. This is the I brought this up a while ago when it was me you and Dakota. I do not understand how you enter into a relationship move in with someone and not discuss just the basics of your job. Job, how are you living with this man? And I you know, I almost now I'm guessing year long relationship and you did not know what he actually did for his firm. This is a new client, right? Because as a lawyer depending on his own Indie a contract he has with that client. He is not lost. It's not like he's broadcasting it. He's telling his partner. Prove she cannot be trusted but at the end of the day, I am as long as I'm aware, and I know you your morals and your political views in your values are completely different from mine. I'm not going to continue a relationship with you and she kept getting deeper and deeper when she should have been asking what are you really doing? And then he did a lot of her like she did have a fair point when I asked you you didn't tell me the truth. So yeah, I had to do a little sneak in to figure out some truth that does not justify anything whatsoever. That is a violation. I appreciate her nothing either. Because it's Jamie did that to her we would not hear the end of it. We would literally facts but I'm snooping but I won't get caught. That's a different. Like I agree with you on the fact that these two people while they look beautiful together our door with all the surface. I can see why you're together, but when it comes to all the more personal stuff values views on life, you guys don't mention all your views are not the same Jamie Callie's not black-and-white. She can get gray. Jamie is a very this is what it is. And this is what it is it I am like I'm not gonna get technical about it with you and that's how he that's how he sees everything. I don't think it's impossible for people with different beliefs. We like different belief systems to you know, get together in a relationship. It's very possible. But I feel like each person has to they have to just like Jamie said they have to agree to disagree about certain things. Yeah, and I just think Callie's just someone who's always looking for problems in her relationships with the guy yells. Just like oh you're forcing me to not like your distraction to me like you came to him. Like he's always finding excuses to you know, write everything in her life know that from the fuck out there. Be the fighter in everything, you know, you can sometimes just take a step back, you know realize that you can't change everything in this world. I appreciate her for trying I really do but like this is a huge job to get fired from what you know, Callie did by telling Malika's people like you don't even lose his career, which is very serious. That is true. And and how are you It wasn't enough though. Like we always say like love should be enough is sometimes it just me. I mean is a very high on the list of things but it just ain't let's be really clear about this love is great and Grand. Yeah, but what about companionship communication? Yeah friendship trust long before it like between love and everything else. I'm just like when love is like at its worst. I'm a neat friendship companionship loyalty friendship. I don't need a whole bunch of big green creature. Communication I'm just gonna need some of them where you need to be and obviously when Mariana said hey, like what like what is it worth it to like ruin this relationship. You've had she's like I mean love is it should be high on the list, but I know what she's gonna like. It ain't though right for you. She was like, well he got love and he got money and she's not gonna give him Louboutin and Louis Vuitton. So, that's Holly You going to do for you now? Well, this is what I think I did hurry up. But um, I really truly this this kind of proves to me. At least. I don't know about everyone else to me this kind of shows that Callie may have loved him, but she's not in love with him. Yeah. She's not in love with him because if you really cared about someone they should have sat down and talked like mature adults and maybe the fact that she went behind her man's back and was like, have you heard of on way International and can they do this? How like, oh my God finally if my partner's sabotage me like that. I would be heartbroken and I'll be like you never really cared about me like that not Rosen in the chat says, yeah, they fight too much. So they're in agreement with us. I mean, hey afterbuzzers before we move on we would like to say thanks to our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Plus there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit Your podcast right from your phone or computer also anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to get started. I've never been team Jamie. I'm just let's be real quiet courage. They are soaked. I'm Jamie. Like I was a I was team Jamie on Callie, but now I'm just seeing Jamie because Khalid like you said ruined everything in her life, and now she got no money nowhere to sleep sleeping on the couch Paulino job coming up soon and My hair I will be okay. Okay. Well, you just gotta this destroy some things in life to get to the destroy. Not just let go like oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. This one is about Callie. We can move on Kathy. They y'all saw Marianas room. Her room is huge. Not sure they could have just let hug get a blow-up mattress. My sister could sleep in the bed with me at the end of the day and they're best friends. Her confession and put it up. She knew it someone she she figured it. Like somebody was one of these around and the fact that you need a ride from a Dobby. That was yeah. I'm the queen of sleepy. Yeah, give yourself to be seen but real quick and with Callie with the fact that you know, she went on the roof and I was just like, okay so because Ryan is like right across hurry and I'm like, I am gonna come out that yeah because I was gonna have the same conversation I had with she first moved in I thought was like maybe his olive branch of like, I'm sorry. I was kind of very rude to you and I kind of told You get the hell out. Now she back from this figure it out kind of situation. Don't nobody apologize. But I kind of took it that way. That's what I said toast like, okay Gaia really never apologized to Cali for the way. He spoke to her. Yeah and all she was trying to do I keep doing quotation marks trying to do was really help him because she didn't know Jamie was gonna purchase the piece. So after he cussed her out and said never talk to me again. I was just like oh so now you're gonna act like nothing happened. Hey, you just moved in I would like boy. Well, I think she was just so taken back because he came out of the water dripping wet and I was six times anyone he was doing I just want someone new for Callie. I think she should stop going back and forth of these guys like we've been here before. Why are we know I like Malika? No. Go through this real quick and then we can talk about it. Obviously Alice of Lizzie with Alice and basically said, you know, you're not ready yet. You're new and that she talks to Ruby and like all with acupuncture needles in her head because the house is so doable wherever she is. And Ruby convinces her that maybe they are threatened by her which we've been saying since the first time we met Lindsay and then out actually confront something about it because why first of all, why are you telling me the job so I could use about the country and you're done using girl you don't live here. I don't care if you have a girlfriend begone and Lindsay is Loki stealing the jokes from Alice because I could have sworn Alice use the same joke just switch the purely the same joke, so I I'm glad she called her out, but she I even thought I would have said you're stealing my jokes. Yeah, this is like you kiss that's what she took away from the conversation and you're sitting here laughing like but what she said was that funny it was it really wasn't like went like I like I like Lindsay, but don't you know, bring somebody else down there still there material because you don't have none of your own. It's like you're telling her to get into material finds new material. Yeah. She's really sorry. Lindsay is very Add manipulating for sure. The reason they gave about Alice not going into the competition that like oh Alice might like the people might see that Alice is in her best and they're expecting her to be exactly at some point. I'll second that might be a good you know reason for her not to go and then I was like nah, she's just so good. I mean Lindsay's just so good at manipulating. And yeah. Yeah, it's sad. It's sad. I mean was also sad right now is the fact that Isabella gave I'm Raj the cold shoulder which is very like what is this? Like if I was Mariano and paid a little more attention for situation like that because I'm just like, why are you ignoring my man? I have you no questions, but obviously Mariana later goes to Raja said, hey, I did like she confesses finally I had feelings for Evan, but I don't want those feelings because I'm in love with you and Raj dummy. You just don't you just dump he's just like I think I mean I felt the same way for someone to but I don't think I want to I don't want to feel these feelings for that person. How did you know I got so I'm very glad that they were both honest with each other. But I feel like Mariana handed handled it way better by saying I don't want them. I want to be with you. Meanwhile Raj is I was like it if you lied about it and then I went out back there's a different from being honest and like basically saying why don't I kind of want to leave you. Yeah, if you really if you are committed to those feelings for Isabella and you want to leave me then say that say look my feelings for her stronger. I want to don't say well, I don't really know because now I would be sitting here the whole time thinking well at any moment. Are you gonna break up with me you're gonna you know, I wish I had expected more that conversation and then Mariana confronts Isabel in Illinois. Isabella throws everything Mariana has told her against her again. I'm like see don't trust new people like that. I don't care if I do have been with you. I don't know you and you look crazy as hell sometimes. Okay, so, okay and we said I'm saying crazy, but I would just think maybe she also could be dealing with our own mental health issue. We don't know about huh? Because we were watching it. I looked at Dennis and I was just like maybe bipolar disorder. Yeah most because of what she snapped real quick and just do broke the mirror. Mmm, and then she's quick to just like kind of like rebounds himself and that's the truth the word. The language kind of rebalances herself to be like, yeah calm and like changes the personality. I'm okay now. Yeah. She's like like Stepford Wife, but like in the stuff a wife was just come down to be evil. Right? Mmm. I think Lindsay and Isabella should get together because they were actually they're both problematic and we should just have the problematic people together and out of the Coterie Mariana suggest that you know isabelly get the hell out of my you know on MySpace you're out. I don't want you here, but she signed the lease because Mariano was dumped on Valentine's Day, so we should Re-sign at least me some less obviously Isabella least voluntarily Callie's on the couch on the couch or in the pool with guy Al aren't in the bed with Gaia true analysis because it was well as signed the lease that technically there's nothing she can do and davia tells Mariana about the confession that she read at tried pills. So Mariana goes to work right away from life and Evancho's up. It sounds on top and it's just some bound Chicka Wow Wow picon in her do they always have to just like any other place you could go you already know there's cameras in there. You know, there's no looking more like look you could have easily texted him and said meet me outside me anywhere and just you know, but now it's just like looking coli. Can you meet me at the coffee shop around the corner? And then after the coffee shop we go somewhere else. There's something about the risk of getting caught. Yeah, you love me on the computers and told her of Isabel's know. We technically don't know if it was true not we assume that it was a line that should we assume that Isabella knew somebody maybe from the coloring would find it and then I'll see tell Mariana because she wants to break up. She does the Raj and Mariana. However at this point Raj Mariana are not broken up, So the her sleeping with Evan is a choice. Mmm. And that's for me when it becomes a different situation. You're actually in it. She was using so good. You could have broke up with your man and then chose to see what that I've been told. It's all the situation. Yeah, let's do it. However, I mean it's what that was trap Hills. There's some healings that need to be done with these characters and gives you some quick. Have you been good or troubling guys? Just remember so technically I know how we end every season with me revealing our top five winners, but I have a very special surprise. So we're going to do a reunions show next Wednesday at the same time a p.m. Was not one. Not two guys. We have three guests from the cast coming so excited and they all will you know reveal who win so I still have five people get away in the u.s. Leave a comment on YouTube with five stars your Instagram so I can reach you after or leave a comment below in our iTunes. Give us 5 Stars. Tell us what you love about show who's your favorite character? I always love hearing about your comment. Because you guys are so awesome. So since have you been into troubles gonna be really quick because obviously we don't know if Isabella's note was real or fake and Marie on Mariana did have sex with Evan. It seems like they didn't give them that Team Green was in the background. Well, that'd be good of trouble if Mariana finds out that what Isabella wrote was a lie. So I want to count 3 1 2 3 is it good? I think it's time for Mariana and Rashi just break up. Sure. I agree. Yeah, I agree. I want to agree because I actually want that but the only reason I think it's trouble is because it's gonna send my own down the spiral because now she knows that she messed up for no reason. Yeah, that's what I mean. She's good. She's gonna have to learn her lesson the hard way, right? I mean that's what you get for doing the computer and I'm saying something because obviously like she was so big on nasty with the boss and not like having that being weighed down on her. So now that she has slept with Evan and she either going to still feel the same way or is she gonna have to leave speculating find another job to maybe keep her relationship with Devin okay like that maybe Roger she does. So guys we get to some quick predictions because he's in Three is coming this summer. Yeah, it's TV prediction Janice real quick. I think Mariana is just she doesn't she's not in love with her boss. She's just in love with the idea of him. She doesn't really know him outside of you know the work area and I think she's just excited about the potential of having this relationship with her boss and she's gonna regret it. Hard I don't see them in a relationship at all. Okay. Okay, I will say Callie. I'm think that Callie and Gail are going to end up messing with each other. I don't think they're actually gonna end up in a relationship and I think Jamie's gonna try and come back and that's gonna be trouble. What I like is I think they're doing this whole like full circle thing, which they kind of touched on with like Howie and I L, but what I think is going to happen now, is that the person who's gonna get a love triangle is Mallika with Zion and I meant okay see that I can definitely see that. Well of you choose that what I'm say Davi and Dennis, like now that didn't confess his feelings and they're making out I'm really hoping this actually like not just healing for dinners, but also for going to be actually going to really great relationship. He deserves it. Hmm like he deserves to now be on the other side of his pain and actually have a good thing come out of it. Just like one happy relationship on the shrine. Or I am ready. You can see that it is worth country. I'm here for the summer 2020. So guys, thank you so much for joining us on the good trouble after show Janet you want to tell people where they can find you on? All social I am an Instagram add me I'm Janice at sorry that now I'm Jenna and Y MJ and I see I've been sending too many emails. You can find me on Instagram at Lauren the truth. You can find me. On Instagram Twitter Youtube and Tick Tock at the Ryan Santos and also on the Empire and Katie Keen after show you guys can find me at real estate Jones on Twitter and Instagram and just so you know, Daily News weekly has moved to the AfterBuzz TV channel and remember come back for the good shovel reunions after show. Yeah. Hi guys would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first we're the biggest in the world and would The destination for all your favorite TV shows, whatever your grave we've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com and check out our lineup buzz you later. Hmm. The views expressed herein are those of the host only and do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners of principle. The views expressed herein are those of the host only and do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners of principle.