Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really really just hopeful everybody's doing super well and let's just really get right into this conversation with Sam. I'm going to let him introduce himself and then I will take it away. Same once you tell the Vayner Nation who you are what you're about and then we'll go into it. Yeah, I'm sampar. I own this company called The Hustle. So we start out with conferences and things like that and I could talk about that. But yeah, we had this conference called hustle con after I sold one company. I saw this thing called hustle con. It's basically like a TED Talk for entrepreneurs, but I made it popular by creating an email newsletter. And then I was like this email newsletter thing is awesome. So kind of parlayed it into the hustle. And so now we're a daily email with about one and a half million daily readers. And bootstrapped a media company each morning. We give like I said about a million have people all the business news and information they need to know and then we've parlayed that into a bunch of other things like a paid subscription called Trends podcast and a bunch of other things like that. So, how about as a kid like where you entrepreneurial? Yeah, so I grew up in Missouri and then I went to college in Tennessee. And when I was in Tennessee, I owned a chain of hot dogs dance called Southern Sam's wieners as big as a baby's arm. Man, and like how old were you I started when I was like 20, but before that I was selling stuff on eBay, but like that was my first legal business. I got business license and pay taxes and things like that. Have you seen a TV show called American Pickers? Yes. So Mike the main guy too. Skinny guy. I met him on the street because I was a big fan and I asked him to work at his company are at his store. He was opening a store where they sell like all the old shit and I worked there and it was great but there was always a line of like a thousand people and I was like, I'm gonna go open up a hot dog stand so hot dogs these people and that's what happened because the show is so famous that P. Yeah, when I worked there in 2011 or no, sorry two thousand eight or nine or something like that. We were number two on cable behind Pawn Stars and all these people from around the world would come and get in this line. Where was that? It was in Nashville and it but is he like he's into old stuff, right? So he got this old building that was away from everything and there's no restaurants and I was like, huh? These cat is I'm from the south so I can say this but they're kind of red. Who would come and wait in line and I was like these fuckers want some hot dogs have water. That's all they want. And I opened up this hot dog stand and that was like my first muscle. Yeah, first bit the fish made money and I pay taxes and got licenses and how did that go? How long do you do it for a few years? I mean you'd make a great a day on a good day. Yeah. It was awesome. And then I started a website that made a little bit of money, but I was like, oh the internet's the way to go and so I left school and moved out to Silicon Valley, San Francisco. And originally had job offers that are being be but at the time it's called air bed and breakfast but I was like, you know screw this let's try to start something. So I started a roommate matching up that had a small exit and then kind of parlayed that into the hustle and what I'm doing now, and what was that company called and who did sell to it was called bunk originally bunk SF it was so what we would do is it was kind of funny. We would cold email all these landlords and apartments have who had two three four five bedroom apartments and then we would host parties so Who had similar wants and needs for living situation could all meet one another and we would help them move into these buildings and we would take a small cut of like a placement fee. And so it was a small exit like hundreds of thousands of dollars to apartment list. So apartments.com. And did you have to work in that company or no? Yeah, and I quit on the first day date you could fix whatever was yeah like that last day. How was that how you know as somebody who's now, it sounds like your whole career has been for yourself. How was that year working? So it was good. Like I still don't know shit like Like I had to read books on like how to run a meeting. So I felt like I moved to San Francisco from Tennessee and I'm gripping Missouri. I always felt really uncomfortable and out of place there. But I love it now. I didn't know anything like I would say things that were inappropriate I would wear stuff I wasn't supposed to wear I just felt horrible. So it was good to see like what an actual business is run like but I was also young I was 22 and I was partying and I didn't take it as seriously as I should have and I regret that big time, but it was great to see what was the biggest tape. What would you argue the one or two? Three biggest takeaways were from that year, even though your party line up like, okay. So you guys have a great setup here. Okay, you started in like a small room. I imagine it's shitty office. That's right. And so just seeing like wait, I could take all these little silly things like a hot dog stand or whatever and like properly build it out with nice offices after you get revenue and like like I need you in order to get huge as big as my ambitions where you really need to properly approach things and be able to like have a proper levels as opposed to to have you started the challenge proper. So like for example, what was funny running through my mind and when you just said, you know, I read books on how to run a meeting properly. I was like laughing in my head because I was like fuck man. I probably hate that book right because like to me like meetings and like how the world those proper things you're referring to see meetings and how I personally see meetings. There's a huge Delta and I'm curious. How old are you now? I just I'm 30. I'm curious. You know someone who also came from out of bounds and never understood proper. I always wonder I'm always challenging myself of like what was I naturally gifted in in an entrepreneurial and human way what has evolved over these 22 years of operating and what have I taken on that is horseshit because it's osmosis of yeah. I know I feel you, but my here in my mind, it's like this. Okay, when you play an instrument when you learn the guitar, you don't It's most people don't play songs of their own songs right away. They kind of copy other people and feel the texture and they go. Oh, I see some kind of like the the stuff that I like. I see recurring patterns Yep. This is interesting. I can I can disregard this other stuff. So what I do is I'll usually read books. I'll read like I'll read your guys's glass doors. Okay other companies glass doors. I got what people say. Well, yeah, like what's the Baseline for like what is interesting and I can you can cherry-pick but like it could if you don't know like anything you have it's easier to have a and then you can know what to disregard but I would argue that your analogy for the way you went about it. Unless I'm missing something is actually not flawed but not exactly the same analogy because it sounds like based on your hot dog business what you're telling me is you didn't play other people's music. You picked it up started playing something and within that micro area it worked. Yeah, but also I would also argue that you know, it's really interesting where the source of information comes from, right? Is a lot of business books being written by people who've never run a business three biographies fair enough Glassdoor is just an anonymous reviews and always really goes very dirty data one for another one other end. That's what I mean. I mean you're at this young age where you've had these levels of successes, you know, I have such empathy for where you're coming from because I'm sure I had a lot of those same feelings of like I'm from out of bounds. I don't go to business school and things of that nature and I remember ironically it's interesting for you to bring that up. I also remember kind of hitting the Silicon Valley. A scene and like every single person went to Stanford and Harvard and I was like thank God for me very different for you that I already had such a real significant win that I was able to kind of use that but I have so much empathy for what must have been going through your mind in that scenario on the flip side. You're catching me at a very funny time where I would we finished 24th. These eight weeks are probably the my favorite eight weeks of being an operator in a long time because I decided going into this year that I was going to More me because I've really let the company do its thing. I'm running the company but I've let the osmosis of like classic Executives have a lot of say word last half decade and I would argue that the last eight weeks have been some of those productive weeks of vaynermedia's history and definitely my favorite time in the last four to five years because I'm going back a little bit too hot dog with the baby arm shit. Yeah, I don't disagree. We agree. I think that but it's still important. It was important for me to understand because you need that. Attack. Yeah, I get it. I get it like probably like my hot something. I'm like, all right. I'm just going to pick take this thousand dollars in cash. I'm gonna put that shit right in my pocket. Right? Like I'm gonna incriminate myself, but you know what? I mean, you know spend it on some dumb shit. Well, I didn't spend on that mean no no, I oh you got it. Keep going. You know, I just didn't do things the right didn't do a proper accounting think I got it now that we have an eight-figure, you know, we make seven figures a month. It's a good I think it can be a very large company just learning how to do shit or properly now not not everything needs. Be proper. No, but also the outside world but like there are some things like all right, I gotta make sure I do things the right way 100% you know when things go from just what have you brought him people. Like I said, hey Adam is our president, which who I knew from high school. He kind of he's the president runs a lot of the day-to-day stuff. He's a straight man. Yeah. Yeah, and so I'm able to like I'm able to kind of be my wild self and then we'll we don't always meet in the middle. Sometimes I will still go the wild route but like there I have some Procedures dude for a while. I was doing the accounting and not good and I was like I thought cash flow in Revenue with the same thing. I'd like guys we got to get these people to put the money in our bank. That's not Revenue. I'm not paying your quota on that and they get it and then he learned all that right stuff. You know how that the right way to do it. That's what I'm referring to. I totally understand. You know, how it is like not coming from this area. It's really uncomfortable at first but it's actually a advantage in the end. I think a hundred thousand percent. I used to have this book club called the anti MBA because I moved to San Francisco so jealous of Ali Stanford people. So I would create this book club and we months a week and then we get experts to come in and lead the discussion and I was like look we just did the same thing as Stanford course, but yeah, it's really uncomfortable. I think and you know how it is. What do you thinking about going forward? Like where's your mindset unlike the next half decade decade next year, like what's as an operator as a Founder as an entrepreneur? What's exciting you right now our business is doing well. Well, I want to I mean, I don't necessarily care about money, but I'm a runner an old I rank in college. And so I love having goals. I want to hit a hundred million in Revenue by 2025 and I'm really excited. I think there's a lot of media Brands out there who operate horribly and aren't doing the right things. I think we can build a massive be to be publicly explained to me on that. Like what are your some hot? What are your hot takes on the I think the New York media is being seen is horrible because I think that they look at Google analytics more than actually talk to users and talk to customers and figure out like what What in the creek shit, they love they don't treat them like customers. It's just Google analytics. It's like, oh, we just change this headline of this that's going to it's like well, what's that? What does that really mean? And what you're seeing now is that's actually impacting people in the long run is why Barstool Sports sold for with their stock just one of my 50% their sale price was effectively now at 650 million dollars, right and Dave doesn't know shit. I bet at first about analytics is an entrepreneur. He just made stuff that people loved whereas a lot of the big companies. What are now big they don't Do that as much and I think that that's going to a huge weakness for them and will help us. So non consumer-centric Quan Centric. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, which like you need? You can have a little bit of that a great not they're going to cut like Vice. What are they? What are they valued at? Like two or three billion dollars? I mean, I think we need to talk about Vice you have to talk about the narrative. I mean one of the variables in this whole game is you know, I don't know the story so I can't speak to it. But my perception from the outside is some of the founders and investors and vice did extremely well because I thought they should be Smith sitting front row that Tyson Fury fight. Yeah, I mean, you know that becomes that's a very big part of vc-backed businesses over the last half decade that will be the legacy of this 10-year window, which is what was the Delta between building long-term businesses. You know, how much leverage did Founders have to be able to take money off the table at series B and series sea levels was that what they were actually going for, you know, you know Shane hadn't you know again just not knowing a lot about Vice but one thing I definitely knew because I was in the circles of medium Brands Shane had a remarkable ability to sell so good, you know, big Brands big, you know, big budgets. So, you know, there's so many I'm with you like someone but here's the difference between let's say Vice post something like on their social channels says our top reporters going to be here tomorrow show up. Now, let's say Gary pose. I'm gonna be here tomorrow show up. Who's who's gonna have the most pull course, right? Yeah. They have a billion dollars or A hundred million dollars in funding or something like that. Yep. That's to me is did you appoint? Have you are you sell funding for this business? We took a little bit of Angel bunny. So I had self-funded it we made I made my the first couple of conferences. I made 500 Grand in profit and I piled all that money into this then we took a small checks from Tim Ferriss the founders of NerdWallet the founders of Bleacher Report people like that like a very people that you thought could bring back. Yeah because I was like emailing your money Bono ask them questions and they're like, can I invest? I'm like wait, you're gonna give me money. And I can just text you questions whatever I want. So we did a little bit of that smart. No venture capital. What's the what's the best piece of advice you've gotten from either smart money or outside people or you consume somewhere in the last let's call the last year. What's with some personal advice please Joe speiser Who start little things.com which eventually went out but he's very successful. He was like, I'm gonna write you this check but just know I just bought a big house in the Hamptons. It's not going to make you happy. Yeah. So like it give me that right would give it gave us the money. Yep. What are some other good advice? Tim Ferriss has been really helpful. I mean, he's like anal retentive about his brand and about everything like that and I breath I think there's a little middle ground there. But like just seeing like how strict he is with his brand and it totally works for him and it has made him so much for taking him. It's so good. And I really respect that. What are you at this point in your life between money Legacy the process if I said if I said, Thirty-year-old you right now between generally in your stomach and your heart and your gut about how much you're driven by and how much you like. The net win is around dollars is around being able to do your process and around Legacy. How are you currently broken down between a hundred percent of those? Well, I don't have children yet. So maybe things will change, but I have enough that I don't have to worry for maybe forever. I find my eye. I thought I was really Money Motivated. But when you get all these like opportunities when you get to a little bit of a level, like will pay you 10 grand to come here and do this or whatever and I just been night and I found myself not wanting to do that because I don't I'm like that sounds so boring to me. I don't want to do that. So I guess that answers the question of where I am a little bit I was I mean like one time we had a client do something that we thought was an asshole thing and we fired them and we lost a quarter of a million dollars and I slept like a baby so I don't think I'm as money moded Money Motivated as I thought Thought do you think that's because you checked some sort of box for yourself along the way versus know what I really am is a I think I had fuck you money. When I 10 grand. Yeah, I get that. I understand. Yeah, I do know that like and then once I was like wait a minute, I still don't think I've ever been more Rich than when I was doing baseball card shows that 13 because 3000 $4000 when you're 13, and you came from nothing set. I thought I had like a trillion. I remember when I one day I sold hot dogs and I had a grip of cash. It was like a gray a grip. Yeah. It was just a grip. It was a we call it. I call it a go. Let me get that grip and it was because I had like a jar here at were Tiff and I had like a grand and five dollar bills and I was like, this is for me money. This is it I was I was like we call the Hood Rich and where did you grow up again in st. Louis Missouri, but then I lived in Nashville, Tennessee, but I grew up with a lot of like poor people and you know spy talk like this but I think you like it did you think about was you have so in Nashville? I lived across the street from the projects and we would hang out all the time. I would. And how old were you then 19 to 21 18 to 21 and I would just hang out there with my buddy Rydell and we would just chill and just sit on it was the most it was I was my happiest when I had nothing which is weird. Right? No, I think it's I think it's not weird at all. But what you guys talked about just shoot like Guy Talk girls Sports just random shit or would you talk about dreams business? Yeah. I mean he this dude had served 25 years in prison and he would Talk about that but just stupid stuff, but it was just it's really fun. I think that when you come from not a lot which you know, I had a good family and everything, but when you start from when you try to start on your own from scratch your I do you have siblings. Yeah. Yeah. I've siblings older brother and older sister. You were the youngest Mmm Yeah. I think when you start from not a lot is actually a huge advantage and you could be a lot happier that way I think if I think if you're born into a wealthy family the likelihood of like depression might actually be higher I think so. You know what? I mean based on our societal Norms right now so much of my passion about like what I talk about and the content I put out is to create empathy for it's very hard. You know, I get it I grew up in it. It's very hard for somebody that doesn't have much to have empathy for somebody who's driving a BMW and has a Rolex but you know based on the all my readings all my DMs. I get at this point in my life. I have so hundreds of thousands of interactions per month year, whatever it is. It's just a lot of interactions. I see far more sadness and people that had too much than in people had two little icy Envy in people that don't have as much I see drive and people that don't have as much I see resentment and people that don't have as much I see deep lostness and people that have too much, you know, like there's just when people didn't have as much they there is an inherent I'm going to pull myself out of this whether it's illegal legal. There's a drive. It's really hard to be hungry when you started fed. Just is know and I agree and I have I've wealthy kids and I think about it constantly. So let me ask you a question, please. I bet a lot of people wonder or maybe a fair bit. So you started this from nothing. Yep. I started my business from nothing. I saw early on even once we got to like 25-30 employees. Once it got to like 10 million in Revenue. I was like, I don't want to operate our I don't want to like be the guy of this business. I want to just go start from the bottom and get in start stuff within the company. That's what I prefer. Yeah you Seem like you would prefer that but you seem like you're still like the guy in charge. I do both. The reason I have Team Gary. Is it as my little pirate ship how many people work their team Gary? Yeah 30 or so right feels right. So I have my little eye Gary Vee my team Gary my case was collaboration my empathy wine entity case. Let us know your team Gary know it is part of the how do you allocate budget to that? We use it as we allocate it. Because I have full control and we look at it as a as two things one the testing ground for hypotheses that become the scalable strategies and talent grooming and top of the funnel business awareness. We don't have to do rfps because I'm Gary be garyvee happened because the team Gary so it instead of most companies that I compete with at the level that we compete at who have enormous allocations to new business teams and spend tons of money on rfps. We do not have that and amortizes out into the Ten engine which becomes far more strategic than spending $50,000 on a Sizzle reel to try to get McDonald's to hire you so just walk in and say hire a stick. Do you like running at 800 person company? Yes. I'm an opera. You know one thing with me that is interesting and I would argue that it is potentially a weakness because I have so much magic back to you know, kind of where you're going with this ironically. I also had a ton of operational capability. I've basically been the CEO. Oh the decision maker for my company's my whole life. I mean AJ played that role but he was by Nature having an 11 year younger brother. He was so capable. So it was great. But I also there's a lot of operational conversations we had together and so I am capable to operate and I often debate with myself fuck, you know, even though I Love It I Love It ultimately I operate because I actually like operating because I have a real interesting distinction between The sizzle and the steak that both sit within me. That is me. Who's your number two or number three number four who's like your so at Vayner really might at vaynermedia. My number two is really I mean, it's really an interesting mix flip. Oh, yes and no right because I'm not CFO driven, you know and listening to your stories I get where you're coming from like and I have a lot of that to like, I'm far better at literally doing something. Nobody else can do then balancing checkbooks. Looks like it's just boring as fuck to me back to cash flow and ibadah. I went through all those same things. I'm like fuck this, you know, like but what I will tell you is my number two is a collective I would argue between Claud Claud. I always think of Claude as my number two because she's the chief hard officer, which is really a jar which I really believe is the punch line no matter how we face like the hiring roadmap. Yeah, but she's also Gray she's not she even has a number two engine ruza like she herself is kind of like You and me then she is a straight person but I think that's exactly right for HR. HR is a function of humanity same way. You cynically properly by the way cynically look at all the Google analytics media companies. That's how I think about HR. I don't give a fuck about fucking hiring structure. I care about Humanity. I don't care about fucking all the stuff we're supposed to do for the states that were in it, though. We have to do that so we don't get sued and become liable. But what I care about is Claude knowing what fucking is on I sit down with Seth he'd I'm looking right. Right at him right now. I had thought I had something cancel. I see Seth on the fucking floor and I literally except come into my office and we have a 10-minute talk about Seth's life. This is real life. This happened a week ago, right Seth like that's what I'm about right and I don't want to speak for Seth. It's probably hard for me to ask you with in being in the room, but I have a funny feeling Seth's relationship with vaynermedia is better today than it was a week and a half ago because we got to have that talk Clarity and roadmap. That's how you build a bigger. Your your game is not going to be Like at real scale when I hear the level of ambition of a hundred million by 2025 one. I personally get scared about that. I like people who first of all, you know yourself, I'm not a runner thus it makes sense to me, but I'm always inherently always nervous because I'm like don't put that extra pressure on you, you know, like but to your point, you know how to motivate yourself you do you number two my belief is no matter how remarkable the two of you are on kind of like this the sizzle and a steak that the most important variable to get to a hundo is 8 Char okay. So you have your HR person report? Which both you might be remarkable at. I just don't know. He's very good at it. I believe you're hurting understood makes sense. So you have hunting farming. Yeah, so you have Claude Claude then Mark yard kid. Our general counsel far out seeds that title. He's far more of a CEO always been here from basically day one. He was my personal lawyer when I invested in Twitter and Facebook and he's like this kid must be right and I recruited them and we had a general counsel long before I thought it was appropriate, but I just knew he was right and I was like, fuck it. Get there eventually and good because he's been a coincidence. It's a year or whatever the fuck you call those things and and a general counsel and and is evolving more and more into CEO life Marcus Chris a state whose my my brother's best friend since first grade started here should have never worked at Vayner but the economy collapsed it was a super bright kid and I have like nothing but Finance offers but like he's an EQ kid. It turns out and was smart enough to come here and just intern and he's my chief of staff. He's a quote-unquote number two, I would Argue that and Alan would agree with me Alan. Probably Falls more into a number three as a CFO. I'm just basically I'm on the hyperbole. Not hyperbole. I'm in the real life of pay the bills invest pay the bills invest it's all in perpetuity. So I'm not looking to extract too many dollars out of the business at this point in my life because I can afford to and so I want to build a machine that that you know, my admin team Alex Lou Max. My admin team is a real factor in my If back to the joke we met before here, like everybody's listening I sat down was like alright excited beyond your podcast. He looked at me. He's like motherfucker. I'm on yours. I'm like, oh shit, like that's how I am listening. You know, I'm sure you will but I don't need you to eye but it was a great insight for you of like how high level I'm really playing it because it really ultimately doesn't matter like the context I needed for here as you can see in the way. I mean, I know enough I know enough from afar I know enough of like right I know how to bring the most value to you and to my audience. So like I like I don't spend time on things that I don't need to spend time on. So we have we have this thing we launched Trends is pretty cool. Where are we where we do? We basically uncover interesting opportunity. So it makes a ton of sense. Yeah, so it's a pay it basically it's like I've seen them I've seen the model my whole life. It's a paid newsletter with a group and Community. We're going to scale up like political Pro whatever and the point with Trends right now is were uncovering cool opportunity. So we'll do like a case study on a cool company, like right now I'm writing one just on the hotel industry. I think there's a lot of opportunities in hotels and we kind of break down the financials. I love that. Well, we have technology at crawls the web and find things that are fast growing. Like for example, people are searching for ways to sleep better more than they're searching for meditation stuff where it's will be just won't uncover that talk about what it means. It's cool exporting that opportunity and one of the things that we talked about on that and on our podcast is just like the real like the economics of different things of different businesses and how they operate how many employees do you guys have we have almost 900? Okay shit. So what I'm curious about and I think a lot of people might be is when so we took I made about $400,000 to $500,000 and profit from the conference. That's what I use to fund our advertising business. Now those made a lot of profits which Wonder but fund this thing in that thing and so that's our funding route. How were you guys able to scale to 800 people. Did you have any did you get a line of credit? No, we got a free conference room size of this. So that was our first overhead mean AJ didn't take any salary AJ needed to aging saved. He from eBay in high school and college. I had I was an interesting spot. I didn't own Wine Library the part of my narrative. A lot of people don't realize is in family businesses. You don't like almost every employee made as much if not more than me. So I was you know, my my 20s I was making 4257 63. So the last couple years. I got up to a little around a hundred but I lived in New York and right before Vayner started. I took all my liquid and invested in Facebook Twitter and Tumblr. Reveal reveal how much you like to how much do I put in like to 2047 and 71 so somewhere in the ballpark of I had in my whole life. I've been able to save about 400,000 bucks because I paid like eight nine hundred dollars in rent and I worked 18 hours a day. And what did you put all four hundred to those all of it? It was crazy. But if you think about how big of a win it's kind of like sports cards right now, so like this sports car thing is really funny. Like we discovered those auctions on Trends. Actually, I love the Heritage auctions. Yes growing like crazy crazy and if like LeBron rookies have gone up from a thousand like like it's really funny. I think a lot of people think I'm talking about sports cards right now because I say no my narrative that I grew up with them. But I also try to remind my closest friends who are like calling me now and be like yo, especially as they see the videos of like me and April saying bye LeBron a thousand now, it's 4500, you know by Gianna's for a hundred. Eighty now, it's 1500 by Luca 435 Now it's 280. Like now I've got like the receipts and it's happened within six months and everyone's like wait a minute. Is there something actually coming here and I told my friends I'm like look I've been passionate about sports card since I was 11. I also haven't said a word about them for 20 years. So it's really happening. The reason I bring that up is this is one of the first things I've seen that is so unbelievably obvious to me that I did the same thing that I did with investing which is if it's Percent not 99 if it's 99. I'm an immigrant and I'm going to hold 50% back. But if it's a hundred and you to excuse me, Facebook Twitter and Tumblr were a hundred percent to me and that became that was right that crushed it. We sold an eighty four thousand dollar campaign to a guy that I went to a basketball game with who was a Wine Library customer who invited me because it was a huge collector and literally in the second quarter of this boring that's game in the old stadium in Jersey he goes. So what are you up to? I'm like actually cuz I felt cold. I haven't told anybody. I was like actually my brother's about to graduate in two months and I'm going to start a business with him and I'm probably going to spend you know, I'm going to you know what I say. I know what I said to him. Like I'm be a hundred fifty percent. Don't worry. I'm going to be a hundred percent of wine library because it might be a customer but I'm going to put a lot of effort into building this company with my brother and he's and turns out that he was in marketing and he had this big campaign for Gillette starting around when before agent graduated. Our first campaign was before AJ graduated. It was like this. Bullshit influencer Twitter campaign in Vegas for Gillette razors and they paid us $84,000 which I thought was like a trillion especially compared to what we did. I tried to get them to do like 94 smart things. Like now just take some photos here Among Us. Nonetheless that 84,000 is the funding that's pretty crazy to me because with our business, I mean we haven't taken a lot of funding but I still am like how close are we want to run it run our margins and then but you have to like put money up for rent, right? So in San Francisco as well and here you got it. To put you know your deposit and well, it's funny. Right like, you know, we have a lot of jobs were putting out there at like, you know, 40 and 50 and people like, how can you live in New York? They like yell at me and I'm like by not living in Manhattan by not buying $7 Starbucks by not taking Uber instead of the trait like you could do anything like, you know to your point you decide, you know, you were in a little bit different place you were in that world. You made a couple hundred you made some money on that exit. You were also in the Cocoon of fun, right? In San Francisco cocoon. Yeah. Well most people in Austin exactly like, you know you from mentality of st. Louis and Nashville and you know you as the person that was living in a cocoon of San Francisco. Like there's you can do anything if you're willing to not be entitled if you're willing to be practical this is this is where Americans get caught with immigrants all the time. How can how can this happen? Very easy like you live humbly as fuck you save money and you then deploy that money. It's not super complicated. You did it. I Did it my dad definitely did it and like a billion fucking people have done it in America over the last hundred years. It's that people are impatient and insecure and so the yeah, I mean that's how we did it. And like what were you running? We didn't pay rent for the first two and a half years of the company where you guys running so your bank you guys are running on a slim bank balance, even for a couple years. Yes, and no we didn't pay rent again because I Bartered I asked like, you know, I already had a little street cred because of my wine business. I was able to use me a little It so that's true. I just think that when you have like 300 employees, it's like shit like yeah, but by that point we had a you know, a 300 employees we were doing, you know, 87 million dollars in Revenue like, you know at that point you're balancing. But yeah, I mean, it's also not you know what it comes down to it. I'm curious how you think about this and I hope you've been able to hold onto this because they'll make you Unstoppable. I'm also super like I'm actually secretly excited about a headline in the New York Times that says vaynermedia lays off half as its staff after the recession because if I made the wrong decisions of Save it which won't happen. But if I did I'd still be okay with it. Here's why. And it's in what is up March 26th. Finally. I am coming through to Edmonton. It hasn't been this crunk. Since Gretzky was on the ice, Edmonton Canada, March 26th me giving the keynote Q&A with you the State of the Union of Entrepreneurship marketing and business information below. I hope to see you there. I deserve it. I made the mistake. I like being accountable. I'm really into accountability. I really think it needs to get Like super cool Alex do me a favor text and EK right now and tell him I want to accountable as fuck hoodie made immediately want to wear it. See if he can give it to me this afternoon accountable as fuck. What are you the same way? I apologize for. Uh, I just want to say this like in the same way that I think kindness and empathy and patients needed to be a bigger part of the formula of Entrepreneurship, which is why I've talked about a lot more I think accountability. Like I just wish that every entrepreneur back to your point razor thin margins, Does that mean you can get caught if you're okay with getting caught and paying the ramifications you win if you're not as you know, and I've been listening to you on this interview people creating exits in medial and creating exits that look like it's an exit, you know wasn't next they sold their assets for a penny on the dollar but they wanted they didn't have the guts to say we shut down so they sold earlier right people are not willing to be uncomfortable. I'm willing to put my own cash back into vaynermedia. If I fucked up I'm willing to have to let go of 10% of worse employees have Boehner if 9 of our clients fire us like shit changes things happen to these exercises and I tell Adam about all the time. I just do is exercise all the time. I'm like if this business goes out of business tomorrow, I'll be fine. I'm going to be I'll be fine. You know, why because you will be fine. Right? And so that's what I and I do that exercise all the time because it's so good first start out like that if this all my personality set up those but then it Now it's like if we go away tomorrow, I'll be just as happy I would and that kind of like when you protect your downside that mean you have no downside then it's only upside. So that's kind of how we discuss it. I've said it a billion times and I'll say it again. I want to lose everything have everybody shit on me say that I was a farce the whole time see how everybody else was better than me. I was the joke see make fun of all the people that bought into me all that and then just rise back up and fucking tell everybody go fuck themselves. Like I'm into that shit. Yeah, I mean it's really helpful because it definitely it's free. It's unbelievably fraying. It's very freeing. What else is exciting for you to talk about what else is on your mind? What else do you think will bring value to people listening? What's been what's been actually let me ask it this way. What's been something that you feel your readers which I'm sure overlap very heavily with this audience. I'm sure plenty of them. We already have been really hot on what's bit like, what do you guys put out in a fuck we knew it and yeah, they really are hot on it. Well, I want to talk specific business things that were Going over so like different ideas and Concepts and I mean, I'm really bullish on a bunch of things. But first one thing that we get we speak a lot about this focus and this is a little fluffy so we don't spend too much time on it. But when you get to a certain point you have the ability to do a lot of different things so I have invested in a ton of shit. So but now my fuck I gotta get pay attention that real estate deal can't pay attention this I really need to focus on only this thing and maybe one other thing what's your criteria? For saying no and saying yes complete intuition every time and when I say yes to things outside the core Vayner X. I always treated as it goes to 0, but I know that I need it because I need to get my entrepreneurial nut off. So what's that mean then that means that I need to absolutely make that $50,000 investment or do that thing to make the whole machine work aka the 25% of things I'm doing. Doing that make no sense and stretch me too thin are actually the thing that gives me sanity and happiness which allows the 75% of the Vayner Focus to actually run at a hundred fifty percent. So empathy wines is one of them. Yes, and so that's your 25% It's one of them. I mean look, you know, I'm a funny guy talk a lot. I talk a lot about a lot of things and I don't talk about some of the best things about me like who I am as a human in like the Deep like what Alex knows not what you guys know my nonprofits. I don't and Mike Ward work there. I don't talk about that. I also don't talk about my single biggest exit. I co-founded and co-created resi the restaurant app. Like literally me and Ben Leventhal over dinner came up with the idea. I they were incubated at vaynermedia when the company was in a bad moment. I personally put money in. I spent a lot of Social Capital getting Danny Meyer and Steve Ross definitely deeply involved. I been in Mike Montero or absolutely Was about business but like I am easily the birth father and the third player in that story. It's a hefty nine-figure exit to MX. And I have a funny feeling that 93 percent of the people that just heard a story Heard It For the First Time case was sold nine months ago. There is no confusion to why I barely mentioned it. I just tweeted about it this week and everyone's like oh congrats have so I need those things to make me sane. They've also So led to a ton of big wins the resi win covers every potential loss I have. Yeah, that's all the air B&B. It's sold to know every me wasn't investor though. It's all to Amex - good. It was extremely good half the nine figures no shit. No shit. Wow, he listens. So so, you know, I think that I have to do a better job of like communicating some of those things to be just because raise money for that. We did we did first from Vayner vayner/rse my fund incubated it so, you know, you got a double win then I got a double win. I got a triple win because I put personal money in when it needed it. So but the reality is that I think when I hear you say that I have a lot of empathy for you because I have a funny feeling we cross over in a lot of ways. I would tell you that don't overlook at it from a black-and-white standpoint because to your point. I mean, there's so many things, you know, when you come from nothing like when people email me and say Gallery bad news, you know. Ali sorry, you know, but the investment you wrote into my company's going to zero we're shutting down the doors, but don't worry. I learned a lot I get pissed. I'm like fuck you motherfucker like $50,000 $100,000 is a ton of money to me. Like it doesn't matter how much I make any the iron that I bled for that I bled for that shit. So, you know, I think that but I also would say to you on the flip side. I'm sure what you're realizing is some of those checks you wrote you're going to you when you wrote it you imagine how much you were going to help that thing to success? Now you may never talk to that founder. Yeah, and I think that happened to me and the way I look at it now. Hey, I changed my behavior a little bit be what do you mean? What's I stopped investing as much and would invest where I thought by accident I could help just by maybe, you know, when you build a brand to your name can help I have absolutely invested when I believed in something and believed in the person and knew that my investment will help them raise more money. So I've thought a lot about that but I mean, I think it I think all those micro losses is Why I'm going to macro win I need it. I'm an artist. I'm creative by Nature. I need it. So you want to talk about some interesting things that we've been going over on please on in the hustle and on trends that I think you'll enjoy ripping on please. Okay. So you guys Vayner had a real estate conference? Yes, how'd that go financially financially it went well where where it was vulnerable was the said something stupid to you got trouble. No, I didn't say anything stupid. I still believe in it. I said that all right. Don't mean stupid. I mean Americans I know what you meant. Three things one, right? So to your point on that one. It was agent 2021. It was run 100% by Kim Garcia. I always knew that Kim might not stay long term. And so there was the the vulnerability was unlike anything else that you had better media. There was no backup to Kim going on in her career, which is why we didn't do it this year as far as the backlash. I stay I'll triple down on it right now, which I agree with you. I a stunning amount of people overextend themselves on their first house purchase just to say they bought a home everybody almost maximizes their down payment which eliminates cash flow almost everybody buys a home that's too big for them and has an extra bedroom or living room that they never use and I think for people that are entrepreneurial and are trying to grow happiness and business capabilities that they need to rethink their buying home strategy and lean into more renting so that they have the To go on the offense so they can then buy home at 39 or 57 or never. So I believe in that and then so the industry took that as you know, Gary says never buy a home and I love that. My sister's a real estate agent. I thought it I still I believe in a triple and when I tell you I give no fucks to the backlash of people that have Financial vested interest in people buying homes for themselves not having empathy for the person that buys the home then go fuck themselves. So this next Conference of yours. Is sound like it's gonna go great. Yeah, I mean the cop the conference is easy. Right? Like the conference like is is he's out of a good business for you guys. It was an okay because we made we made six figures on both executions through sponsorships and ticket sales. I love the events business. Yes, let's talk about it. So I did a big case study - I studied the top five companies, you know, there's a company called informa, you know informa I do. I love informa. It's a 15 billion dollar market cap there there. Margins are significantly larger than a lot of these huge tech companies like it lasting and things like that who I compared them to I mean, they could do three or four billion dollars a year in trade show Revenue with like a 40 percent net income margin fat and specifically I think they're but and there's some lacking in the construction field and a few other Industries, but I love the trade show industry. I love it. I think it's I think there's a huge opportunity there. What were you and what were you saying about why you love them? Because of Highly profitable and humans will continue to interact that everyone's attention is unscalable tact not humanity and non-scalable shit like that and at scale you can you can really do damage. Yeah, but a lot of people don't realize it because it seems too unsexy is not interested. That's I mean bro every single one of my friends made fun of me for starting vaynermedia. It's client service business. They didn't realize they need and I to your point back to like why would never judge somebody that wants to do a hundo and 2025. You know, how you navigate by being a runner that Me a lot of insight actually gives me a lot inside of me. I never compete with myself. I don't run or whatever though. I was pumped. I did break my jumping my jump rope record this Saturday Sunday with Mike how many I can do in 12 minutes, but nonetheless, I would tell you that non-sexy businesses right now that have true business fundamentals are by far the most interesting thing. What else is interesting then sports cards. I'm sorry to bring it up again. All my friends are like this is stupid. It's all going to go Tech. I'm like cool. I really don't think so like physical things are not going away from our society. So then what were the opportunities through Exchange Market places? Yeah. Somebody's going to build a true. You know, there's something called cam. See there's a company running around right now raising Capital. That's a true Merkel exchange type thing where you never take any of the cards you short you you buy Futures. Yes. I also think sports like music is a fundamental pillar like I love history the Romans biggest events. Were people fucking fighting each other like boxing and fighting a lion and whatever the fuck but like this is never going away. And I think that if you look at culture look at look at all of us right now, there's a lot of young Professionals in this room. I'm going to call myself young the way were dressed like every person here doing the same thing. We're doing right now in 1974 looks totally different the Casual nature the culture nature and I think art is not this Generations favorite thing though. There's cool art. There's a lot of fun things and I'm actually in Ann Arbor. Since I like a lot called iconic, but I the the posters, huh. I'm a very big fan that because a sneaker culture and because Urban culture that I think that sports cards are about to become the next art and so like a lot of what I'm buying whether it's Colin Kaepernick, which is cultural not what he can do on the field because he's probably not going to be on the field again or or basketball soccer wrestling cards. Like I think they're the next art. What's another place another way? You detect that market? Shovels and picks, right? Because I'm just treat you know back to the way you asked that question the more thoughtful business the one that I've lost interest in but wear them bigger economics are is the infrastructure around it. Let's just parlay are two conversations. The core event is called the national. It's the biggest sports card show. How big is it? I don't know. You know who owns it I do not but I can tell you since I've been to the last two it's it's great and it's part of the Hobbies tradition, but there's clearly opportunity. And I don't know on the comp of Comic-Con if the people that originally owned it then just became what it became today. I would love that for the family that's been in it on the national but either them or a competitor coming in clearly has an opportunity to create an events business that is going to matter because you can see the enter like Regional shows are so Mom and Pop. I mean it's exactly what you think. They look like, but there's a place for it to go pop culture. There's grading companies the whole industry is built on. You know that PSA is a publicly traded company that I think the stock is done. Well recently. There's starting the IP company. They're starting the next brand Upper Deck tops Fleer. Yes, a PSA is the Grading Company. There's three good grading. There's three leaders in grading SGC PSATs. What's a Moody's for stocks? I don't know. What's a Moody's Moody's what's another waistline they give you like the the a AAA rating? The ratings company. Yeah, this is this is a little bit more flawed. It's human. It's like appraisal on how good the car to there's a lot of anxiety of this business because there's people that try to trim cards or alter cards authenticity like it's humans gratings. I like that but there's being an IP company right now Panini and tops own all the rights but you could start a new company or by one of the old Brands and then get the rights from the NBA or the or the MLB. So there's the IP renting company kind of like ESPN and fox get the rights for the League's that's how sports cards work. There's the expansion of been thinking a lot about creating hip-hop cards, like, you know, what would happen if you went into a new Arena and create a cards Pokemon and Magic the Gathering haven't even started the process of they're already ridiculously expensive but that age group is younger. That was the 90s generation cards. Whereas the 80s was Sports. So there's non-sports cards. There's a there's a lot of variables so I'm going to have our analyst our team go and I love it right that up, please and I'll give a ton exposure. If from I've heard from a lot of people the quality of your guys work is really good. So if you're going to go really deep and do it, I know it on surface level intuition and like little Parts but like some of the data like, I don't know if there's been a single better thing to invest in in the last year than sports cards including crypto anything good that has happened in crypto cannabis stock like we're talking about 20 30 40 x return and Six and nine months liquid like one thing that you know, that sucks about Angel Investing is you're locked yeppers 8 years 10 years, right? I mean you bought a you know, I bought 53 of them. I wish about 500 of them you by 53 LeBrons last spring. I'm talking to eight months ago for a thousand. They're fucking 4500 right now and and there's demand the reasons that young people buying it or older everybody. It's just happening. I'll tell you who's buying my generation that now has wealth that's going back to her childhood. Nostalgia always works their 8 year olds. So the kids of the core group gamblers the amount of gambling culture and sports is heavy daily fantasy actual betting prop betting you've seen all that explosion. Well, guess what like if you know Sports another way to gamble is to put into players you believe in and then sneaker flipper kids the entire the enormity of that industry that has been massively disrupted by stock X and IPOs, you can't go to the sneaker store anymore. Hire a TV or high school friends to stay on the line get the Yeezys. Bring them back. Give him ten bucks each and then go make real money. That's yeah, that's while I've enjoyed watching that thing. What's another industry that has been exciting you? One that I that I'm Matty C brands that are not vc-backed slow and steady. I'm going to build a 39 million dollar t-shirt business gum business honey business, but I'm not going to do it like Casper outdoor voice is correct. I didn't see yet. The CEO had to step down. I don't know if it's fire sit down. Okay, how much did they how much are they raised, you know? like 40 or 50 million dollars so this they raise 50 million dollars or something the revenue was only 49 and they are losing two million dollars a month I've got a friend that has a business that sells dog ramps it does three million a month in Revenue with nothing I mean it's crazy how much is this is the whole theme of this whole conversation it's why I pressed early on the more we don't become like it the more likely we're going to be super all right hot dog you is the best version of you yeah and I think that that is what we're on the dawn of I think a lot of what I'm talking about do you know what do you understand the utter Carnage on a neck if this coronavirus thing continues its momentum let there be no confusion I don't know when we're getting this I assume this week next week so it's not gonna be too far but like as of this morning the main was people isn't spanner being shut or Milan I've been shut down I'm again I'm headline reading so I'm talking out of my ass and not out of my ass I just had a breakfast I look up Read CNBC coronavirus. I had a friend hit me up over the weekend saying like hey, this is in America. This is a little bit weirder than you think. This is who my uncle is I'm like, wow, that's weird. Wait. Wait, what's that mean just said, hey, this is more serious in America than you think and you'll be finding out and next hundred days because they're I'm not a big conspiracy theorist. So putting that out there. I hope I'm scared nobody but like I'm just sharing like where I'm going is whether it's fucking coronavirus or the inevitable economic downturn. Nobody's building real businesses anymore. You know that all of Silicon Valley New York to your point. Nobody's building actual businesses. Yeah, I think it's crazy that these people raise money for some of these data see Brands. It's crazy. It's because they can there's so much money in the system. Yeah, there's too much money in the system and they don't realize that they'll get way richer by not doing that. They just they like the perception of success versus actual success because it's actually incredibly cheap to do this the perception it also brother. I'll tell you this though. It's time we talk about entrepreneurship and talent you and I got lucky in the fucking in a game it is not so easy. Like I understand what you're saying and I say it too. Let's flip it around. It's actually super hard to build a sustainable business where you're not being fucking trust funded. All these startups are trust funds. When I was tell people I'm like intellectually, it's not that hard emotionally. It's super challenging and a life and they can't just balance. You couldn't lose nothing's complicated intimate intellectually. This is all emotion. People don't have the stomach for losing and judgment. Yeah, I mean starting these DC Brands like I know a bunch of people do not like this is really not that hard. What's more fun for 99% of people listening and the world right now? Hey go raise money and look like you're killing it and have Co in your Instagram title and have money to go spend because you're paying yourself enough and all this stuff or eat dog shit for four and a half years to build a foundation to maybe get to that as same exact place, but you're on stable ground and then you can start the process and Being 8 years it can look good the aunt who the fuck is going to pick eight years over eight minutes one percent which is why that 1% is about to win big. Is there anything else you like? I'm fascinated by the whole psychedelic thing. Oh, that's so obvious to me like the whole Aubrey and Ferris and all that circles. Yeah you John it men's makeup men's makeup What men's makeup. I know we're wrapping. I know everyone's trying to get us to wrap up. We're having too much fun. I got a A real hot take not short-term sports cards short term. How about psychedelic? So what I can tell is that this psychedelics are only repressed because the stigma know me I don't even don't even smoke the cigarette like I'm super weird. But yeah, I drink wine, but I've been drunk like five times. I'm completely sober and I love that but I still love that thing. Yeah, me too because I don't have feelings and opinions when it comes to business you do. I probably wouldn't because my mom Nancy Reagan me out too much. It's a framework for me, but Say this I'll never say never like I'm willing to do whatever the fuck I need to do at any point. It just not in my framework on the flip side on I'm also way to grateful and thankful of my mental happiness and I would be lying. If I didn't tell you that I'd be scared to alter something or you know, a lot of people do it because it finds a dimension that works for them. I'm like my current state is working for me. I don't want to open up something to like. Oh fuck like, you know, yeah, like like don't fix it yet. But if I wasn't mentally happy I'm open for everything's in play. Have you heard of MDMA therapy? No, I think it's a it's awesome Tucker Tucker. Max has told he's one of our investors. Yep. He's because I go to therapy and I used to take antidepressants. He was like dude do this. I've been on this medication for years and I did this thing. I feel way better anything that helps people get off medication is something intuitively in my gut not I'm not a doctor. I don't know like I'm sure there's plenty of medicines that matter but I'm always pumped knowing enough about the business of farming in America. I'm always pumped a people can find a different way. But back to psychedelics and like and sexual experimentation, like what you're seeing right now is a mature practical version of what you saw in the 60s. I think it's a game of stigma. What's an example of what's an example? I think you know when I think about my friends in Silicon Valley who talked about, you know, psychedelics and things that nature inevitably in that same dinner, it gets into alternative sexual relationships and like open like open marriages in a more Progressive Way than open marriages or like I would know I don't think I could ever do that. It's not for me either but like what but I don't like him posing. My like what I think makes me successful in these talks is I never impose my will or opinion on what will happen. All my friends are like fuck. How did I got Tick Tock wrong? It's like and whether Tick-Tock disappears tomorrow or not. There's incredible money being made in The Tick-Tock infrastructure. That's what we're talking about business in this narrow way and they're like, why are you always right? I'm like, I don't impose my opinion your because I'm talking These Inner Circle friends. I'm like you said it was stupid for you. You said that because you're insecure you have 800,000 followers on Instagram and you don't want to start over you're doing what Tila Tequila and Dane cooked it with my space. You're doing what all my homies some Twitter did about Instagram you now are doing that to Instagram. You're so set in your thing. And you've got clout. You don't want the world to reset. I only want the world to reset because I don't actually value my clout. I value learnings and impact. it's a huge deal so he'll psychedelics real quick to finish this off and then jump in with your finger helps psychedelic stigma is going to go away which is then going to make people feel comfortable to do it and I have a very deep intuitive feeling that it is the medicine or whatever the fuck you want to call it that's going to help a fuckload of people who have not been able to find their alternative in Advil or in therapy or in much harder core medicine and that excites the shit out of me I want way more happiness in the world do we have time for one more no go ahead go ahead Anything else that's exciting you DD c-- sports cards live. Like it's funny. We talk about a Live Events TTC and sports cards practical DTC because it's there but you can't take funding 10 years not 10 minutes sports cards. I'm obsessed Live Events obsessed for the DTC. Is there any particular products your faceted care? Everything's category every single thing that sold in a store is vulnerable to do you see what I like to do is just look at Procter & Gamble everything they sell you just throw dart at it every better than that and I like what you did because Proctor as the leader but like take it all anything. That's sold in a store is Margot just walk around Target anything. Yeah, and that then tells every entrepreneur because I know a lot of listening right now sell what you love like if you love blueberry jam fucking make that brand back to you saying it's easy. It is never been easier to be like, I love peanut butter and jelly for real for real. I love it. It's never been easier on Earth. And I mean the Delta is like a billion to 0 on starting a peanut butter and jelly brand if you take a 10-year window. well if you take a 10-year window let me tell you real life instead of this be shit and I know we're late but fucking I'm pumped right now if you sell dumb shit in your house I don't money Gary good you have stuff in your house you're like most Americans have stuff even like people that are making a lot of money have fucking stuff at least $1,000 of crap yes and if you don't I'll teach you and I keep teaching people I'll teach you how to take 30 bucks and turn into a thousand I fucking didn't trash talk episode 3 it was called $20 of Olympic pins for over a thousand real life real talk do you have the humility to go garage saling that's the question you have humility to go to the Dollar Store and walk out and while he is at that whole foods and sees you walking out with bags from Dollar Store people only judgment you have the humility when you don't have a car to go pick up something on Craigslist and take the fucking bus and sit with a lamp on your lap like why wouldn't you want to do that that's sounds fun because it's easier for people mentally to complain and blame than to take on accountability accountable as fuck tell him I wanted this afternoon Alex so nonetheless if you can get 20,000 bucks by eating shit for a year and grinding then you can then take that twenty thousand dollars to develop early stage peanut butter and jelly brand early-stage Instagram and Tick-Tock adds an early stage early stage early stage AKA 10 years but in 10 years if you're 32 could you imagine being able to quit your job at 42 that you fucking hate and are dying inside and do a business around your singular thing your singular thing I'm talking everybody needs to hear this is crush it 2008 it's I was right it's real like people are still not doing Fuck where you see the opportunity because you read the hustle and the niggers and transient like fuck. There's not that's great. And by the way, you might be like me by the way me I'm a businessman. I can get fired up about anything. Yeah. We just like to nerd out right but if you're fucking hardcore toothpaste like you like like it you like by different brands you're intrigued by it. It's vulnerable. If you're like hardcore skiing like like and video work like go become the person that fucking does content on ski mountains. It's real. It's fucking real. But you have to think of it in ten years because anybody who thinks it's real thinks you have to raise money. Everybody thinks you have to raise money now. It's fucking broke but never been cheaper. Maybe if you live in San Francisco, but I was some people I go to mood in 2011 fucking San Francisco, New Mexico, Missouri. That's right, and I'm for real whenever I sit when BuzzFeed and box are doing their thing. I was tweeting. I was like move your office's to st. Louis. You'll be profitable. Anyway, bro. I really appreciate your having me we have the hustle and that but we also have this cool podcast that where I was talking to your guy we're going to be closed and beating you in the numbers that's my goal we happy no I'm a hard time no I'm not on a hard time I'm some real shit you know to the Kobe Bryant was the most competitive iconic figure in our culture and when he tweeted a congratu is last week and couldn't be more simple symbolic act that's right and that's what that's who I am nothing makes me happier than when entrepreneurs on Merit out work out succeed me because that's the game either you love the game where you don't so the these last five minutes when we're just riffing on interesting opportunities but we do is we just research all of them and we just rip on them and we have experts come in sometimes it's all my first million if you're wondering if you're in San Francisco and I want to come on it what like I said well similar reasons is it out come and do it I'm happy to do it thank you for having me as we end today it's podcast I want to give a huge shout out to the people you know it's so funny people that leave reviews and written reviews of this podcast on Apple spot And all the other platforms just mean the world to me you've taken an extra 13 to 95 seconds to show love and also give context to people of why this is a worthwhile podcast. So I appreciate that so much and even more fun because I think we all love a little cosine or a shout out or a little awareness. I'm gonna have the team give a couple of shoutouts daily on our favorite reviews. So Dean take it away which were our favorites this week. Thanks Gary. Today is your views. Thank you and Gabe provides Rockstar. Mation written in by Tyler MC ninety six and just a dude 13 say the podcast is amazing great energy and extremely positive even when talking about things that people do negatively impact their life. Thank you Gary for all the content and really helps me keep focus on what I'm spending my time on and the podcast for makes it easier to have it on in the background when I'm using my phone and secondly Gary is amazing. I originally found him on YouTube and he has helped me so much and getting the right mindset to succeed and learn the skills and Entrepreneurship. He's also much more than a business Expert. He's a life coach. A philosopher and psychologist which provides value other than the necessary monetary Pursuits. Thank you so much Gary. Thank you both so much for riding in and remember keep leaving reviews because yours could be next.