Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also notDon't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when women leaders are still much more rare than men leaders and men and women and does anyone living in the patriarchy still kind of freaks out of a women leaders for exactly the same reasons. They did 2,000 years. Ago so last week's episode. We looked at Cleopatra and this week. We're looking we're kind of going chronologically this season last season was kind of like random people not random, like people I chose but instead of put them in in order of I don't know the order that seem to work best. But this season I think what's going to work best is going chronologically so you can kind of see the development of how women leaders are seen and accepted and treated throughout several. Centuries of Western history and how so little has changed and it's all really depressing actually, but what's not depressing is skin delicious story. And today we're going to be looking at the story of agrippina the younger who is called that because her mother was also called agrippina agrippina The Elder was her mother and this takes place in ancient Rome. So agrippina was born November 6th in the year 15 like Plus. Is 15 so when we were looking at Cleopatra, she was in the before Common Era scenario agrippina is a bit later on. So just to sort of put us in the place in time. So Cleopatra was fighting against Emperor or the guy who would become Emperor Augustus AKA Octavian when he was sort of like in his teens / early 20s agrippina is the granddaughter granddaughter. Yes granddaughter. Of Augustus. So he was quite a lot older. So just kind of agrippina and Cleopatra were never alive at the same time, but they're not like so far apart that people in the story wouldn't have known Cleopatra and been around for that whole situation which you can hear about in last week's episode. So this week we are looking at agrippina. So her full name was Julia agrippina minor because and I have not done a lot of studying and research of ancient Rome. I kind of did it crash - course to prepare for this podcast episode but seems to me that everyone who is female an ancient Rome had the first name Julia but no one actually went by the name. Julia is kind of how it seems so she's mostly written about as agrippina. And I also want to mention that the main source I'm using for this podcast is the amazing biography of agrippina by Emma southen which is it's got two different titles. So in some markets, I think The UK the book is called agrippina Empress Exile Hustler whore in North America is got a much more tame title, which is agrippina the most extraordinary women of the Roman world. The book is amazing. It's very much kind of like I've never before read a history book that so much feels like something I myself could have written like in the best possible way. I feel such a kinship to this book the way that she puts in jokes and asides and like makes fun of his Doric Lee powerful men and just the very casual conversational way that it's written is amazing. I and it's also superbly well research. So I'm using this book as my source Jesus as her Source numerous people who were writing in ancient Roman times and you can read her full bibliography for what all of her sources are. But basically just bear in mind that all of the sources she use like all of the sources that exist about agrippina were basically And who really didn't like her and wanted to make her seem as awful as possible not on like Cleopatra. So some of the stuff in this story probably did happen. Some of it might be exaggerated. Some of them might be totally made up but just like imagine the word allegedly before almost everything. I'm about to tell you because we can't really go back in fact check, but there's some it's like we know when she was born we know when certain events happen, but a lot of it were just Kind of filling in the gaps based on what these men who hated her claimed had happened. So other than births and deaths the dates of everything is kind of like here's a story and you kind of get a sense of who she was and what she was like the details here or there. No one can ever truly verify really so okay agrippina Julia agrippina minor aka agrippina the younger was born November 6th in the year 15. She was the fourth surviving child and the First daughter born to two extremely important and popular Roman people. So her mother VIP sagna agrippina AKA agrippina The Elder was the daughter of two really important Roman people. Her father was Agrippa who is a really popular and important Statesman and her mother was Julia the Elder who was the daughter of Emperor Augustus. So agrippina is mother is descended through her mother to Emperor Augustus, which I guess makes XR agrippina the great-granddaughter of Augustus. So that's that's the spread of time. So I said grandfather before it's like everyone has the same names and are all married to each other. This is not the first mistake. I'm going to make regarding how people are related to each other because it's just like the family tree instead of a tree. It's just kind of like a bundle of sticks. There's just like thrown haphazardly on the ground like and then bundled back together. It's there's a lot of intermarrying but what is important here is you know, Effectively is that are a group Inna agrippina. The younger was descended very directly through her mother to Emperor Augustus who was super long-standing emperor of Rome. He was made God like everybody respected him super lat her father was named germanicus and he was the nephew of the person who's the emperor when the Story begins who is Emperor Tiberius who so basically, This is the uncle of our agrippina. So she's the niece of the current Emperor and she's also the great-granddaughter of famous Emperor Augustus basically, so she is descended on both sides from basically Emperor's even though there's still this thing in Rome where they're like, we're technically still a republic like we don't have one person who's the emperor. It's more just like he's elected and everyone just agrees to keep him the emperor Forever This Way, Pretend democracy again, not my area of expertise. But basically it's a situation where everybody loved Augustus everybody loved germanicus. So our agrippina and her sibling and group her whole family were just sort of beloved sort of like in a when they were little kids like William and Harry were beloved because Dianna was beloved like it's that same sort of thing, like people just reflect the popular parents on to the younger kids anyway, so her parents agrippina the Elder and germanicus where the it couple of Roman history at the time agrippina. The Elder was doing exactly what Roman much woman was expected and wanted to do and so everybody loved her for that. She was a wife. She was a mother she was devoted to both to build duties while germanicus was super handsome and a very successful military leader to the point that when he was born his name wasn't germanicus. His name got changed to germanicus in recognition of how well he did conquer. Parts of Germany for the Roman Empire and actually agrippina today's heroin was born while the whole family was in Germany for Invasion related reasons. She was born in a remote Outpost located on the Rhine River near modern-day Cologne Germany. So she was born in the battlefield basically to these very popular and successful parents. So the family headed back to Rome a little while later and germanicus was hailed as a hero in a major triumphant parade / Festival. So this is these parades it's not just like, you know, the Thanksgiving Parade or whatever. This is like days long Festival, like everybody came over like they paraded through everywhere like it was a massive celebration. So agrippina would be a little toddler seeing just exactly how much the city loved her whole family germanicus died. Just a few years later though seemingly of natural causes. But everyone in his story dies of maybe being murdered and he is one of them basically so he died and the city more and in like a massive scale like again sort of like Princess Diana's death scale just like mounds of flowers just like everybody like weeping like everyone was so devastated because he was so popular and so beloved and so he seemed like he maybe died of diseases because he was like traveling around a lot doing bad. Battles in a period of time well before antibiotics, but his wife agrippina. The Elder was pretty sure that he had probably been murdered by Tiberius who was both germanicus is uncle and also adoptive father. So his uncle father Emperor Tiberius. This is entirely possible. Who knows, but basically it also makes sense that agrippina the Elder would assume murder because basically her entire family had been murdered mostly by Each other like her brothers or parents or ends and uncles. I mean, it makes sense like to her like that's the normal way. Most people die is from inter-family murder. So what happened is that germanicus died while he was away and agrippina are our agrippina was a little kid staying in Rome with her her other little siblings and her mother sailed into town from being away with with her husband, and she did sort of like a Grief parade, so it's sort of like this sad version of the Tramp parade that happened before she reunited with her daughter agrippina and her other children and everybody like everybody in Rome was just like freaking out about germanicus being dead. He was like their number one favorite person. They were like pushing over a statues smashing dishes like screaming and these like grief riots like killing themselves, like everybody was was really affected by the death of Monica's and so agrippina our little agrippina who at this point was a little girl should have been again paraded through town seeing how everybody loved her father so much how she and her family were sort of special sort of different from everybody else in this really doesn't change too much over the course of this whole story which is like decades and decades basically the people of Rome loved her parents so much Ergo, they lived her and her siblings so much and she kind of saw herself as special and And different and better than everybody else and basically the way they treated like she kind of was anyway, so we move now into the phase of her life where she is a half orphan her father is dead, but she's being raised by sort of a squad of powerful women. So including her mother agrippina the Elder her father's Mother Antonia minor and her great-grandmother Livia Drusilla, who was the Widow of Augustus. And if you watch I Claudius the old Masterpiece Theater show and there's side note a new podcast just started called iPod areas where these two men are watching And discussing episodes of I Claudius and I'm really excited about it because I'm very into Roman history at the moment. Anyway Livia in I Claudius. This is just like ideal Roman woman again. She's a devoted wife and mother. She also seemed to have been really proficient at poison poisoning. Oil and murdering people and being ambitious and pretty badass. So basically agrippina this little girls being raised by these like very powerful women who had basically thrived as best as they could in the wildly murderous patriarchy that they'd all been born into and almost immediately agrippina got to watch her mother flexor power in in a number of different ways. So this is also just crucial so like she's a little girl and these formative events are basically being worshiped by All of Rome and watching her these influential women in her life sort of sidestep the fact that in ancient Rome women had no rights. They couldn't own land. They couldn't have their own money. They couldn't vote they were basically property. They couldn't go outside unless they were escorted by a male relative. They were I just keep thinking of it. I know I read this somewhere and I forget what it but basically landowners would own, you know a house and maybe some chickens and maybe some daughter. And maybe a wife and those were all sort of the same the same to them basically. So but agrippina was watching these three powerful women find their own way to to have power and to be powerful in a situation where that wasn't expected. So that was kind of to her that became normal that became what she figured out her life would be like as well. So the thing to bear in mind here, is that the Emperor who is her uncle Tiberius was Awful or no her great. No. Oh my God, this family tree great-uncle great uncle so the emperor is a great uncle. His name is syberius. He is was a really shitty Emperor and not in the way that other Emperor's were going to maybe talk about in the story were really shitty Emperor's but more in the sense of he just kind of pieced out of the whole thing. He was really serious and really stoic and had sort of hermit-like Tendencies to just run away and not want to engage with people and hide and not be Emperor a lot of the time which is a totally totally fine way for person to be if that's what you're like, but it's not the best way to be if you were the Roman Emperor at this point in time. So if you'll recall agrippina is Mother and others were pretty sure Tiberius had been responsible for the murder of germanicus who might have also designed of like, you know, getting a cut infected anyway, so Agrippina is Mother. Basically it was just like she blamed Tiberius for the death of her husband and she just sort of started running around and seizing as much power and influence if she could to try and Destroy Tiberius Walter beers to sort of hate away on an island not wanting to be Emperor basically and this was the next sort of 15 years. This sort of power play went on. So basically this comprised much of the childhood and young adolescents of agrippina the younger so So in the midst of all of this agrippina, the younger was married at aged 14 to a man named Naya's domitius ahenobarbus and that's three different words and his last name. He no barbarous means bronzebeard which means he had red hair and their son that she's going to have with him later also has red hair. So I'm just like as a red hair person myself. I'm always excited to encounter read her people and stories. Anyway, we're going to call her husband delicious because that is what most people called him back. Then he was about 20 years older than her which wasn't weird for that time. And we're place they are also related which wasn't weird either. They were distantly enough related that it wasn't a weird thing spoiler. She's going to later have another husband who's much more closely related and that was treated as weird. So delicious is mother was agrippina is great-grand Aunt Octavia, who was the sister of Augustus and The previous wife of Mark Anthony which just like bunch of boring people. He is an important person. He's a lot older than agrippina. And he also has is connected through blood relations to the Beloved Emperor Augustus. So basically they became the new it couple delicious was high-ranking official. He was extremely rich and he was also according to literally every Source whoever wrote about him a really heinous and awful. Person for instance one time he apparently killed a slave because the slave was less drunk than delicious was and that bothered him another time. He ripped out man's eye because he felt that the man had been rude to him. He also apparently would seduce and or assault most women he ever met with or without their consent. So basically he was awful agrippina was 14 and that is the husband that she landed with but basically she'd lived through a pretty chaotic 14 years so far and I'm sure that her her mother and her female relatives maybe give her some advice about how to not be murdered by this horrible person. She's married to and so basically so the feud between her mother and the emperor continued the whole thing was just like over-the-top melodramatic wildly interesting and we don't have time to get into all of it, but basically It culminates with the emperor runs away to Capri the island of Capri and never returns agrippina was accused of incest. Some people actually maybe had incest side note on incest, which is basically it was a thing that people in ancient Roman times seem to accuse each other of a lot not necessarily because it was happening a lot. But because it was kind of the grossest worst thing you could say about a person so there's just like a lot of people in the story are To be accusing a lot of other people of incest there probably wasn't actually that much incest happening. I'm guessing because it seems like it was such a social taboo that it was like accusing someone of it like destroyed their whole life or you wanted to store their whole life. So probably it wasn't a thing people were up to anyway, a lot of dramatic things happened agrippina is mother and her two older brothers had all at various points been sent into Exile put in prison and all three of them. I believe had add all died by Suicide to avoid being murdered by Tiberius. Basically, the only surviving family members agrippina had at this point where her brother Gaius who is off living in Exile in capri with Emperor Tiberius because he was maybe sort of his are and two other sisters Drusilla and Le Villa and then everything the next major plot was happens in the year 37 Tiberius finally died. And Edgar penis brother Gaius was named the new emperor Gaius was his his birth name, but you might know him better by his nickname which was little boots or as it is said in Latin Caligula. So Caligula was agrippina the younger brother and the oldest / only surviving boy in her particular branch of this very messy family tree. I guess this is just little site out on cool Aguila to explain kind of what's about to happen, which is just a lot of interesting things. So Caligula had spent some time in jail when their mother was sent to jail so Exile and then when she died he went to live with agrippina and his two other sisters Drusilla and live Villa in the care of the in the household of just like Mighty women in this like, oh, what's the thing called? Just this house of super-powerful badass women. Basically, it's sort of Steel Magnolias, but ancient Rome, So the thing is that so Tiberius Caligula is basically the guy who is going to be probably Emperor after him, but Tiberius was also really paranoid about someone trying to steal the throne away from him because everybody constantly was so is that paranoia when it's true anyway, so to keep Caligula from being able to emerge in like take over before Tiberius died /kill Tiberius Tiberius arranged it. So the Caligula would be treated. Like a little boy way longer than most people were then. So there's a whole thing. We're sort of like a bar mitzvah scenario were a little Roman boy would finally get his toga for the first time and when you get your Toga, there's like a toga ceremony and it's like at that point. It's like you are a man. I think you could like vote at that point and this happened when people were like, I don't know 14 15 16, but Caligula was not allowed to do this. He was sent to live with Tiberius on his like Island in Capri where Caligula stayed from ages 19 till 27 presumably he got his toga at some point in there but it's still very embarrassing and so he was raised away from Rome away from the Senate away from learning how to be the emperor away from learning how to be an adult person of which to say what happened during his Reign isn't entirely his own fault. He'd been kind of set up to fail in a lot of ways but at the beginning everybody in mom was really excited for Caligula to take over because no one had ever really liked Tiberius because he was not a very good Emperor what with the like running away and hiding all the time Caligula was still he was the son of germanicus. He was a daughter of agrippina the Elder he was the son from this beloved family that they had had all these parades for and so everyone was excited to have just like a young Emperor. Tiberius had been 77 when he died. So just like this new Young and You from this like beloved royal family. So Roma super excited. They welcomed him and his three sisters back to Rome basically and everyone thought everything kind of seems pretty great. But Caligula, even though he hadn't been raised being groomed to be the emperor know how to be a politician etcetera he knew from just growing up in this situation that people could take away your power at any moment and he needed to sort of find reasons for people to keep keep believing in him and for people to not turn on him. And so he knowing how popular his parents were in his family was so he sort of elevated his three sisters to be like look, it's me and my three sisters you loved her parents were these young cool people. So Caligula agrippina Drusilla and La Villa were sort of reminder of their father who everybody had loved but also of their ancestors Emperor Augustus and even Julius Caesar so they were just kind of like We have this bloodline, like look at us with his family. You love us Caligula had not married at this point. He didn't have his own children. So basically he needed his sister's there with him to present himself as like a family man sort of person. So he granted his three sisters the same rights as the Vestal virgins, which the Vestal virgins is a whole other thing. I don't entirely have the ability to explain to you right now. But basically they were women with they have the most rights of everybody in Rome. Did rights that other women didn't have basically they are able to make independent decisions about their lives without requiring the permission of a male relative their bodies were seen as sacred touching them was punishable with death. So Caligula gave those same rights to his three sisters, basically, no Roman women in history, including the wives and mothers of previous Emperor's had any had this amount of autonomy or power. So his three sisters were just like elevated to this extent that was had no Student basically every day at the start of senate or whenever somebody was introducing like a new bill or whatever into Senate the mint it's sort of like the Pledge of Allegiance where they say like, I promise to honor the emperor and also I think we should raise minimum wage or whatever so kalila change the wording of this over time people said that they had to say, I promise to honor the emperor and his three beloved sisters. So the three sisters were sort of they weren't present in Senate because women couldn't be there. But they were seen as almost basically equally as important as the emperor Caligula had coins made there's a lot of gleich big moves made vis-à-vis coins in the story. So he had coins made with his face and name on one side, which was like the normal thing usually on the other side of the picture of like a god who the emperor wanted to be like or picture of him like an action shot or something, but he put on the other side of the coin his three sisters posing like goddesses. And this was the first time that living Roman women had ever been put on coins dead. Roman women had been like people's beloved Dead Mothers and things and this is the first visual proof that agrippina herself was a person so she was a little tiny image on the back of a coin shared with her with her siblings. And then this is a podcast about agrippina not a podcast about Caligula perhaps he would be a good topic for a future episode of my patreon only. A spin-off podcast. So this asshole to get into all the messy stuff that he did but basically a bunch of stuff happened really quickly and we're just kind of looking at how it affected agrippina basically. So towards the end of Caligula's First Years Emperor several important things happened so firstly he fell ill of something and retreated from public life for several months. Everybody was really worried. He might die. He did not but he had to retreat for a bit agrippina gave birth to her. Child around this time. It was a son with red hair who she named basically the same name as her husband Lucius domitius ahenobarbus a few attempts were made while Caligula was recuperating during his illness other people try to take over and at this point Caligula began his ongoing habit of murdering people who he thought were trying to take over from him and around the same time a bunch. So it's sort of like the pr was flipping like At first it's like yeah this young man. We love him. We love his sister's because the parents were great. This is awesome. But then it started to seem like this Caligula guys. Maybe not quite as awesome as we had thought but also people at this point were like, oh we want to usurp him and have somebody else take over instead. So how can they ruin his name rumors of incest. So rumors started to to spread around the Caligula and was having sex with his sisters and he didn't help calm these rumors down by Behaving increasingly radically and losing his shit an awful lot. So he did stuff like smashing Pottery replacing governors of important colonies randomly with random people running away like Tiberius to just like meditate by himself on an island. Stop shaving his beard and basically murdering anyone who looked at him funny. So he became little little bit of a tyrant Tyrant type issue happening and for reasons, we don't know because cuz unfortunately the records we have the mentioned agrippina don't mention this detail in the ER 39 Caligula exiled his sister agrippina for conspiring against him along with her other sister Olivia Le note that the third sister Drusilla had died one year before this happened which might be part of what caused Caligula's psychological breakdown anyway, so there's two sisters left agrippina and the villa and Caligula just exiled in both because he thought they were scheming against And this is a whole complicated thing. We don't need to get into to understand the effect of on agrippina as life. But basically the plot was that agrippina her sister and her sisters husband were well firstly Caligula was like and they're all having sex with each other incest and also he accused that they were trying to raise an army to try and remove him from power and at this point it's like who could blame them if they were trying to do that. He was not doing the best of jobs. So at this point also Caligula had his own son, which was maybe agrippina was a bit jealous or nervous about that because she had her own son, and she really wanted her son to become the next Emperor. But Caligula son would maybe become emperor instead. So some tension between the two of them also agrippina was really smart and knew what she was doing Caligula did not know what he was doing. So agrippina at this point is age 24, and she sent an exile, but it's Like, oh no living in like a little prison tent or whatever. She's living in a luxury Villa on the island of Pancha. She had a household of slaves a personal bodyguard and just kind of had a year to I mean it would have upset her obviously to be away from Rome unable to scheme and able to know what people are saying about her knowing that at any second her brother could change his mind and kill her but also she had some time to just like make some plans and just like practice her swimming and I'm not joking. Because we learned later she was a really good swimmer. So I think she's probably practicing her swimming but then in the year 41, so I think she was there for about a year or so Caligula was assassinated. It seems like that's how most people stop being emperor in my limited research at this point. Anyway Glee you died of murder and their Uncle Claudius was named the new Roman Emperor. So Claudius was the brother of their father. Germanicus, so he basically did a military coup and usurped power and then went back and was like delete from the historical record the events of this past two days. So that happened and then it was kind of like and one day Claudius was the emperor and Caligula was dead. That's weird who knows what happened? And so when what else seemed to happen a lot too is when a new person took over as Emperor, especially in this violent sort of way. They would undo what their predecessor had done to try and show like look, Different I'm changing the way things are so one of the first things Claudius did was he released agrippina from Exile and invited her to join him back in Rome. So she came back to Rome basically and what happened next is that so she's 25 years old. She is reunited with her son who hadn't been in Exile with her. So, I'm sure that was very upsetting for her. So her son was four years old. She was 2500 and her husband also died. So she was also a widow as well and just quick side note about Claudius is that he was 50 years old had barely held any political positions before he seems to have had some sort of like quirky personality traits that the people in Rome didn't much care for and also might have had some physical disabilities. He apparently had a limp he would like drool sometimes maybe like so If you watch I Claudius which again, it's a great and interesting way to learn all of these crazy rumors. He everybody in I Claudius assumed he was an idiot because he had a stutter and a limp, but actually he was the smartest of them all. That's when I Claudius in real life. I don't know if he was actually secretly super smart, but he was definitely underestimated and had some sort of physical things going on with his body that made people not respect him as much as others, but he was the emperor so fuck you. Basically Claudius was really suspicious of everybody which makes sense because he himself had just killed his nephew in a military coup and everyone his whole life was always killing each other. So the only people he trusted were his own freed slaves like former people who were former enslaved people who he had freed and won his freedom n so he said of elevated them to be his advisers and his Members or other people he trusted and then again and he had a new wife who he trusted which is like oh God. Okay. So his new wife was a teenager named messalina and she had had a son named britannicus who became the emperor's everyone assumed that would be probably the next Emperor after Claudius which again agrippina would be like they wanted my son to be the next Emperor then messalina had this son. Oh and he was named britannicus because Claudius was was the one he was the emperor of the time that Rome invaded Britain and started colonizing over there. So the son's name at first wasn't Britannica. Some is change. The Britannic is sort of like a group in his father's name was changed dramatically as after he conquered some areas over there. Oh and then also Claudius pretty shortly after taking over executed agrippina is only remaining sibling her sister Le Villa for the usual random reasons, basically, Aiming potential adultery to knows at this point but basically agrippina age 26 the only surviving member of her entire family basically, both of her parents were dead. All of her brothers are dead with her four sisters were dead. She was still alive and I don't think that's an accident because she just really knew her shit and she knew what she was doing. So she took a new husband after she came back to Rome and her new husband had an even longer name in the first husband. He's he's four names Gaius Celestia's Crispus pacientes. He was vaguely related to her because everybody is vaguely related to everybody else is sort of like the Kardashian Jenner's they did pull thing Foster's in a way anyway, so her new husband will call him Christmas. I'm just choosing one of his four names that's easiest for me to pronounce. So he was her former brother-in-law meaning he had been previously married to agrippina has first husband's sister. Which I think makes him the least actually related to her out of all of her husband's spoiler. He sounds like a total upgrade personality-wise from her first husband in the sense of who is like a pretty straight up guy. He's known for making jokes getting along with everybody the fact that no one had murdered him to this point spoke. Well of him as a person he's not known for ripping out the eyes of people who look at him funny, but he was a step down for agrippina in the sense of he was not as important. As her first husband and he was also friends with Claudia. So the whole thing was kind of like the emperor just like giving his friend a gift which was marriage to his niece. But also it was sort of like Claudius wanted to use some of agrippina still left over a rock star popularity. Like her whole family had been murdered / killed themselves, / like defend the family was still so beloved. And I think that was a lot of always keeping agrippina from being murdered at this. Point so Claudius just wanted to hit himself close to her a star but also he didn't want her to get too powerful because she could maybe usurp him and maybe her son would take over everyone is just suspicious of everybody else for great reasons murder murder reasons. So Claudius literally got agrippina out of his way by sending her and her husband off to Asia where they lived as a year Well Crispus served as the governor they return to Rome and a couple of very suspicious things happen such as pacientes. Sorry Christmas her husband wrote a new will then made agrippina the sole beneficiary of his estate and then he suddenly died and if this was an episode of Murder She Wrote we'd all be like, okay, like you change your will to leave it all to your wife and then you die is like she probably killed him. I mean, right right, but basically Crispus got a Public funeral another like Triumph March Etc. Agrippina got to be in yet another parade this time, but now she's 28 which is just like so young what an eventful life. She's a double Widow. She's a single mother. She's the only living descendant of Julius Caesar and Augustus and everybody still still just fucking loves her basically and then five years pass. So there's rumors that she killed her husband. So she She could marry someone else but she didn't marry someone else. That's where it's like did she kill her husband? Unclear she's gonna maybe kill some other people. So this is where people are tracking back and maybe trying to see where where she started practicing murders. But anyway, five years passed during this time. She was maybe hanging out like in one of the other Villas that she had inherited from her rich dead husband may be practicing her swimming some more and Basically during these five years claudius's wife. Messalina went from being a teenager to being 20 and she sort of took over as the number one most talked about Roman woman and I can't avoid talking about messalina because this is it affects agrippina. But also it's just like, oh my God, so messalina was the third wife of Claudius. She was 18 when she married him when he was 50 when he was the emperor. She was also in some random way descended from Augusta. Des Etc which made her a good way for Claudius because she was more directly descended from them. And the whole thing was everybody like you were more Beloved the more directly to send it to her from Augustus basically, so they had a daughter named Octavia their son britannicus there hadn't been messalina and agrippina feuded a lot. I think largely because they both really wanted their own Sons to become the emperor. But also they're just like both really opinionated strong-minded women. They both really ruthless. There was a lot of scheming similar to agrippina a lot of stuff written about almost everything right about messalina. Actually, it was written after her death and it was sort of defamatory because of people saw what happened to her but also because she had a lot of enemies so there's a lot of sexy scandals about her like that. She had that she lived in a in a whorehouse and like was a sex worker and Like challenged another sex worker to a contest to see who could have sex with the most men in a row and like lots of stuff is included in I Claudius the miniseries if you want to watch that how much of it is true? I don't know but what the weirdest story about her is the one that is true, which is basically she had a lover who is not her much older husband. And when Claudius was out of town messalina decided to marry her lover in a public ceremony, so it's not Secret sexy marriage it was like everyone knew about it Claudia's obviously found out about it and had her executed along with eight men suspected of helping her out and like why in the the biography of agrippina the 1 by m s so then she sort of theorizes. It's almost like a slow-motion suicide like messalina would have known that this wasn't going to turn outs. Like what was she doing? I don't know but Claudius had her name erased from all historical records and monuments like It never existed sort of like how when he took over in a military coup. He had all records of those two days deleted Claudius was just all about erasing public record. Anyway less than three months later Claudius to canoe wife who was agrippina who is yes his niece. So that's what happened despite. The fact that people in here were marrying their leg second cousin once removed or like someone who they share a great great grandmother with like For an uncle to marry a nice was basically as fucked up in ancient Rome as it would be if someone did that now everyone thought it was weird inappropriate gross because remember this is a culture where when you really wanted to say something bad about somebody else you would accuse them of incest like incest was like the worst thing you could accuse somebody of and this like was incest. So if we set aside the fact that they're related Let's just look at like how does this make sense as a match basically. So Claudius age 59 agrippina is what like 32 I think so she she was a descendant of Augustus, which is always a benefit Claudius wanted to Ally himself with that families as possible. She was also still very popular because of her super popular parents and everybody remembered that her son was also more directly descended from Augusta. In claudius's son was so he would maybe that could be a selling point as well. She's also rich and smart very capable and clearly a really cool person. And what was in it for her was that will she be the wife of the emperor which basically elevates hurt as much power as she could possibly get she'd always grown up with the sense that she was better than everyone and destined for great things and this might have seemed like basically her best chance to like seized on to that and get the power that she felt like she she deserved for who she was it would also she would assume cement the future for her son and she had always been sort of like Margaret Beaufort was in The Tudor era just like she was all about clearing the way so her son could have as much power as possible. So and also Claudius was older than her so she might think, you know be married to him for a bit, but then eventually I'll hopefully be the emperor's mother which was also a still a pretty powerful position or it could be it had been four other people before her. basically, it wasn't legal like it was illegal for an uncle and Annie's to get married because incest reasons, but Claudia said have manipulated the Senate to change the law to allow this weird gross marriage to happen and he did it in such a way that almost seems like the Senate ended up being like please Claudius won't you marry her and it was whatever they got married on January 1st in the year 49, but even though the live been Everyone like I just want to emphasize it wasn't like it wasn't like with the Cleopatra story where it's just like brothers and sisters got married, whatever. That's just what happened. Like in Rome. This is like really fucking weird. Claudius is former best friend. Salon has killed himself the day of the wedding to sort of make a point that this was like really fucking gross thing to do, but get married they did and then three things happened quite quickly, which were that Claudius formerly it. Protect your penis son changed his name to Nero and married Nero off to claudius's daughter Octavia. So it's like a double marriage like the two parents got married and then their kids got married to each other and it's just a big ol incest bath bomb. I don't know agrippina demanded that man named Seneca who is a famous sort of philosopher person who had been exiled by Caligula agrippina demanded that he be returned to be Nero's new tutor because he was like the smartest person and she want the best tutor for her son and a woman named Lilia Paulina was accused of Witchcraft sent into Exile and died this part. I'm going to explain a bit. Why does that matter? So Lo Lea Paulina was a woman who had been briefly married to Caligula. He had several wives. He kept getting bored of them and getting new wives when Claudius was looking for a new wife after the whole. Messalina. Scenario Lilia, Paulina had been suggested as maybe a Woman that he could marry but he of course married his niece instead and this is again where it's like allegedly did agrippina conspire to kill Lilia Paulina to remove his arrival for her uncle / husband may be basically but this is sort of another rumored person that perhaps agrippina was responsible for killing. Anyway after one year of marriage Claudius had agrippina he Gave her the title Augusta. So remember Octavian became Augustus. So Augusta was a title that kind of bent not quite Empress, but basically a huge honor agrippina was only The Third Woman in history to be given this title and it was the first time that the title is given to the living wife of the current Emperor. So this title had been previously given to the mother of the emperor and a dead mother of them another Emperor. I think basically this I meant that she was more or less unequal standing with Claudius the emperor no woman in Western history had ever had this much power before in terms of like her role in the in the Empire and how big the empire was basically she also didn't just she was involved in things like she was an active figure who sat beside her husband during business meetings, like she helped run things. She wasn't just like decorative like she was actually in there getting shit done for Instance in the year 50 she founded New Roman colony in the place near where she had been born in Germany. So the city or the colony was originally called Colonia Claudia ARA I grew up in in cesium, which is a long name. And so people started calling at Colonia a grip immense IAM then later just Colonia and now it's called cologne and it's still a city in Germany. So she was the patron of this colony and it was a place where like retired military people would go to live and she You know paid money to improve things there install, you know, the Roman famous sewage systems Etc. The the Romans lived apparently like pretty multiculturally with the indigenous you be people who were in the area already and it was a successful Little Colony and then more coin related news. So she was placed in the coin opposite her husband in the year 50, so when she had been in the coin with Aguila on one side. It was her and her sisters on the other side and but this time it was her and Claudius. It has kind of like the two faces both facing the same way. His face was in front and hers was behind but she was on the front of a coin. So that's the first time ever a woman had been on a coin like that. She also commissioned statues made in her likeness that were wearing a diadem which is a specific kind of crown / Tiara that no living Roman woman had ever been shown to we're in a piece of art so she It's just like ensuring that like artistically culturally like an every possible level like people reminded all the time. She was really fucking important. So the next three years continued more of the same and till Caligula died in the year 54 and an awful lot of people suspected that agrippina had murdered him. Why was that so partially it's sort of the messalina thing again where people she had enemies knees and so the enemy is like to spread rumors about her that weren't true that made her look bad because they wanted her to have less power. So and especially like her agreeing to shade so much power so much power. No woman had ever had this much power before it really bothered a lot of men so she had a lot of enemies and so they were spreading rumors about stuff like agrippina was too masculine that she was having sex with lots of men like she was a whore she was scheming too much. She wanted to destroy the Roman Empire. etc etc basically but also a lot of people were murdering a lot of people so anytime somebody died like if the Emperor died it's sort of like if your first guess is he was murdered you're probably right basically licking it statistically so Claudius was 63 years old when he died and he had been sick he had various medical conditions seemingly but also it sounds like so there is a woman called Low Costa who had was a a poisoner she had been in jail so she was a convicted poisoner so Sino done lucasta so she was apparently a woman who's born in present-day France was a peasant she became a master botanist and herbalist and quickly deduced that roam with all the nefarious Deeds being carried out by the aristocracy was a place to make her Fortune as a master poisoner so she became so well-known for his skill that she was identified as just low custody Poisoner so she was arrested twice for poisoning people, but she was arrested as their time and agrippina actually is the one who released her but agrippina said like I'll release you but you need to also do me a favor and that favor is you need to help me poison my husband Uncle the emperor to death. So the problem is that so they wanted to poison him to death Claudius really like mushrooms. So but he had a food taster obviously because everybody was trying to kill everybody all the time. So what they did was low Costa made sure that the personal assistant the food taster was busy that day agrippina would distract Claudius with lots of wine. So he won't notice that his food taster is not there and then they serve mushrooms which were his most favorite thing to eat. Basically, he started having physical symptoms of poisoning allegedly a doctor was with summoned to help with the To save him but look Costa and what they were doing was in a time before it what's called ipecac so they stuck a feather down his throat to make him throw up but look Custer had already put poison on the feather and he died and that's an amazing story. So he also could have died of natural causes who knows there's another version of this event that Claudius ate the mushrooms and then and felt sick. So then to agrippina offered him some porridge. To try and settle his stomach but there was poison in the porridge as well one way or another the emperor had died and no one could find his will again. It's like an agrippina related story aware. It's like what no one can find the will that's not suspicious at all, but she was like, don't worry. He told me what he wants and he wants Nero to become the next Emperor instead of britannicus and everyone was like, okay, so she was now three times a widow and now the mother of the emperor and the emperor was Nero, so where things are complicated here is that basically she was amazing she got everything she ever wanted but the problem is that her son was really shitty so it's very much like Cersei and Joffrey and Game of Thrones in the sense of like agrippina was so smart so clever she would have been amazing Emperor on her own but it was a society in which that was not possible so instead she has to sit and watch her son be an asshole and ruin everything basically so 0 age 16 was the new emperor and unlike Caligula or even Claudius he'd actually been taught how to do this from a very young age having grown up in Rome being taught what to do he had alliances with like army people and other people like he's in pretty good position but the problem is that he actually wanted to be an actor slash singer and not Emperor so personality-wise it was not great fit and and for the first little while agrippina was sort of unofficially like his Regent so he was 16 you know he had his toga he was a man but she had done a really good job sort of running things with Claudius if you look at Claudius is Ray and actually on almost everything you can measure things just got better once he married agrippina so it seems like she was able to kind of jump in and just handle the books better just like her help was really helpful so I think she thought she could kind of do the same stuff for Nero who is still just a little kid and for the first little while they are always together like when he made an appearance somewhere she be with him just like she'd been with Claudius so she also suggested that she be allowed to attend Senate meetings which not like in person that's crazy she's a woman but she asks like if she could stand behind a curtain and like listen in on the Senate meetings which was more than any woman had been able to do before and before this what she had to do was rely on second the second hand information about who it said what and what went on but now she could actually like listen it and then there was more coins drama she had some new coins commissioned so this time like she'd sure the one with Claudius where they're both facing the same way but his face was on top the new coin said she had done was her and Nero on the front of the coin facing each other so both of their faces were there in full so again like she just kept breaking new ground for like women having power it was all And I don't mean this in like she should have done more like but it was all very self-serving like she wanted herself to have this power. She wasn't like I want to make it so the women who follow me we'll also have all these advantages like that wasn't her deal at all. She wasn't like climbing up a ladder and then helping other women up the letter. She was just like me. I want this power for me and unfortunately is it to note is that a lot of the power that she had was based on like understandings and people assuming things Not actually having laws written or changed for her which meant spoiler when it all started to come undone. Like she didn't have any ground to stand on because it was all just kind of like threw her force of will and personality. She like made some stuff change but like the laws didn't actually change so she set herself up is kind of like she was a wife and a mother but she never ever presented herself. Like her mother had been or like Livia had been who is kind of like, I'm this good Roman woman who just like stays at home. And loves being a wife and mother and I'm like secretly scheming in the background. She was like scheming out loud in front of everybody. She presented herself as kind of like not traditionally feminine. So she didn't present herself as a man, but also not as a woman. She was just kind of like I am basically a goddess and people acted like she was until one day she started being treated like a woman and everything started to fall apart. So the first major blow was she went in to join me. In a meeting with some foreign delegations and Nero she went to sit next to him which was like even a bold move for her. I'm usually should have sat like beside or like behind Claudia's but you want to sit right next to narrow and narrow basically stopped her and made her and walked over to a different seat further away from him. So that was like humiliating her in front of this foreign delegation and everybody else and it was like through body language and major statement about her loss of power. Nero fell in love with a woman named act a and agrippina wasn't a fan of the relationship and they had a big fight about it and Nero is sort of sort of a fuck you to her send her a gift of some jewels and a New Dress which was kind of like his way of saying like hey, you're just a woman here are some woman things mind your own business and especially because agrippina wasn't a person who is ever interested in like dresses or Jewels or being flashy or low. Cherie things so apparently in response. She said something like I gave him the Empire and he gave me a dress which is like, uh, put that on a poster Sons suck. I mean sometimes sohn Suk. So he also narrow brought in lucasta again to help him murder his stepbrother / cousin britannicus who was the son of Claudius because he saw nearly suppertime. Atticus is a threat is somebody who could maybe become emperor instead of him, which is like it's sort of a shitty thing Nero did but also like everyone is killing everyone. It's not that different. But basically he was just clearing the way for himself to have ultimate power and part of that was he expelled agrippina from the palace and made her go live elsewhere. So they were just sort of back and forth fighting about a bunch of random things and one day agrippina basically went in four-story instructor Nero and we don't know what happened in this like closed-door meeting but at the end of this they clearly reached some sort of understanding and based on how stable the government went after this it seems like the agreement might have been agrippina will just like secretly run things behind the scenes but she won't make public appearances or let anyone know that she's doing that because the next set of four years were okay for her Nero started he put on plays made everybody listen to him sing sing made everybody clap for him and was just sort of like little baby Caligula Tyrant type person Nero fell in love with a woman named papaya Sabina who has her own interesting story we can talk about another day but basically at around the same time he got involved with her Nero decided it was time to murder his mother so some of the rumors are that papaya was jealous of agrippina because of like incest reasons but also maybe she just kind of see how smart agrippina was or maybe Papa I didn't give a shit we don't know but basically Nero started hanging out with this woman named papaya and around the same time he decided to try and kill his mother so couple things so agrippina was friends with La Costa and knew about poisons herself and so just like that guy in Princess Bride she it turns out she had been secretly dosing herself with small amounts of poison for a really long time just to make herself like immune to all of them so apparently Nero tried to poison her but it didn't work because she was immune to all poisons which is just kind of like love that for her Nero knew that he couldn't just send in the Army to stab her because she was still still so popular is the daughter of germanicus and Germanic has it been this great Army leader and so the Army might not listen to those orders and do that so Nero who is also just like huge drama queen literally drama queen he had seen play that had a prop boat with like a false floor in it and he was like What if we build an actual version of that boat with the lake trapdoor in it get agrippina on the boat and then she like drowns because the boat trap door opens when she's like in open water which is a ridiculous plan but it's in every source and so it seems to be like this is what he wanted to do so he invited his mother to come and visit him at a villa that he had to take a boat to get to agrippina was like I see what you're up to to and she refused to take his off of a boat instead took her own boat up to meet him and they dinner together and somehow Nero I guess using his like acting skills pretended like he didn't want to kill her to the point that at the end of the dinner she agreed to take his special boat back home as per the plan part of the boat collapsed when they were in the middle of the water and the ship started to sink but this is where agrippina being a great swimmer pays off and she's able to swim back to shore Actually, she arrived back at the Villa people applauded because they're like, oh my God agrippina our beloved agrippina almost died, but she didn't look at her. She's an amazing swimmer. We love her so much the daughter of germanicus. So she had a messenger send a message back to Nero saying that she was still alive. Did she know that he had tried to kill her? I mean probably at this point, but she said the note was just basically like guess what fooled you again people were just like like weeping and praying all around her house like again, I just do only comparison I can think of from contemporary anything is like Princess Diana's death, like people are just so grateful that she hadn't died. But what happened is that later that night when she was in bed soldiers came marching up and they had sort of fake charges from Nero. So Nero claimed agrippina tried to kill him and the soldiers came into murderer. Basically, she tried to talk them out of it. she tried to talk them out of it but they word having none of that and basically her final Act is that she flung open her robe to reveal her womb saying like stab me here like if you really from my son and then they did and then she died aged 44 so agrippina she achieved more individual power than any Roman woman before her and no other Roman woman would for basically another hundred years when the 3rd Century Syrian matriarchy came along and these were three Roman Noble women who wound up being able to who are pretty awesome people themselves they're called Julia Domina Julia so Amy has and Julia mamaia and they wound up having getting similar levels of power but basically agrippina is kind of it for a while shortly after she died and that's the story of agrippina so again I just want to shout out my main source of information about this the reason I even started learning about agrippina was because I read this book or fee which is amazing so it's the biography of agrippina by Emma southen which I recommend heartily you can read it as a book you can also read it on audible.com which is my little sponsor so if you go to audibletrial.com/preneurcast history you can look up of eating at your free trial and maybe your free trial could be reading and the Southlands biography of Pina which I read as an audiobook and which is really fun to read in that way actually write it as an audio book / as a book book I was kind of bouncing back and forth It's really really good and now it is time and now it is time for us to score her so there's four four metrics that we score people on for vulgar history and the first is skin deliciousness so there's a number of things here for Scandal agrippina we've got the just a whole family situation that's not her specifically but she's growing up in this world family situation we've got the marrying her uncle we've got the maybe poisoning her husband to death we've got the maybe poisoning her uncle husband to death we've got the maybe killing of other people like the Licious nastas of her scandals I think he's quite hi I'm going to give her I think a 9 the next category is scheming us hmm this is like flat-out 10 like she she's schemed like she's scheming behind the scenes someone she got more power she was scheming out in public by like making things like the new rules so she could hide behind the curtain and listening to the Senate like she was I feel like even in her sleep she was scheming just like so much so much scheming the next measure is significance and this is tricky because she was very significant in her time she herself didn't a pave the way for other people so she didn't really in that sense but also but also in terms of the significance of because of her basically her she's the reason why Nero became the emperor he wasn't a good emperor in fact I believe he was the last emperor of the giulio claudian dynasty but the fact that she was basically instrumental and making her son be Emperors pretty significant this is tricky I think I'm going to give her hmm I feel like a six a six person against and the final category is sexism this is where the bonus basically how much how much more could she have achieved if she was a man like how much did her gender affect what she did in life and I mean in every conceivable way really she would have been a great emperor if a woman could be an emperor but she couldn't be an emperor but she kind of didn't let that stop Help her but then I kind of did her in at the end tricky for her with the sexism. She gets used a lot in spite of sexism. So it's not like sexism held her back. It's turkey. I'm going to give her a 6 6 for sexism. So that's 31 that is agrippina takes the lead. I mean not that it's a contest but just in terms of like who scores the highest on his four metrics. She's the first over 31 so last we to Cleopatra she was 28 from season one. Elizabeth Bathory is 29 but agrippina 31 kind of proud of her and so that's agrippina the younger my God. Okay. So just a couple of things to say to wrap things up. So again, if you want to support the show and also listen to a cool book, if you go to audibletrial.com/preneurcast history sign up for a trial with Audible and some of that that help support us financially a little bit and so then's biography of agrippina is a book that I think would be great great choice to listen to you can also if you want to just straight-up support me and this podcast and the other reading I'm doing patreon.com slash and Foster writer and you can find us on Instagram at vulgar history pod Twitter at vulgar history and thank you so much for listening in oh and I mentioned it before but imagine again so if you do want to patreon I do have a spinoff if podcast there that's patreon only so this asshole which is where I look at the stories of some of the men who happen to be involved in the lives of the women that we talked about on vulgar history there is as of the time of this recording there is two episodes up there and I think more I feel like I feel like kilakila and possibly Nero also maybe even Claudius like they could each have their own little episode of that as well but anyway thank you so much for listening and I will talk to you all next time