Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the YouTube channel for your viewing and listening pleasure. In addition to that hit the notification icon. That way you will be notified when we stream live or we upload bonus content, whatever. It happens to be so great opportunity to participate in our online community. We have a great chat room that is active during the live streams of the program. Like I said, we have a bunch of backup. Episodes there for you as well conversely if you're do watch in any other fashion YouTube or otherwise check out the podcast version of Beyond reality that is available on every major podcast platform. It's actually Beyond reality paranormal. It's very easy to find Apple podcast Google podcasts all of the major podcast platforms and you could subscribe that way. It's automatically downloaded to your smart device and you're on a trip you're commuting you're on the train, whatever. Happens to be you can listen and get caught up with the show. It's a great way to do that. Please support the program go to patreon.com slash Johor that joh. Aw. Hey gang JV here. Have you discovered Spotify yet on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and on Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode also. Premium users can download episodes to listen offline no matter where you are. You can also easily share what you're listening to with your friends right on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app on your device and search for Beyond reality paranormal on Spotify or you can browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Beyond reality paranormal. So once again tonight we're talking with Tim Cohen Tim has written several books. We were talking. About the book North Korea Iran in the coming World War and now we're going to turn our attention to the Antichrist and a cup of tea Tim you wrote this book in 1998. There's a new edition coming out. What made you write this one? Actually, I began this one while I was good at still ours Academy 1987. Yeah, and so that's really where it began. I was less than a year as a Believer at that point and I had finally read through the New Testament, oh a little more than 2 x 2 plus X will say and a portion of the Old Testament and as I was reading the book of Revelation again one time there at the Academy between classes. I came across this strange imagery again in Revelation 13 where it talks about a beast with feet like a bear body like a leopard mouth like a lion to whom a dragon in this case of fiery red dragon identified as Satan and scriptures gives his power throne and great Authority, you know and then goes on to talk about a man being represented by this symbolism whose name calculates to 666 and I thought okay weird imagery, you know God what is this about and I prayed I ask God to show me who and what this was talking about because obviously there's no creature like that in nature and within a month JV of having a literally prayed and ask God to show me I had in my hands the coat of arms that is on the front cover of the Antichrist a cup of tea and at that time, you know, 1987 only one other book just one other book in the whole world had they could have arms in it and that was who tells her Audrey and it happened to be that this small book shelf of books on heraldry the that library at the Academy just happened to have that one book on heraldry and the coat of arms. Was in it. So at any rate, I found out pretty quickly the Lord led me to it that the imagery literally exists and it has existed since 1969, which is when it was first unveiled to the world. So it is the calling card if you will of the individual who is actually foretold to be the Antichrist and scripture and that means that that person the prince of Roman lineage is alive today. And so I knew this while I was stilled Academy and I thought man if this is real then we can't have that long. And of course at that time, I hadn't yet done my volume on biblical chronology that is in another series of books of mine called Messiah history in the tribulation period which I'm still completing. I began that at the Academy also that's getting close, but I hadn't done the chronology yet. And so I had no idea, you know how long we really had to the Lord's return to the second Advent of Christ and I You know if the Antichrist is alive now and this evidence says he is then maybe it would behoove me to leave the academy. So I actually quit six months before graduation. I was close to graduation and left the academy to do nothing but focus on getting these books done and even then it took 11 years almost to get the first edition of the Antichrist and a cup of tea out and now I'm completing the second edition. So you have the coat of arms. You hadn't done the chronology yet. But what is the chronology tell us if the Antichrist is walking among us today? What does that mean for this biblical clock? Well, when we talk about chronology, there are people even in church today who will say, you know, Christians have been saying forever. You know that Jesus could come back at any time. And for that reason not taking claim. Seriously when Christians say, you know, we're getting close. The last days the global stage is set for the Fulfillment of Bible prophecy and Armageddon and all the rest that precedes it people don't take that seriously because of misapplied chronologies by and large historically. So we have a situation for example, where in the 5th 6th Century timeframe Adu had an expectation and Christian writings that Christ's return had to be very near but most people don't understand today. Why that expectation was in place and then a thousand years later around the time of the Protestant Reformation same thing again, only, they switched the expectation because at that time they were thinking Roman Catholic Church was that we were nearing the end of the year sixth, excuse me, 7,000 on the biblical chronology. That's what they thought and therefore the Eternal State the new heavens and new earth should come but it didn't and so the Protestant Reformation happened and again chronology was discredited. And then with the Protestant Reformation people started to look toward the year 2000 and all of that JV had to do with chronology. So what happened in the early church was they were relying upon the chronology in the Septuagint, which is a Greek translation of the Hebrew Old Testament and what they didn't realize those who didn't speak Hebrew which was most of the church pretty soon, you know after the church was formed they didn't realize that the chronology was mistranslated. It and the Septuagint it was off by nearly 1,500 years. So when they were getting to the early 6th Century ad they believed they were nearing the your 6000 on the chronology and based on tradition rabbinic tradition and scripture. They believe that that meant that Christ a thousand year reign as a millennial Kingdom had to begin very soon and that the Antichrist therefore had to be very soon and in their day, you know soon to appear. None of that happened and what happened when it didn't occur is the Roman Catholic Church said, okay the thousand year reign of Christ must not be literal, you know his Millennial Reign must be something that's spiritual and accomplished instead among Mankind through the church. And so they thought okay, the church is going to rain in Christ's stead for the next thousand years and that's how the millennial kingdom is actually going to occur. And of course you had other Christian saying no, that's apostasy that can't be what the scripture means and so this argument may you know occurred and lasted for a long time and then a thousand years later when on that same chronology that were thinking okay, we're nearing the end of the thousand year reign the Eternal state must be near. Or add the new heavens and new earth must be near. You know, what you read about occurring at the end of The Book of Revelation when that didn't happen the Protestant Reformation occurred. We're talking early 16th century down and they went back to the Hebrew chronology the original chronology and on the original chronology were actually nearing the Earth 6,000 now and so you have an expectation in the Protestant church and among those who are familiar with chronology that we must be getting close to Christ thousand year reign, and we know from prophecy and scripture that the Great Tribulation and World War 3 and so forth proceed Christ a thousand year reign. So these things must be on the near Horizon and all of that is significant because now for the first time ever in history, there's actually a human being alive who has the literal imagery that even Christians didn't think was literal. The literal imagery of Revelation 13 associated with him and whose name and title does actually calculate to six six six and not on some contrived system, but on the actual biblical numbering system. So there's a lot of things that are happening now that have never been true historically before that says Okay, we've got this chronology that indicates it should be soon. But now we've got more than just that it says it has to be soon. We've got someone Alive Now who can fulfill the scriptures to be the Antichrist? You've done a lot of work in looking through the scripture and trying to determine who this person might be and you've reached conclusions. Well say I didn't determine you know, I asked God to show me who and what was being spoken of in that chapter and to be perfectly honest. This was a point in my life where history was born. The only reason history ever became interesting to me as a person was because of scripture and because I had become a Christian and to try to understand the past to You know what? I was learning about today and this world and what's coming in the future. And in that context. I knew nothing JV at that time back in 1987 about royalty, you know say the Royal houses of the world or the histories of any royal family Etc. Nothing of that and God basically dropped in my lap. I'll say the coat of arms the imagery and all that's there in Revelation 13 the name calculation and other things that I haven't mentioned. And yet but other things that are all addressed in scripture to say, okay, here's the person that these things are talking about he's alive now and so I didn't actually have to figure it out instead. God showed me who it was and I had to from that point research that individual and flesh out the information that then went into the first edition of the Antichrist and a cup of tea. How are you presented with the coat of arms? Was I meant to initially was it a mental image or did you do were you directed to something? I was directed. So, you know I had I'm a Hebrew Christian, right? So that's means I'm an Israelite Christian. I actually am a Cullen by birth my mother in that whole side of my family came out of Egypt during the 1956 Suez Canal conflict that involved Israel and Egypt and so on. As Jewish refugees with just the clothes on their back. Basically, they had been a very wealthy family in Egypt and the Egyptian government confiscated everything took everything and let them flee with their lives basically and they went through Europe and then eventually made their way to the United States and I, you know becoming a Christian at the Air Force Academy in that home church, then got connected by some of the pastor's there at the Academy Cadet chaplains with Jews for Jesus. Isn't from there got connected with a Messianic congregation to Colorado Springs, which I began to attend. In other words the congregation that had some other Israelite Believers like myself and in that church one day the assistant pastor who was a fellow who at that time worked for Martin Marietta doing classified work. I presented an unofficial version of this coat of arms that's on the cover of my book. He didn't have the official one. And presented a name calculation that was popped out of a computer program that he and some of his fellow engineers at Martin Marietta wrote where they wanted to do name calculations using the biblical numbering system just to see what would pop out and they threw in the names of a bunch of world leaders and a bunch of global royalty and so forth and one name came out is 6 6 6 and from that he went this engineer did and found the unofficial version of this person's coat of arms and that's what he showed us. In a Bible study one afternoon after services at his home and I thought wow, you know and this was within a month of me having prayed for God to show me who and what was being spoken of in Revelation 13. And so I went back that afternoon to the academy and proceeded to the cadet library to look up books on heraldry, and I'd never looked at a book on heraldry. And in my life. I've never looked at the topic in my life prior to that and they have this bookshelf of I don't know maybe 30 bucks. Maybe not that many actually maybe 20 on heraldry and one was this book called who tells heraldry and so I started the thumb through that and lo and behold it had the official coat of arms in it first unveiled to the world in 1969. And by the way JV that was the most widely viewed event in the history of the world why don't time where it was unveiled. So we're talking about the investiture and I'll just say who it is of Prince Charles Charles Prince of Wales his investiture had an estimated television audience of More than half a billion people which for 1969 was huge. You know and it was only rivaled by the Apollo 11 Mission To The Moon, you know within the same month, you know for week time frame. So at the investiture prior to that in 1958, the investor was July of 1969 11 years earlier the red dragon, which is also on this coat of arms and is the same red dragon spoken of in Revelation. Which is identified as Satan and as the serpent deceived Eve in the Garden of Eden in Revelation chapter 12, so the preceding chapter that particular a dragon was seen all over the castle walls at the investiture and in July, excuse me in 1958 was adopted as the national symbol of Wales. So the United States, for example, you know, we've got the Eagle right on the dollar bill. Yeah, it's one side of our seal for the United States and it represents our country. It's the heraldic symbol. Of this country. Well whales adopted Satan as its national symbol in 1958 literally and that red dragon, you know when Prince Charles is being invested as Prince of Wales or Prince. The red dragon was all over the place at the investor as was his full official coat of arms first seen by the world at that time, which has the red dragon as part of its symbolism on it, but it also has a beast of feet like a very body like a leopard mouth. In other words that imagery described in Revelation 13 and Prince Charles was actually facing that red dragon when the crown was put on his head to coordinate him Prince of Wales or Prince of the red dragon and his mother who put the crown on his head, you know, who is facing the opposite castle wall. And this was an open-air Castle. Okay, by the way, this is the actual castle of Arthur and the LED and the you know, the round table Yeah, the Legends and mythology and all that. I documented the second edition the Antichrist to come to the ones coming out and I mentioned it in the first edition, but I go further into it and second that that is the actual historical Castle, you know from which that mythology drives. So it was significant. The Prince Charles was invested there but his mother was facing the red dragon on the opposite castle wall. So they were both facing it as the crown was put on his head to coronation Prince of Wales. Now, that's the imagery in Revelation 13. I haven't mentioned Old Testament, but the Old Testament also speaks to this. So in Revelation 13 this Beast that represents a man this Beast of feel like a bear body like a leopard Buffalo client. Sorry, let me stop and say okay. Here you go. So anyway, this Beast is given authority to rule over the world for three and a half years. You know, this is the rain that Christians talk about for the Antichrist that precedes Christ's return in Daniel 7 in the Old Testament. There's another individual who's really the same individual, but who Is described with completely different imagery who Reigns for that same three and a half year period and in Daniel 7 this same individual is described as a little horn with the eyes of a man. Okay now in context and Daniel stay that would have been a unicorn with human eyes. And that too is on this same coat of arms. So all the imagery comes together on this coat of arms and its unique under international law to Prince Charles. And so for the first time that means we can legitimately try to do the calculation for the Antichrist and I say for the first time because the imagery is a required prerequisites prerequisite to even attempting to do the calculation. The scripture says it is the number of the Beast before it says it is the number of a man in Revelation 13. So all these times historically JV were Christians and others have tried to do named calculations and said oh Oh so-and-so is named calculates the 6x6. I think they might be the Antichrist. Well, first of all most of the time they've invented or contrived to numbering system to do the calculation. That's not legitimate the scripture actually identifies Force the system were supposed to use. Secondly they've done it for individuals who didn't have the imagery You know that imagery the first beast in Revelation 13, so they did it out of context the calculations were invalid regardless of how they worked out. Even if they use the right system, which they didn't most of the time the calculations were not valid. But in this case, we've got someone who has the imagery and we can validly do the calculation and I've used the biblical numbering system and shown that the title Charles Prince of Wales by which Prince Charles is globally known. The 666 not only in English, but also in Hebrew. In multiple languages the same system the original biblical system and statistically that isn't possible. It can't ever happen but it's reality it has happened. And so I show that in the book along with a lot of other things, you know, that's a for the first time like I pointed out we have somebody who can be the Antichrist and in our Prince Charles has been at the Forefront of the world's major events for decades. He's been the One globalist behind the scenes since 1969. Well that was going to be that was going to be my next question. He you know, he doesn't seem to be in the spotlight at least in the news. I watch he kind of seems to be a background figure but I'm assuming that that's not true or if it is true. He's doing something in the background. Well, you know if I give you a few examples you'll say oh, yeah, he did that and then you'll say oh, wow. I didn't know he did that. So I'll give you some you know, these are in the book along with others. So the United Nations has a Global Security program and as part of that. It's a glitch it has a Global Security lecture series Prince Charles initiated the program and gave the first lecture for the Global Security lecture series at the United Nations. He did that Prince Charles handed over Hong Kong to communist China. The estimated audience was over a billion people. He did that Prince Charles married Princess Diana who in mythology if you just go by the name. It's the goddess of the water the goddess of Witchcraft at was at what was after his investiture. The next most widely viewed event in the history of the world publicly, right estimated audience of 750 million. Plus that was Prince Charles at the center of that more recently you had for example President Trump pulling us out of some of the global climate efforts the global climate talks and before that the Obama Administration trying to participate In the talks in Copenhagen, right which went nowhere and then after that the Paris climate talks just as President Trump was coming into office. Right? Well that whole thing goes back to the Rio Earth Summit of the early 1990s and at the Rio Earth Summit Prince Charles before the summit was hailed as a success organized meetings aboard the Royal yacht Britannia for all the major participants including the president of Brazil. Gort was there all the major participants were there and Prince Charles organized that whole thing and he chaired the meetings and as a consequence of the Rio Earth Summit being a quote unquote success, you know among the globalists Prince Charles was credited for the success of the Rio Earth Summit by all these leaders and out of the Rio Earth Summit can the Kyoto Protocol which Japan which the United States did not sign then there was this effort with the Copenhagen talks, which the United States did not really go for very Much it did with Obama but it went nowhere and then you got the Paris climate talks just as President Trump was coming into office. Well at the Paris climate talks you had the largest gathering of international leaders in the entire history of the world and one location ever. So you had a hundred and ninety plus world leaders at the Paris climate talks a hundred and fifty plus heads of state. And so you would think that since it was hosted by France that it would have been the president of France who would have opened it right and given the first speech at the event. Or some other head of state Maybe Obama, right? Sure somebody like that that seems logical but now it was Prince Charles. Well, he opened it and he gave the first speech and at the group photo he was in the very center of the photo of everyone. He was the head honcho for the whole thing in reality, but who talked about that in the news? Yeah, it wasn't discussed. You know, and is another example, we've got all this talk around this peace process with Israel, right we have now for decades, you know, people realize that this today goes back to the quartet what's called a quartet and from the quartet and I'll mention who the quartet is in a moment it goes Back to the Oslo process in the Oslo Accords not a lot of people realize where it goes from there. Prior to the Oslo Accords, it went to the Madrid peace talks. And before the Madrid peace talks. It went to the London agreement of 1987 and the London agreement of 1987. Was between Jordan's King Hussein the one who's now deceased his son Abdullah is raining in his place over Jordan, but the loan agreement 1987 was between Jordan's King Hussein and Israel's Siobhan Perez who is now of course deceased. Right? Right. Well who orchestrated those talks Prince Charles did and in fact, they were organized by one of his lawyers the Lord Victor mishkin. Prince Charles set that whole thing in motion and the London agreement of 90. And by the way, Jordan's King Hussein and Perez are both personal friends Prince Charles King Hussein and his son Abdullah were both educated in London. Both friends of Prince Charles, but any rate Shimon Perez was the second with Yitzhak Shamir at that time. Who is Israel's Premier back then and yet Chuck Schumer would have none of it. So the agreement got shelved. And the agreement LED nonetheless to the Madrid peace conference in Spain. Then and then subsequently to the Oslo process when Perez became second under its Aqua Bean, who is the assassinated prime minister in Israel. Yeah and revived the London agreement of 1987 which in turn led to Oslo 1 2 and 3 and between Oslo two and three three not having actually come to pass in other words. These were planned agreements on a timeframe. Auslan three never actually came to Plat to pass but between those two agreements two, and three there was the peace treaty with Jordan they got signed. Okay. Now the Oslo process collapsed, you know, I was about 3 didn't come to pass and it was organized around security negotiations and then supposed peace negotiations. Well, the quartet came into place as the successor to the Oslo process and the quartet involves the United Nations the United States Russia and place of the Soviet Union now and then the European Union and they call that the But because the UN is in there, it's really all the nations of the world. Right? Right. Well, the quartet was headed by Tony Blair who was under Prince Charles until the last few years. And now another British subject of Prince Charles is heading the quartet. So all of this effort is still under Prince Charles and when Ramin was assassinated at his funeral Prince Charles attempted when Shimon Perez died Prince Charles attended the funeral use were both unofficial visits to Israel by Prince Charles and to that point in time. In fact until recently. No one in the modern British on monarchy had ever officially visited this the nation of Israel, even though they had officially visited all the surrounding Nations all of the adversaries of Israel, but not Israel except that Prince Charles went and by the way was front and center for both of these funerals for Perez. And for a bane, yeah and Perez though before he died had become a knight of Prince Charles one of his Knights. So again, all of this was under Prince Charles and still is so these things and many others are documented in the Antichrist and a cup of tea the whole Middle East peace process. Is that our Prince Charles and yet the public has no idea. Even what is happening with the United States now with the Trump Administration, you know, I don't know if you noticed this but they were going to unveil the administration's proposal its initiative recently in conjunction with and Israel in conjunction with the Holocaust day world Holocaust day. I forget exactly what's called world world Holocaust Forum event. I believe at any rate they were going to unveil it there. And Jared Kushner was going to travel to Israel for that purpose in addition to attending that event. Well at that event for the first time you had the major aggressors toward Israel other words the primary Nations responsible for the genocide the Nazi Genocide toward Israel and World War II their current leadership spoke at that event, but in place of for example Boris Johnson for Great Britain instead, Of him speaking. It was Prince Charles who spoke and Prince Charles flat out gave the best speech of anybody there. I mean, it was a fantastic moving speech and he endeared himself to Israel's population with that speech and it was his first official visit ever to his row, but because he was there and immediately met afterwards with Abbas for the quote-unquote Palestinians. To talk about the peace process. It's actually what he talked about with abbess, you know subsequent to that immediately after his speech because he was there Jared Kushner backed out at the last minute and didn't go and so the Trump Administration unveiled its initiative subsequently. So the point is even though there is not complete agreement with say Prince Charles, for example, or the government of Great Britain the UK in terms of what the Trump Administration is proposing and trying to bring to pass for some sort of treaty between Israel and the court Palestinians. Nonetheless. Prince Charles is still over the effort. So in other words moving the stuff behind the scenes. Ends Christian's JV don't know what I'm sharing with you and the audience today by and large even though I've been talking about this, you know on and off since 1998 when the book was published and have the second edition coming out. Most Christians aren't aware yet. Yeah, and you know, there are things that have happened since the first edition came out. So I shared with you and perhaps you can share it with the audience the statue, you know to Prince Charles. Which hailed him as Savior of the world, you know with outstretched Wings? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Well this book was published in 1998 the first edition one of the things that's for told in scripture concerning. The Antichrist is that an idol will be erected in a newly constructed. Holy place on the Temple Mount or near it, but presumably haunted in Israel. Just over, you know, just before the three and a half years begin that proceed. To turn the Armageddon. So in other words, there's no holy place yet. It doesn't exist. But the scriptures prophesy that there will be one and it and Idol will be erected to the Antichrist who we've been talking about at that time in the Holy place instead of the narrow beam or Angelic statues that were placed around the Ark of the Covenant in the ancient temples of Israel. So instead of those Angelic statutes and idle will be put in Their place to the Antichrist well in the early two thousands years after the first edition of the Antichrist McCarthy was published, you know, and obviously several years after the Lord showed me who was the statue was created and it was created in two versions. So a miniature version was actually photographed by the BBC and that's the photo I shared with you. Yep. You can share with your audience the BBC photographed this thing and reported on it and it was a government and Central Brazil the government in tocantins that commissioned this thing and they did it to hail Prince Charles literally as the environmental savior of the world because of the Rio Earth Summit and these other things that I shared and for other reasons, you know other activities environmentally of Prince Charles and the British Monarchy, but the statue has inscribed on its base savior of the world literally and it shows Prince Charles with outstretched wings as an Angelic figure. It's got his face standing atop a massive human bodies looking up to him as Savior and dressed only in a loincloth. So here's an interesting factoid the idol and scripture in the Book of Daniel as words initially described in the Old Testament. I show in the second edition of the Antichrist in a cup of tea that that exact statue is the one that's described. So in other words not just any Angelic statue, but a statue dressed only in a loincloth the root words of the Hebrew text of the Prophecy in Daniel 9 and the Old Testament actually speak to that and you cannot get that from an English translation in normal English translation, but you can from the original Hebrew. So in other words years after the book was published the statue was created and nobody's ever seen the full size version but the BBC did report on the size of the full size version and it is arguably the same size the same height as the Caribbean statues that went around the Ark of the Covenant in Israel's an inch. And temples so somewhere today in some Warehouse the full size version of that statute which looks identical to the one that you have photographed. You know, that smaller one that was photographed the full size version of that is just waiting somewhere to be placed erected. I believe in a newly constructed holy place in Jerusalem on the Temple Mount some years from now. No one else in the world has a statue like that. No one else in the world is the statue calling them savior of the world, you know, and this one has Prince Charles face and it matches what the Hebrew text describes for the Statue. How can that happen? Unless this is real. So, you know these things and others all say we are finally for the first time in history. In the time period where these things will really be fulfilled. Yeah, and we're on the fast track and consequently, you know, that's why I wrote North Korea in the coming World War but I also have a companion series of books called Israel quote-unquote. Peace. And the coming World War the Great Tribulation is near coming out. I have a book on The Exodus from ancient Egypt where I actually identify the Pharaohs and to adopt who Moses has adopted mother actually was In ancient Egypt's history. I have more information on that then archaeologists have and I put that together in a book that's coming out on the exit is so that Israel modern Israel will realize that the Exodus from Egypt was an actual historical event, you know, JV most of modern Israel's population does not believe that they think the Exodus was a mess just like the Arabs around them think it was a myth and for that reason they're willing to to negotiate away the land they don't necessarily believe that they really had more right to it, you know or some divine right from God to it that the other nations don't have and so they're willing to negotiate it because they don't believe in their own history. And so I'm going to show this book that the history is real. You know and then of course, I'm dealing with a series of books. It's going to shake the world on non terrestrial life. What's really out there in our solar system coming soon. So I'm going to expose the things that the public has not been told Tim. How does this translate into Prince Charles becoming ruler of the world. Is this related to the One World Government? The alien thing or just the Antichrist account? No, I'm talking about in order for Prince Charles if he's the Antichrist to fulfill prophecy and to be you know, fulfill that role he becomes leader of the world, right? I mean if I'm understanding it correctly sort of says scripture describes a scenario in which there are Ten Kings or rulers describe both in Daniel for example chapter 7 as well as Revelation 13 Also Revelation 17 and 18 but a scenario where there are Ten Kings or ten rollers divided into two groups of five. And a little whore they're described also as horns a little horn is human eyes, which is that unicorn is humanize comes up among them and uproots three of the ten. That's the scenario painted in Daniel chapter 7 for us and people have looked at that passage historically and said, okay does the Antichrist kill three of them? What does this mean three of the 10 are uprooted are there just ate afterwards? Well, the scripture indicates that all the way to the point of Christ's return there's still 10. So it means that those 10 are still around Even though three get uprooted and when we look at the ten and Daniel, they're also described as ten toes five toes on each of two legs on the feet of each of two legs is a statue that King Nebuchadnezzar the Ancient King of Babylon one of them had an Junior was interpreted. And these 10 toes would be representative of the same 10 Kings, but we know from that statue that they're divided into two groups of five representing east and west and historically this was fulfilled as the division of the Eastern Roman Empire of the Roman Empire in the eastern and western. So Eastern and Western Roman Empire's and so we can look at the ten today and say okay, there's got to be a division of east and west between the 10 5 each and somehow three of the ten have to come under the direct Authority. In other words become vassals of the little Horn of the eyes of a man this individual who is the Antichrist so that there are still 10 but effectively he's the eighth among seven if you will, he's in Direct Control of three of the ten. So with that scenario for decades now the United Nations, which has five permanent members has talked about reforming and altering the composition and makeup of the security Council currently. It's got five permanent members 15 members that rotate 10 of which rotate on and off the council. Five who are always there and the discussion has been okay. How do we want to alter the council to make it more representative of the nations of the world and more fair to the rest of the world. And the main thing that keeps coming up again. And again is to expand it to 10 permanent members there have been other suggestions, but every few years they come back around to this idea of expanding it to ten permanent members and they have already identified some of the new five. Les so they know that Japan will be one of the new 5 Germany will be one of the new five they debated the other three between primarily India Brazil Egypt and Italy those are the others that they primarily debated for the other three of the new five. But the point is if Germany and Japan and up on an expanded Security Council where there are ten members then three of the ten Will be from the European Union Germany France and England and additionally five will be from the west and five from the East as we think of the east west division in the world today. Yeah, and the Diplomatic missions while there's been a European Union involved in the UK Germany France and England have effectively been unified more or less as one Mission between the three countries because the British Monarchy geologically speaking is the monarchy of all three nations historically. You know their name was saxe-coburg-gotha. For example before World War II they changed their name to the house of Windsor because of what happened in World War. I World War one where you had Germany fomenting World Wars 1 and 2 and this is a family that had a German name and they needed to make it more anglicized more English as they changed it to the house of Windsor. But really there are a Greek monarchy a French monarchy in English Monarchy and a German monarchy and more. Really? That's what they are. So if the European Union were to choose a monarchy for itself at some point it would flat-out no contest be the British Monarchy regardless, even if the UK successfully has brexit and really does exit the EU within the next few months or by the end of this year. It still would be the British Monarchy but here's the scenario. So Prince Charles senses investiture in July of 69 has been publicly That he wants to be the king of Europe. He has not said that he wants to be the king of England and to this day. His mother has stayed on the throne. She's the longest reigning monarch and all of British history, you know, and the oldest reigning monarch in all of British history to you would think that she would relinquish the throne and give it to Prince Charles but instead there's been talk about bypassing Prince Charles and giving it to him and I one of his sons if she dies. Sighs or decides to relinquish the throne or her hanging on to it till her natural death. Now, it's the title Charles Prince of Wales such as Prince of Wales that title that calculates the six six six. And for that reason I contended in the first edition of the Antichrist and Company way back one as well as in the current edition. It's coming out that Prince Charles would remain Prince of Wales and probably never become the king of England. But if he became king of England, he would need to acquire some new. Vital it's still calculates to 6X on the biblical numbering system to be the Antichrist or you know, the Great Tribulation could begin and he could begin as three-and-a-half year reign as the Antichrist possessed by Satan before he became king of England and then afterwards he became king of England. It wouldn't matter. Right. So the point is we could wake up one day where the security Council has been expanded to 10 per remembers That could happen at any time. Right? Nobody would be surprised really buy that. Yeah, there's been talk of it literally for decades since the early 80s at least publicly. And then another day we could wake up and find out that the British Monarchy has been adopted as the monarchy of Europe. Or that the British made the excuse me, the Diplomatic missions of Germany, France and England or so unified so that Prince Charles is in Direct Control of three of the ten Germany, France and England and that's all it would take JV to fulfill the requirements biblically for the rise to power of the Antichrist over the global government. Well, so it can happen so quickly and so seemingly by stealth that hardly anyone would notice And yet literally fulfill what scripture says. So what do we and we're going to run out of time here Tim. But what do we do? I mean we're hearing this. We're considering it. We don't have the ability to affect it in any way. What should we be doing? Well, you know, there are people who want to think who would like to think that it's possible to thwart or change biblical prophecy. In other words for it not to come to pass to establish some different future from what scripture Says will occur. I don't happen to be one of those people. I don't think it's possible to do that. I believe God is Sovereign over history like everything else and he's going to make sure it comes to pass. And so what we should do from that perspective is learn who God is become actual Christian so that if we die, we don't end up somewhere other than happen and secondly preparer to live and what's going to be a very rough world. World, you know until Christ comes and scripture indicates that during the Great Tribulation which primarily concerns Israel rather than the world even though World War 3 will be kicked off before that. In other words the wars of North Korea and Iran will commence before the Great Tribulation comes before the last three and a half years begin. But even with that the Great Tribulation primarily concerns the nation of Israel and specifically the geographic area of Judea, which is where most of modern Those population resides and the scripture says that two-thirds of Israel in the land of Judea will die during the Great Tribulation. So it's going to be very horrible almost tantamount to a new Holocaust for Israelites who are in that Geographic territory beyond that when we get closer to the end of the Great Tribulation, meaning the last three and a half years preceding Christ's return and then Armageddon itself. The judgments that God will allow to come upon the world and I'm talking about things that aren't necessarily in human control. So in other words it gets Beyond us using weapons of war and nukes and whatever else it goes past that into the arena of things that are beyond our control like Comet and asteroid strikes for example, presumably super volcanic eruptions. Earthquakes that will shake the planet itself completely at the same time so that the entire planet will shake on its axis at the same time and at the cities of the nation's globally will be toppled at the same time everywhere. So we're talking about natural disasters that God will allow that are so extreme that by the time we get to Armageddon itself and in the end of Armageddon possibly arguably realistically two-thirds of all Humanity will be dead. So it's very bad what's coming? And so the best thing any of us can do is get to know God and pray that he will be gracious to us and have a somewhere where we will have provision and there will be people scripturally who have provision for him God provides and he will guide us, you know, what we in our individual situations in our individualized need personally to do for ourselves and our loved ones and our friends and so forth. To prepare for what's coming and to try to survive it if that's God's well and then thirdly of course to share the truth with others, which is you know, what I'm doing before I became a Christian JV I considered myself to be an atheist. That's what I told people on. I Didn't Know Better. I was really an agnostic but I at that time didn't even know the difference in the definitions and I should have I didn't and so I was not somebody living his life for God. I was this new age Pagan and that's who I was and I was fine with that. I didn't know any better. But the reality is as we get closer to all these things in the world is seeing the things that Christians like me are talking about actually happening in coming to pass they have to look at this thing and say, okay, why do Christians know about this? No one else is talking about it. And why is it that not all Christians know about this only some seem to know about it, you know who are talking about it, you know like me for example You know, what is it that they're hooked into if you will that everyone else isn't why isn't Islam talking about this? Why is non-believing Judaism, you know not talking about this, why are Hindus and Buddhists and so forth not talking about these things in specific terms. So for example, real prophecy a real Christian can tell you specific things. Like I can tell you that when the Great Tribulation begins before it starts and as it starts, Israel is going to be successfully attacked and the entire city of Jerusalem is going to be encircled by the militaries of Israel's adversaries and half of the city not the whole city only half of it. They have to has the Temple Mount area meaning the old city of Jerusalem. It's going to be taken captive by force in war from Israel and that Israelite captives are going to be carried away as far as Babylon in Iraq, and you know, Saddam Hussein was rebuilding before he died the ancient capitals of Nineveh for Assyria and Babylon for Babylonia there in Iraq. So you're going to have captives and Israel carried away. As far as this area Babylon that Saddam Hussein had been rebuilding Iraq literally a new Babylonian captivity during that three and a half year period of the Great Tribulation in which two-thirds of Israel and Judea is going to die. So those are very specific things that I'm sharing not like what you would hear from somebody say doing an astrological chart or some Somewhere, you know for telling things and you know, 99.9% of the time things that psychics are going to come to past don't so even when they're being specific. So this is the difference when it comes down to the real God versus everything and everyone else out there. God is very specific and it gives us very concrete information and that's the case with the coat of arms and who the Antichrist is it's not some nebulous thing and that's what I'm showing in the Antichrist and a cup of tea. You know, that's where I show with the fiery red horse. You know with North Korea in the coming world war that the second field the apocalypse is a literal but there are four seals that have horses in the Book of Revelation. They're all literal JV. Not just the fiery red horse, you know, and in fact when we talk about the fourth Horseman who's writer the fourth horses writer is named death, which is, you know, another Dame in this case for the Antichrist when he's possessed by Satan during that period where he's rolling for three and a half. That writer is writing. What is typically translated as an ashen horse or a gray horse, but the Greek text describes it as a pale green gray horse. That's what the Greek text means in other words. It has the color of rotting human flesh. It's talking about a horse that has a like a greenish Hue or tint to it. That's gray white and it turns out that the unicorn on Prince Charles coat of arms has that exact coloration? It's the fourth horse. Well, the four horses of the Apocalypse. Well the other two the first and the third also literally exist in I identified them in the second edition of the Antichrist and a cup of tea. So all of these symbols that even Christians thought were too far out or too strange to be literal in the Book of Revelation. Even Christians who say scripture is literal. We believe it. We think it's from God through His prophets to real profits that it's reliable. Even those Christians have had a hard time taking these things literally and I'm showing them because God has called me to do this that really they actually are literal, but they're also metaphorical and symbolic JV, so those camps are not Wrong. So for example this coat of arms of Prince Charles that represents him individually and heraldry and is unique to him under International laws that no one else does have her could ever have the same combination of symbols on a coat of arms legally those symbols represent a group of Nations. So the beasts that is aligned leopard Bearer on his coat of arms ordinarily as a lion or lion leopard for England his is unusual because of its feet The unicorn on his coat of arms ordinarily represents Scotland the red dragon on his coat of arms represents Wales. It's their national symbol now. The harp on his coat of arms represents Ireland and it's the davidic harp Ireland took the symbol from the Arch of Titus historically that was carried away by the Romans from the second temple after they sacked and destroyed the temple. So Ireland adopted the davidic harp and that HAARP is on Prince Charles coat of arms. The lion leopard bear Beast is tying it which by the way represents the conflict between the IRA and the UK, England. and In this case symbolically on the coat of arms. Anyway, all of these symbols and others that are on the coat of arms represent a group of Nations. And this case they're the core nations of the United Kingdom and of the nation that is over the British Commonwealth which comprises roughly a quarter of the world's population and that's significant because a quarter of the world's population is referenced in connection with writer of the fourth horse that that fourth seals writer and for which I've said is that unicorn them for sure I was going to Arms so it all ties in it's actually all very literal surprisingly so yeah it's this is amazing work you've done Tim and sadly we're out of time because I've got more questions and I know you have answers so we're going to have to get you back on the program at some point but once again let people know where they can get a hold of the books because the answers that you would respond to me with are in the books yes thank you so the Antichrist a cup of tea the second edition can be pre-ordered through See house.com. My other books some of them can be pre-ordered. But the ones that are published can be gotten there as well as related materials like CD and DVD sets. So that's prophecy house.com. And if you'll permit me JV, let me just ask folks to also subscribe to my YouTube channel, which is relatively new and I need more subscribers desperately so that I can get a proper URL and I'll be putting a lot of things out through that channel over time and then, you know, come join me on. Facebook to you. How did they find the YouTube channels it just your name? Yeah, youtube.com forward slash Timothy: so just type in youtube.com and or the forward slash and then type in Timothy Collins CO hgn enter and then you'll go right there. And then for Facebook its face book facebook.com forward slash author Tim Collins, uh n well, I'm not going to say you didn't scare the hell out of her, but he denied but but it Us some real great work in terrific information. Thanks for being here. We're going to have you back soon. My pleasure. Thank you. If you missed it go back and listen to part one of this episode found both right here on YouTube and on the podcast distribution system Beyond reality paranormal is hosted by g v Johnson and produced by a Ryan Palmer and Slick Eddie Edwards like us on Facebook and subscribe to our YouTube Channel, please consider supporting the program either through your podcast platform. Click on the link in the description or on. On patreon it johar Productions. If you'd like to be a guest on Beyond reality paranormal or you have a recommendation for a guest contact our producer slick Eddie Edwards Eddie is spelled with a Y at slick Eddie Edwards at gmail.com.