I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the past week. If you unless you've been living under a rock, which frankly I try and live under a rock, but it doesn't always work out. You've probably noticed that they coronavirus are covid-19 has been in the news quite a bit and there's been a lot going on. Hopefully you saw that you got a Broward College email that discussed a travel advisory. So we've been in communication about how all of this is going to affect our Health Sciences students and our nursing students, of course, so I wanted to give you guys an update. Here's what I know right now on Friday March 6th, could this change before Monday the 9th when I see some of you yes it could here's what I know today session for starts on Wednesday, March 11th as scheduled. I will see a lot of you on campuses for math workshops on March 9th and 10th. You need to go to these mouth workshops. If you're in Peds are going into Peds only going into Peds though. You need to come to central campus at 9 a.m. On Monday, March 9th Building A Room 222 for a specific math workshop for Pete students. The rest of you should be attending math workshops in your home. Nursing Labs. You'll need to check the nursing lab schedules or check your email and check your email for those math workshops. And their schedules, okay, remember that on central campus and soon-to-be on North Campus there are math tutors so you can also go there but I really want to see you guys at those map workshops. Okay, you saw the travel advisory if any of you have traveled to those specific countries of Japan. China Iran, Italy South Korea and that's it. Then you need to quarantine yourself. You need to isolate yourself for 14 days. You need to be in contact with us and find a way to get us your travel documents because you're going to need to talk with your instructor your professors and your associate Dean. About how we're going to move forward. Okay. That's the first thing the second thing is that this is going to require good communication and extreme flexibility for the entire nursing program all of the students and of course all the staff and faculty. We cannot get you through this program without sending you to clinicals. Our clinical Affiliates the hospital systems and other clinical Affiliates are not required to take students, but they do it because first of all, they have a commitment to providing good health care and they know that having students who work with patients makes you a good nurse and able to move into the clinical environment. They know also that it's a good way to hire nurses. However, their first responsibility is to their patients the organization and their own employees. So far. Most of our clinical sites are continuing to accept students. We have had one clinical site. Deny, students or cancel student rotations and we are scrambling to find an alternative site. You need to be in constant communication with us via your Briar College email and your D2L, please because things can change rapidly. As the situation evolves hopefully by Monday when you get here, this is all died down, but I doubt it as the situation evolves. We may need to make other changes in our clinical rotations. So again, this is going to need really good communication and flexibility on your part up until maybe a year ago. If you were accepted into the nursing program, you were accepted onto your campus and you stayed on your campus and possibly even Honor to Hospital Systems until you graduated that's not the case anymore in order to get all of you through clinicals with our diminishing clinical sites. We often have to move you between campuses as many of you have seen I know that it can be stressful you are going to face these kind of situations just throughout your career as a nurse. So it's good to get used to them. Now. You can just consider it as floating. If you don't know. What floating is ask the nurses next time you are clinicals and they'll tell you what floating is, but most of you I'm sure know so you may need to float between campuses to Your clinical hours in we may have to do some creative scheduling. We may have to have you flipping back and forth more often with simulation. So you just need to be in really good contact. You need to be sure that you're reading all of your barber college emails and checking D2L and being in communication with your professors, okay? Right now we will have classes face-to-face classes as we normally do the college has been putting some plans into place what would happen if we had to stop face-to-face classes? There is a chance that we could go to some distance learning options. So I'm not talking about making courses online asynchronous courses. I'm talking about you may end up having to attend a lecture from a remote location. So certainly there's nothing set in stone as of 10:30 a.m. On Friday, March 6th 2020, but know that those kind of plans have been discussed and again good communication. We need to get you guys through class and through clinical if we have to stop sending students to clinicals. Then it will take us forever to get you through this program because we are bound by Florida Department of Nursing rules that at least 50% of your clinical experience has to be in the acute care setting so Again, flexibility and adaptability a couple of other things there has been a significant shortage of hand sanitizer and masks. So we will likely not be using any masks for practice. But only using them with real patient situations. I'm going to ask that you are very very very careful and not removing any masks from any of the campuses. It may look like there's a ton of Matt masks, but there aren't so please do not remove those from any of the labs. Hospitals have gone to a situation where masks are actually locked up and doled out one by one two by a nurse manager. And my husband is a fire chief. They went to try and Order masks a couple of days ago and there were none available. Especially the end 19 masks. So you're going to have to be super careful with those kind of supplies masks and hand sanitizer. in simulation and in the lab So that's pretty much my update for today. You know what again? This is animal could be an evolving situation things could change by Monday if they change but by Monday before that, I'll be in touch again. I appreciate it. If you guys talk with each other and pass this message along and make sure that anybody who's in clinical with you but not in class is aware of everything that's going on. Remember if you feel sick then you should stay home. The hospital's actually do not apply are not planning to allow and have never allowed students to participate in care for patients in respiratory isolation. You will not be placed in a situation where you will knowingly take care of the patient who has been who has suspected or known coronavirus, but obviously, we don't know what people have when they walk in the door all the time. So you need to use universal precautions. Actions good hand-washing. And of course, if you have any symptoms of cold or flu you should remain at home and be cleared by your provider before you come back and be in contact with your professor and your associate Dean. I hope you guys have a great weekend before classes start again. I've had a great spring break. I've been here a few times at work. But I've enjoyed it. I like being here. It's warmed my heart when I walk out of building 8 to see some nursing students sitting out there studying. You know who you are. It was nice to see you nice to see those Smiles. I know that session to didn't end the way some of you wanted it to and I'm sorry about that. Just know that we're here for you. We are going to work with you and you're going to reach your goal of becoming a nurse. Have a great weekend you guys. I'll see you soon.