Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that theThe line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my freshman. In Spring to be the Nittany Lion and served a three year term. I have now completed my term as a lion and yeah, I was the first first student to do. So in my time I did I believe it was over 1,200 event. So yeah, it was it really flipped my life on on his head. But yeah, I mean my experience throughout college has been unbelievable. So I guess the first question I have is what was your like before coming to Penn State? Um, I pretty like unremarkable honestly, I mean, I I played basketball in high school. Hmm. Oh, yeah. That's the first thing I said when he walked in my apartment is that is very tall. I don't know if anyone realize that I was like, oh like how tall are you 64? Okay. So Zack is very I tied for the tallest line of it's insane because I so I'm 411 so he comes into my apartment and I'm like, I'm so sorry. I wasn't I wasn't outstanding. And by any means like I wasn't getting any D1 offers, I wouldn't like in in really like any sports. I played I quit football like right before high school. But yeah, I mean like I was I played a bunch of sports growing up but was never like a standout really in any of them. Um my senior year of high school. I also I picked up diving because my best buddy was like an olympic-class diver. He's actually he'll be he'll be competing in the Olympic trials release in here. That's awesome. If you go to Penn State, no, he goes to the Naval Academy. Okay. I'm actually from a guy. Relics, really sumatriptan and everything. Yeah. Yeah. So he like just because he and I were buddies. I thought it would be fun to jump off a diving board in the pool. So yeah, that's that's how I learned like basically all my like gymnastics abilities. I learned a standing back flip my senior year in my backyard and then yeah just sort of led me to To where I'm at. Now, it's awesome. So did you did you always want to go to Penn State? Yeah, always want to be in any line. Like was that something you had? I guess like the back your head during school. Yeah, so my parents actually both went to Penn State and met here. Okay. So yeah, I mean I was growing up in Penn State family. We went to games all the time, but like not not like season ticket holders anything I would often ask to go to Penn State games for my birthday, which is an August. So yeah, basically, I mean I grew up big Penn State fan and always saw the lion thought it was like, oh that's super cool. It has the best job ever and but I never thought much more of it. I ended up deciding to come to Penn State and I almost didn't which was that's an interesting story and of itself, but where do you where did you almost go? I almost went to Maryland. Oh, I'm from okay, that's crazy a bunch of my friends in high school. Yeah. It was it was weird because like going into Going into like and here's actually an interesting thing. I quit football football was probably what I was the best at but I quit it as people started getting like frequent concussions because I always told myself like your brains going to get you way further than your body will like you're not somebody that's going to get a D1 athletic scholarship. Yeah, like just save your brain. Don't get all these things costumes and and just like focus on school. So I did pretty well. In school and was yeah, like I was really academically focused going into college. So I was looking really hard at like cyber security programs and I wanted to do cyber security and at the time Maryland's was it was like yeah, it was kind of like patently better than yeah, then makes sense because like the NSA is right by there as well. Yeah, and so any way things were done it ended up like Maryland's out of state for me. From Pennsylvania and I ended up marrying my choices down to Maryland and Penn State and I'd be paying like double to go to Maryland as opposed to Penn State but the whole time like when I visited all the schools Penn State just like felt so much better. Like it felt like home. Everybody actually seemed happy here. Unlike just about every other college I went to um, so yeah it it was a choice for me between do I go somewhere that I'm gonna love and Save A lot of money or go somewhere that I that has like a better program or whatever and pay a lot more money. I said there's no chance of Maryland degree is worth double A Penn State degree. And plus I want to have have the best time possible doing it. So I quite happily decided on Penn State knew that knew that the lion tryout was open to anybody. Yeah and said that I was going to try out at some point in my career just for the What the fuck? Yeah, I was told myself that I'd try out and that would be a story that I would like that you thought you'd actually get 0 like I there is literally not even a consideration in my head that it might happen. Yeah. So yeah it I caught wind my freshman spring that the lion was graduating because I actually missed the senior game when he took off his helmet. That's the only football game I've missed in my Or years, and yes, I miss that so I didn't know the line was graduating found out in the spring from a friend who saw a tweet about it. And yeah, I was kind of scrambling because the tryouts are like public to everyone. Yeah anybody, where's the tryout posted? So it really depends you to you actually like it because it's such like a rare thing. It doesn't happen often. Yeah, it just kind of goes like with the times like Um, I know this past year to have a tryout for my replacement we did last week we posted on Twitter we posted or we talked to like different news outlets likes to news outlets. We even posted Flyers are some point but yeah, there was there was lots of effort to advertise now nobody like not nobody but there's always gonna be a significant chunk of people that never hear about it. Yeah, and that was my biggest fear. When selecting the new person I wanted to do my absolute best to make sure that everybody heard about it. Yeah, because when I was selected I I felt like I had slipped under the radar like yeah like that they didn't realize that I was not the best option. But yes II just figured. Hey like there are really really incredible people that go to the school. If I get the word out there somebody's going to come through and and really just Knock it out of the park and fill in fantastically. So yeah, we had to try out. It went very well were super excited about the person who was killed. They start next Wednesday there. They've started already know II finished up fun dancing and thought was my last event ever. Wow, and yeah, they took over immediately following that oh my goodness, no pressure then so another question I had is so when you prep for the skills and I guess before the try out what what's expected of you going. The tryout yeah, so the know it's a it's a public thing. So once again this may change you to you but the past past couple times it's been so you bring minute-and-a-half preparedness kit and the skits really just posed to highlight like what your strengths are. Like if you're a good dancer dance. If you are great at gymnastics throw your tumbling passes that I will warn you. It's a lot more difficult in the costume. But anyways, yeah, it's really like be funny. If you're funny. If you have a good like sense of humor and can read a crowd. Well do that. Yeah, the prepared skit you have to bring that yourself. You can bring whoever like if you have a bunch of friends that you want to incorporate you're allowed to do that. You also have to play a cowbell because the cowbell rhythms I tell you You know the combo rhythm is actually surprisingly hard. Yeah, and literally I played piano for 14 years like wait for it. I don't know what it is. I played piano for a long time. So like I have rhythm. Yeah, but to the day I finished I would still screw up that Calvin every once in a while. So it is so hard. Oh my goodness, but it's it's because I know the Rhythm it's just a matter of actually doing I don't know. mask, yeah very it's complete tunnel vision and there's like a screen that I don't know what I can compare it to but like it's far enough away from your face that it's a little bit difficult to try and like Focus past it. Yeah. So yeah, I in terms of like telling people how much visibility there is. I was used like a reference point of like holding index card like four or five inches away from your face and that's about how much you can see ya. So, yeah, it's difficult, but we work with it, but then the The final thing I think oh, there's a prop improv. You reach your hand into a bag pick out a random object and then have to fill a minute like entertaining the crowd with it using it as something that it's not so like a microphone or something that's around microphone. So I might use it as a baseball or something like pretend I'm picture and you've literally have to fill a minute which is tough. I get that minute feels so long and then the final thing the toughest part of all the training is you have to be able to do 50 consecutive. Of one-armed push-ups and that that I was not prepared for I squeaked them out barely and I try out but that's really all they ask you to do because they understand not everybody has the time to train that so yeah, I literally I got 250 within a month which I'm incredibly proud of but yeah, I almost wonder if 50 isn't enough considering how much our football team has been scoring recently. That's awesome. So you said you could do a lot of Vance you said how many across your career over 1,200 so what is so obviously that's not just football games what other events do you have to go do besides athletic events? Yeah. So, um, there's I mean really anything that's requested. I mean there are so many no no and that's that's one of the nice things about like the fact that we have one one person who does it there's not like an obligation to to do every single request basically as as events come in they can be requested by pretty much any pain state-affiliated thing. There's a lot of like a bunch of student groups. I don't even know how many I've helped. So I'll probably calculate those numbers like yeah, but yeah, I mean hundreds of student groups will request. I mean homecoming week is always crazy that like the homecoming committee and request a lot of events. But yeah, I mean, we really just do our best to support as many different like areas of Penn State as possible. And yeah, I mean it gear averaging definitely more than one event a day. How many events do do per week then? If you don't you it really is on average. Yeah, so there might be there might be like a free day, but then the next day might be followed by four events. Okay. So it's yes you have priority scheduling. Okay. So yeah, that's the ironic thing. I mentioned earlier that I never thought I'd That like an athletic scholarship and I focus on academic. Well one gets treated very much like an athlete but your solution do you guys it's a full tuition? It's not ya know housing anything but you get full tuition. I actually didn't even find that out until this year that the Nittany Lion gets full tuition to go which is well, it's really funny that too because people hear that. Yeah and they're like, oh I want to be the lion but then when I like actually show them the numbers about like how much time I put in like in an average week. I'm putting in over 40 hours with the busiest weeks being like for example College GameDay when they came this week or this this year for the white out that week. I put in 82 hours. Oh my gosh. It was like like I'm getting so much less than minimum wage. Exactly. Exactly. So like if you're looking at that as like payment know you you're much better getting a job, but I mean, it's a wild experience. I yeah, don't regret it. Even a little bit but yeah, that's the the full ride is a much appreciated benefit. That's I can't even imagine putting in that much effort. Like I complain as it is trying to juggle. Like I feel like I'm like, oh my gosh, like last semester. I took 21 credits. I used to complain about that all the time in the grand scheme of things. It's like absolutely nothing compared to what you're doing another goodness. That's nothing to scoff at it was like hard but honestly like a lot of them were Jenna it's you know what I mean? So it kind of felt it was like a lot of online stuff. So I don't have to leave my apartment like didn't have to you know change into a giant lion to, you know, give it give it to him. The last personal question I have is where do you keep your suit? So you have to go to all these events do the like Penn State provide you the like costume at the event or do you have to keep it at your apartment? Because that's a a lot of lot of space. Yeah. No it is it is a lot of space and actually guess I am responsible for keeping them. And yeah, that's It does take a lot of space. I actually this past year had to like up sighs because it was like it was so we're taking everything. Yeah, because it's not just like costumes. It's all the props that I have to build and other stuff. So yeah, I have I have a nice big section of my room. I just dedicated that so yeah, it's on then to the next. Yeah, all that stuff all of it. Oh my God, I can probably overwhelmed. Yeah. Well you live in a dorm. I do. So yeah, I live. I live on campus one reason why I was wondering if you kept it at your apartment is I lived in unrated unrenovated dorms in Pinchot Hall, which was super tiny. So I was wondering if you like the Deep rooted question is if you are a freshman and you become an any line, and you live in an unrenovated dorm, are you stu stuff to keep it in your dorm? Like you literally have no space. So yeah, you figured out so like for example, I like kind of slowly. Lee got everything from from my predecessor, uh-huh and oftentimes like if it wasn't something that I needed to keep like on me, like for example, I kept I kept like one or two costumes up up in my room and the rest I sent home with my parents. Okay. So yeah while I was like in charge of all the costumes a lot of them were not in my dorm with yeah. So yeah, I mean you just you figured out you make it more. Okay, that's awesome. So This is the only episode I've ever done this and I talked to so up until now. This has been like a pretty free-flowing. I wrote down some questions for Zach beforehand that I had but I guess those are all my little personal questions. And now I'm going to let you read other people's questions that they asked on Instagram. So I'm gonna let you pick. So how many how the I can't even read. This is rough. How do you do so many one-arm push-ups practice? That's that's my only answer for that. Yes, so that that was something that I'm you'd actually be surprised to know that one-armed push-ups. Once you like figure out form aren't quite as difficult as even think like logic like simple logic would tell you that like, oh you can do probably about half as many one-arm push-ups as you can onto arms. I've found that that isn't the case. I can probably do like 90% As many one arm as I can to I'm just because I've like I figured out my rhythm and yeah, I couldn't I can just pull him out now. So yeah, I mean they're not easy by any means but like if I'm in the contest against somebody I'll do one arm just because it it's more impressive gives me a pretty pretty similar chance to do a lot. But okay, so what still scares me about being a lion? How do I get over it? Oh backtrack about a week when I was still alive for this. What still scares me? I it's gonna be a weird answer but I'm going to say nothing not the cowbell can actually know so don't tell Bill even even back tucks like there. It is like in consists of that but I mean ultimately you just like go for people ask all the time. Like if you get nervous and my answer is always just know because and people think that's just because like I have a natural like Gift for performance or whatever like I just don't get nervous in general and I say no that's not the case either what really happens with me is like I realized very quickly that no matter what I did the crowd was going to love it. Hmm. Like I could be a very poor dancer. But if I'm just like grooving the crowd thinks it's amazing because I'm the lion. I'm not just a dude. Yeah. So yeah, once once that like sunk in that I really couldn't go wrong all inhibitions just like went out the window and I always I always say like when I'm in that costume way less inhibition people talk about like alcohol taking away into Visions the costume takes away your inhibitions and alcohol everted. But okay. So now we get second favorite sock brand. What's your favorite? Well, guess what's your first? Well, I think I'm obligated to say nice. Because we're Nike school and I was I had to wear Nike socks. Okay, I can't answer that one. Which mascot do you look up to the most Benny the Bull Chicago Bulls mascot guy. He's actually like such a great character and like the face on that mascot. It's such a versatile face that like he can he can make any emotion work. Yeah, unlike the lion which hot take not hot take is a very ugly mascot. I love the think dearly but jeez it is it has the plainest looking face it the yeah got a very old old design, which I don't want to. Should make that clear. But yeah, it's it's it's very different than I so all right. Now we're getting a divorce. No, it's actually so I have two methods of cleaning it. One of them is to actually use the laundry. Okay. Um, and yeah, I do that frequently because I am like very smell conscious and that it's that's like the worst thing to be if you're the lion like or any mask out because mascots smell horrible, okay? So bad it is it's one of the most actually no, I would say it is probably the most disgusting smell I've ever dealt with but ya know so I wash it frequently sometimes in the normal wash and also on top of like all the props and costumes and everything in my room. I have what's called a rocket sport dryer. And essentially this is just like I didn't picture of wardrobe but like made out of canvas and then there's like a heater / are circulator that dries it well and then it also has like a built in UV light that kills bacteria that make it smell bad. That's cool. So yeah, that one's way more convenient, but it doesn't like once I put it in the dryer like the normal dryer and put it in the dryer sheets and then it actually comes out smelling kind of good temporarily. When I when I just use the rocket dryer it, it doesn't smell bad, but it doesn't smell good either and then it starts to smell bad very quickly. Okay? Okay have I ever banged someone love? It suit know people are sick got no. I don't call that I because that's just not. Okay. Do I have any sort of social life or have I turned into a furry? No, I have not turned into a furry. Do I have a social life? Yeah, but it's a lot different than most people's. go out at night or is the event or are the events mostly at night because your social true but normally during the day it's like social life is just so like spontaneous for the lion because there's so many events that go on a lot of times like in the morning or if I don't have if I don't have events in the morning like I'm scheduling classes in the morning so that I can have my evenings to do work and the event so you Yeah, there's it's always tough to go out. And one thing that I got really good at was going out like with all my friends but not drinking. Yeah, like literally just and this is something that I just got good at like I can really like loosen up without any alcohol. So I would go to like social Gatherings of yeah, like any time really and yeah just like not drink because then I could be perfectly functional then I see. Morning and not have to worry about anything. So yeah, that was that's pretty much like the main difference that my social life had way less alcohol than normal. Okay, but yeah, not not a I wouldn't say it was hindered by any means because I mean I also got to hang out with with my friends like on the cheer team and everything all across the country traveling everywhere like it was it was wild. What's the coolest place? You've been to you think then? Oh Bachelor Mansion baby. Oh that is yeah, California is in California. Yeah. That's yeah, it's like a suburb of okay, that's cool. So yeah, that was that was pretty wild. I filmed a commercial there with the bunch of other mascots. That's awesome. We like we kind of made our own Our own version of The Bachelorette like all of all the mascots were like contestants on The Bachelorette and then the college football playoff trophy was like The Bachelor whatever password I don't know and Jordan Rogers was like speaking on behalf of the trophy and would like give the give the Roses Chris Harrison was and then Jo Jo Jo Fletcher. Yeah, which I guess is I don't know if she and Jordan are engaged now or what I forget. But yeah, so Three of them were there from from the show and the whole production committee what so cool. So yeah, I mean that's I wasn't a big fan of The Bachelor. And in fact, I'm even less of a fan. But yeah, it's just like a cool thing to throw out there. Yeah. I was it filmed in the other mascots done. So that's actually something you do a lot of yeah. I know. I know a lot a lot of masking a beautiful in real life. Yeah. Okay. Yeah cool. But yeah, it's like most schools Penn State is very unique in the fact that we just have one most schools have anywhere from like four to like 12. Okay. That's actually question is is there a backup line is is there a backup we we try to have somebody in mind to take over in case there's like any severe injury such as at the end of last spring. I actually had a really severe ankle sprain and wasn't able to do the blue and white game so Ended up getting someone to fill in I'm not gonna disclose. But yeah, so there's there is like an emergency action plan, but ya know what it's like that's basically like the lion is a lion that's cool. And only in very rare circumstances is will that ever change do I fear really high scoring PSU games? Absolutely when we beat Idaho, what was it seventy nine to nothing or whatever? Yeah by on so that's that's the other thing people don't think about we were like, oh my gosh, she could do 79 one-armed push-ups No that added up to 464. Oh my God, because you don't do it just like at the end score like you do it every touchdown we score so 7 plus 14 plus 21 plus 28. So yeah, like then know I will admit during the Idaho game. I cheated a little bit and by a little bit. I mean a lot on the way to 79 I was I was just making a joke out of it at that point because people understood that I was I was struggling so Other on the way to 79. I like that onto my knees and was really just like throwing the shoulder to like exaggerated as much as I did. So we're that I could do more for her. How long does it take to master? The one-handed push-up? I don't know that I have mastered it. I was able to do 50 within a month of training. But hardest part of the job would probably be living up to the like tradition and name because lions like I mean, obviously it's one of the most recognizable mascots and in college sports and amongst the Penn State Community. It's known as the symbol of our best which is a huge huge thing to live up to for any single person. And the thing that really like shook me up when I was selected was that they stress to me. You're not just supposed to be the symbol of our best while you're in costume. This is supposed to be like a 24/7 thing like if you mess up like if you do anything that reflects badly on yourself, just what your name is. It's accessible to the media and your name will be published alongside the Nittany Lion and Penn State University in the papers if you do something wrong. Wrong. So yeah, there's like a one-strike policy. That's the other thing about why alcohol was so limited in my social life. I was on one-strike policy if I got an underage or anything it was over for me. So yeah, I mean with everything that I had to lose it just wasn't worth it to risk it that often. Yeah. So yeah, just living up to that symbol of our best in everyday life. It's it took a very very conscious effort and it shaped me a lot and my character so Anyway alley the other question you asked I would imagine this isn't this as serious one to I get will call tickets for events like for famine Pals. On occasion I can finesse it but it's like I don't like a lot of athletes. I believe get like a certain number for every every gamer competition. They do I'm not like that. It's more so like if the game isn't going to have a lot of attendance or something. I can have a way to talk to people and try to get try to get hooked up for mostly just my parents. It's not like Pals or anything. They they try to help out my parents, but now my parents pay for like football tickets and everything season tickets. Yeah. But anyway, I think we covered all the questions. Is there anything else that I have? Another question regarding thawne do dance and thought every year that you're the lion know this the only year you danced. Yeah. So this was the only year that I danced actually I'm glad we're circling back around to this because the that was a very intentional thing. And so the lion does not always dance. So yeah, the line typically gets request of certain times that he's supposed to be there. And in the past, it's been like I think I spent like 20 eight ish 26 28 hours in costume, but then I have I have like a 46-hour for pass that I can use even has a Zack but I don't have to be there. I think go home. A nap sit whatever. But yeah, then I fell in love with them my very first time doing it. I mean I even went to a high school where we did a mini Thon so the cause was always like kind of dear to my heart. And yeah when I came to Penn State and and it was the real deal my my first year I was I just went with A Thon org and stood in the stands for 40 hours because I was just so like enthralled with the environment then my first year as a lion I experienced my first like football game as a lion. I experienced my first white out as a lion. I traveled all across the nation. I did like unbelievable things. That I like could have never imagined and then I did Thon and all of them just like dwindled in comparison and I was like, whoa, this is this is something different. Like I don't know that anybody has the experience that I do at Don. And that's just that's just because of like this character like once again just in the same way that people applaud everything that the line does kids unless they're afraid which happens from time to time just love lion. And so to be at Thon and to interact with these Don children and their families the kids are yeah. They're they're absolutely enthralled and when when they're so sick and you just You can see like how much this this diseases like affecting their life, but then they see you who you don't even know who they are. Like so many Don children. I like developed a strong relationship with and never even knew their name because I never got to talk to them. Yeah. Um, so yeah, it's like they see you in their face just lights up it run towards you with open arms and just give you the biggest hug. Like that, they can muster and I mean listen unbelievable feeling to have that that much of an effect on on a kid and then their families like they'll walk up to me having never met me and like in tears tell me that they truly feel like I'm part of their family and it hits hard. So yeah, I after that first on I knew that I wanted to go out a little bit different as I mentioned as I mentioned earlier. I'm the first like student to do it for three years. What's the normal stem? It's a it's not so much like normal, but most common is to most commonly you'll get it your sophomore spring and do it through your city senior spring, but it's not uncommon to get it Junior spring either or even there have been grad students who did it for a year. Yeah, so anyway considering that I was going to be doing it for three years. And when I was selected they even they said we were going to like check in after two years to see if I was to burnt out. Yeah, so I decided that because I loved them so much and because I was going to be doing it for three years. I wanted to end a little bit early because typically I would have gone like another I would have finished out like basketball tournaments and everything. Um, and yes, I've I decided I wanted to end a little bit early by dancing and done because that would just be to me like the perfect memory to end on. And yes, oh, I knew that literally three years ago that I was going to do that but leading up to this year. I decided to challenge myself because I didn't just want to dance that was something that I wanted to do for me like for the memories and whatnot. But what really mattered most to me was making the biggest possible impact that I could so I was thinking how do I do this? Like there's I already I really do make like a tangible visible impact on these families. But like how can I take it to the next level and I thought to myself Money, yeah, there's we raise money to support these families and and like fund research so that cancer one day will not exist. And so I decided to challenge myself instead of trying to get selected by my friends to dance to represent an organization. Which I don't think would have been too hard. I don't know. I don't want to get too carried away. Yeah, I decided to challenge myself to enter the independent dancer couple Lottery with my best friend Eric ass bitch the mic man. So yeah, we we entered as an IDC and last year the the top IDC raised 20 point seven thousand dollars. It's actually a friend from my hometown may see Russell in 1900. How amazing is fantastic and she was instrumental in helping us along the way but yeah, so they raise 20.7 and we had heard that the record that that wasn't the highest I've ever been raised but that it was like 27 or something. So we said our goal. We were like we're going to raise $30,000 and literally like we were so married to this go like literally my passwords for everything. They found related really like less raised 30k. And so yeah, we we thought that it would be a lot easier than it was but we found ourselves like What a month out from Van like student in the teams or something, but we just we committed ourselves hard to raise so much money. That's the funniest part. We we did not have much of a strategy like for if you talk to Mac. She will tell you that like half of her funds were raised on donor drive and a half of them were like the ribbon sales or something like that but alternative fundraisers like They attacked it with a strategy. We did not know we literally just asked people for money. Yeah, and that's a hard thing to do. Well, we did it without Reserve. Yeah, so we I mean because the reason we felt like we had the possibility to raise 30 grand was because we have like names like yeah. I'm I'm raising money as EXO who is now Oakley known as the Nittany Lion and there's this idea of the Nittany Lions gonna dance-a-thon and the might man that iconic Duo that we've got going on there. We just and iconic is something that we like tried to push in the people's hands like whether they even knew that we were friends are not like we just we tried to phrase it like oh this is like the duo of the century. Um, so yeah, I mean, we really just did our best to push like This this concept and then in this passion that we were we were both going to go out like that was his last time but he's gonna return for next fall, but the other thing that I sold was this is my last event as lion ever. Yeah. So yeah, I mean just asking people to help support that cause was super successful. I mean we started a 7K + 7 Days campaign a week out from Van that blew it out of the water we printed. And shirts and wore them both as Zach and Lyle and like just non-stop for a week straight. And yeah that that campaign hit 10K and then like throughout the rest of thawne. I think like from from Friday when Tom started till the end of Thon. I think we raised. And at least another eight thousand dollars because I mean like at thought we waxed our legs like just it just for publicity like we were just doing it. That's exactly yeah. We went on 46 live and we maxed our legs live and kept like telling people go to our donor Drive donate their. Yeah. And yeah, so I mean, we just did everything we could to to get like eyes on this this idea of fundraising for Thon and it worked out really well. So the official grand total as announce the official grand total as an offset time is forty eight thousand seven hundred twenty-five dollars and 27 cents, but that total is is finalized on Saturday at midnight by the end of fun. We had actually raised over 50 Grand. I don't know that exact total, but well, yeah, it's like basically any of us have ever seen. Yeah, it's there are some Some crazy people out there who like make that but yeah, it's like really it's just that shows the the power of the Penn State Network like yeah the greatest thing that Eric and I have like not just the name for like publicity sake we also networked like crazy throughout our time in our roles. We met so many alumni all across the nation and yeah, we like those relationships that we created were what enabled us to not only break what we thought was the record which turned out not to be the record a lot higher. But anyway, yeah, we we blew our own expectations out of the water just because the Penn State Community rallied around us and it felt incredible. That's awesome. Well, I think that is a really good note. That was a good final. I've had that question geared up and I'm really happy I asked that was my final my One because seeing you dance, you're right when the thing that got me is I saw you dance and song. So this is also my last night as a senior and seeing how the kids act around you is so different than any other dancer on the floor and I'm like, that's so crazy to think about not only are you dancing but your energy level like this the amount of energy used to put in for these 46 hours before Thon and during van is on just like like you're just a different playing field of dancer. So that is Cool who's so much harder than I expected. But yeah, I mean I can't say enough that was like the most rewarding 46 hours of my life. That's awesome. Yeah, it was fantastic. But thanks so much for bringing that we are that was awesome. Thank you so much for being my Instagram is Brawn and brains if anybody has any further questions for gas or recommendations on who should be on the show. Thank you so much Zach. Okay, so traveling on the podcast and I'll talk to you guys again next week.