We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim? We're in San Simeon, California, 4.5 miles off the coast the beautiful Pacific Ocean California deep and how did you describe a beach in property? It's a nature Refuge. I would say and nature Refuge was very into the list right now Johnny. How's the Kite from 10 o'clock? I have a lovely lady who is quite high but not high. Yeah, I'm looking at a tiny house and Bill Booker to about one o'clock. Then there's lots of fairy. It's around all I know proper size light bulbs dangling through the trees. We have a bathtub in the forest outside outdoor shower Crystal getting cleansed under the moon crystal getting cleanse under the moon a very big boiler. Outdoor water heater outdoor water heater would fire wood fire that powers the shell and I used to used to power the shower 3D, but now the outdoor shower runs off propane. Three three dogs. I thought those two wheeler in girl day Lulu deep in the paddock. There's a dome tent with straw colored light then in cave the moon cave, you'll see feathers of that sin. And then we're just huddled around the table drinking tea wine and eating grain free tortilla chips and organic dark chocolate. So that's the same. Spain is set pretty much every night. What was the what was the roots today Josh the route today? We started in Arroyo Grande about 20 kilometers out of San Louis Obispo. Then we went to Morro Bay stuck along the coast till we hit send Simeon we cycled to a what we thought was a state park. Is where we met you. What was that? Christy Beach Christie Beach had a lovely stay bitch Hearst our first State beach near Hearst Castle actually, and then now we have four and a half miles Inland off the color off the coast. Since Simeon, California in San Simeon, California, and we did a hundred and nine kilometers today on the bar big day unexpected to do 85. But here we are have some time. Yeah, it's gonna get steep. You know. Yeah, you're gonna it's gonna slow down a bit for you guys, but it'll be great. When you think we'll hit the hill. I wish you didn't have time schedule. I wish you could just go and just enjoy their well, we're good. I would we could just curious. How long do you think we should stay in Big Sur? Yes, I think you should just go with the flow all the way through Big Sur. Yeah, once again, even for your tab. Yeah, you know, the doesn't that's indeed spend the day at $10 Beach and just down the beach refrigerated Willow Creek have your hot meal waiting and then yeah when you finally break through unbelievable, but now 215 miles from San Fran where Chilly for 40. So the ladies are waiting for you in San Fran you guys already have girls. Yeah. Yeah, that's not every man since Anna I don't think to is it that there is nice. I really good tea ceremony. I can tell Wednesday ceremony in the morning. Hmm. Nipple what else what else we started up his Mo Beach which we didn't see much. It was so foggy. Yeah clouded in so that was a bit of Shame who you're saying? He's mowing. It's all its Glory. Yeah, it was sucked into frequent and she didn't miss much. I've never seen a beach socked in like that. Yeah, three months a year here really to all the summertime. It is kangaroos legs on the beach. I came all the way from Australia very slugs. The sales pitch funny things that happen today. I have a picture of you like to see funny things that happened wasn't really funny day. I don't but nothing outrageously out of the blue happened swerved get it done titrate. Got it done kind of day one of the best parts of the day cycling was we just hit a Purple Patch and we're just sitting on the probably 40 cases in our for 10K. Yeah, we'll just the 40K is now really 10K and 17 minutes. So Six Mile in 17 minutes. We were motoring on the right by me. Yeah now between couldn't tell you was it wasn't it was you know that Forest you're talking about I threw in the Cambria. Yeah not before camrea Oh probably about from K yuccas and my Harmony probably starved like 8 miles before Cambria I'm Leo flying along you enjoy it. I think that's your last downhill for a long time guys. It's a lot of climbing a lot of climbing. Take your time ice your legs a little bit. Just now. Your progress is not going to be like, you know, I've been like need to couple days past couple days, right? Okay. It's a beautiful though offset. Yeah really excited. What else we have to covid the route the distance coming later? Yeah, that was the next thing so my one-percenter today was in ninety five k's into a ride. Not sure where we're going to camp for the night and then there's a man on the street getting out of his truck looks very approachable. And I said, hey mate, do you know if there's any places we can can't tonight? That man was Tim as Melissa. I said if you don't mind backtracking probably eight and a half miles total four miles back and then another four and a half miles in it'll be worth it. And I think you guys will agree very good. Yeah, that was that was I've been heard that word since I've been in the USA. Yo, yeah, I think you'd only find it in Urban Dictionary and tell us what it is. Granny you happy with that label. Absolutely true. You take God. This is not going on air as it. Yeah, it's up to you. If you wanted to know - even spell that if I tried things you love. Can you tell us how this place came about? I'm really thrilled that I got to meet you guys for sure in this even happen. I want to talk more about the gilf over here. South African women that I barely know and Aziz and the weird thing is what you love me or not the first Aussie though. It's amazing how many people shown up and yeah, so we're sitting here in lawn chairs before the table as well. And this kind of all-terrain vehicle Drives By and there's a bikini hang on the mirror drying and it stops. It just passed the gating of grump backs up parks in this its Australian girl, but she wasn't from New Zealand. She's obviously comes running up the driveway and she's like hey, Guys, is this your tiny house and next thing, you know, she's in in the tiny house like touring and just running through or just like seeing are looking for a tiny house. I think she she wanted my tiny house. Wow. She was looking through my eyes popped in and then despite we're just out here by ourselves and then next thing, you know, this guy was running up the driveway and she's in my house just to go straight in your house. Before I said look at those exhausted children. Well, we don't so it's so we were cycling or start recycling but in an exhausted way in your on the in Iran the risky side. Yeah, you're like riding the line. I don't protect him. Yeah. Like this one how many other people wait wait, I'm gonna be right back. came back Okay, and pastas. Well, you know, what I have noticed is that the trees and everything could change dramatically from when one left you guys are you're ready to head into the very Southern edge of the coastal redwood. Yeah for us in which is so exciting to visibly say that chain you can see the first redwoods and cut this side of California here tomorrow and you're cycling tomorrow. We're going to start seeing red. Our the next day depends on how long you guys stay but I imagine I'd be tomorrow how much progress you make, you know, he's a big guy. Yeah. Now you'll see the very Southern edge of the California coastal redwoods and here at the coast. How would you describe redwoods the ones that you see their bottoms like to Australians like listening today? So anyone listening to this that hasn't seen all can understand that like the ones that you'll sell a toaster going to be really A wind burn because they need to depend on each other for to work in the land. So yeah, when you drive up the coast when you ride up the coast and you see the first redwoods are going to be like 3 feet tall and just scorched from the wind and if you walk back a hundred feet, they're going to be overhead and still burned and they just keep getting bigger, but they win they're really win sensitive. So you'll see how they need a group to work in the Wind. I'd spend time at Redwood Gulch in walk back up the canyon a little bit. Yeah, take a look at the Redwoods. Tim has a red wood slab up there by the sink. Hmm. It's pretty impressive that you can get one piece of lumber. So large out of that tree. Yeah tight grain Tom told of the biggest redwoods and figs on the car. I think the biggest ones that you'll see because you're going to write all the way through seeing the biggest Patrice will COV up and um, And Arcata, like how about Mueller and California State Park Mia? What's yeah Muir Woods, there's some pretty good night Three Musketeers on the other side. You can take me. Yeah a Chiba in the stuff at Sheba all the cyclists go there chiba-chiba. Yeah Bo yeah, that's big in Australia and Yeah, good along the Marin Headlands stunning. Yeah, I wouldn't mind going for a run in Marin. Yeah, as well. And what else you're Woods? Well, that's all Mount Tam. So amazing epic time right It's a Good Earth. I'm trash Labs case law. You're gonna go down up by Santa Cruz. Yeah, San Jose Santa Cruz has a dang good as well. Will we ride through it and then come up San Francisco door? There's a cool place got Hook Fish. Yeah eat in San Francisco and by Ocean Beach and then you'll go past and then you'll go over the bridge and then you can do I'll give you directions really. Thank you score score. Not do you sort of do your homework before we kind of know where you go? Nice? We see where we end up at the end of the day and then take 50 miles ahead of that spot and have you researched kind of where you go? You just gotta get to Vancouver by end of the end of March. I'm ready to sing. Then you root for instance from LA. Up the coast. Yeah. Yeah like so Arcada Eureka or see some bread, which is there buddy. Yeah, Joyce are there and yeah, we literally got on Google Maps put in LA to Vancouver and pulled the line. They're cycling line to the left as far as it could go and then we're just going to stick as much as we can on the coast all the way up and then we'll go in there and a bit in. On to you Jane purely for Life the running history there. But other than that and then Seattle we have to be in before we go into Vancouver right goes into here in Portland for a little bit a little bit. Yeah good to Cindy's this outfit all this time strip club in the nation. Yes, not much bigger than no. It's cool. It's like not much bigger than my tiny house. Please poison strip club. It's like you getting lunch there right? Click not tiny houses an absolute modifying its what's important for some reason? What's the measurements of your tiny house? We should measure it. What is it though? Anything the floor space forgot we're on don't corrupt the children granny camera. I think he's 18 to 20 feet 20 feet long and probably Seven feet wide seven feet of one but I think that it to put your feet down on the floor. It's two sheets of plywood. You know that the loft bed doesn't really yeah, so it's not a full rectangular box because it kind of what build on a gradient look to go on a tray right a good haul it off. Okay, so you could move that if you wanted to move it here. He's um The gods incredible stuff. I mean most of the people I think that hired them to build their house ended up frustrated a bit with the process because he's super Argos we learned isn't he he would take it down he would so producer from La would come up this way and by like a really unique piece of property on the coast commission this kind of Frank Frank Lloyd Wright beating that kind of artist guy to build this As for him and then so is considered more of an artist and we are attacked. Yeah. In fact, he said on his gravestone even it says he's not an architect. Right? Well, you never got a license not a licensed architect not a license hurting you referenced him in the what book bill for you in the Miller Henry Miller reference them in you remember the name of it, but you just told me last night. We just saw it. So you enter email and did a lot of riding in Biggs young. He was these guys for wow. So he lived in this and if you commissioned him to build your house you would live in this on site and then eventually you get frustrated because he wasn't built the house fast enough and either push him off or you know, like the fire under his feet, but there was a couple people that gave him like a doctor that gave him a Porsche as a down payment then came back months later check the progress and not much had gone. He wanted to take it back in the roof had been cut off. He filed the vehicle the point where he couldn't Get that I can see he's kind of stuck with him out. There. There's there's houses in Cambria for two and a half million that who do that are listed right now. Yeah, amazing exposed aggregate concrete base and walls, but they weren't just tiny houses. No no medical buildings in San Luis Obispo that are significant structures historic structures and slow that are it's just yeah legendary, but he had a simple life. He saw what he looked like in here and he would work overalls. ASL sticking out a lot usually had two girlfriends cruising with him. He just feels like Chris mad at guy. He's really giant to really big frame well character. See I took 20 years to get a tried for 20 years to get in and finally was at the point where it had been just abandoned and to the point where they're going to crush it and put it in a cage and say it wasn't on the property you brought it. Yeah, and I pursued this for 20 years. I pursued it for 20 years and it was at the point where no one would even want it before I got it and I spent eight thousand and probably six months to restoring it. Give me to the point where and I didn't never knew I'd beat Majesty so it must have He built way before tiny houses were in transit. This is the original tiny house. This is built a finished and 83 in 1983. Wow, that's something for the podcast. This is the original time. You asked you guys for sure and he built he built tiny like actual houses on properties that are worth. I mean Leopold curve on Oceanside a lot show. This is sacred Cove the waves when you sit in this tiny house and it's a house, but it's small for the property that's on it's a miracle that no one's ripped it down and built a mansion on this property and its got like from the from the bathtub you can climb up of kind of rope ladder and push a hatch door and then close the hatch behind yourself and it's all glass and the fireplace in the kitchen and the living room both that metal columns come up from the fireplace through this glass building and he hit it. I mean, it's just it's wild the stuff he did is just crazy. Most of the houses. He built leaked her. We because it's just the protection. I think it just to get that character and do the things that he wanted that would be the challenge to seal it. I think it was the same with the Dome structures the it's just a tough with a canvas that you can seal it pretty well but to shingle it or to waterproof. It would be the challenge. So there's always that but I think with more modern materials they found ways to weatherproof the house example. Wow. Yeah, you'll see me drive up the coasters and amazing on quarter mountain and Big Sur. There's a Japanese style house seat belt. It's just insane. Wow. What's it been like living in the dome? It's nice. Come on can stand up California? Yeah, I'm gonna come back in here. And onions on my grill and just to dinner we had to make me hanging out in the fire. You should go bad don't shower for sure. Definitely. He's probably on this property. That is somewhat drink can be made at a deal with someone to design a house for him. And when I always think when I have my Dream house, whatever. The only things I've got is that it has to have palm trees in an outdoor shower and I like yeah my have to add an outdoor bath next to the shower. Like awkward hopes pretty sweet. What kind of things were available? They straight when I first came out before the I've been living in a really nice house and oranges jeans for you like one of the better spots and our County. I had an outdoor hot shower garage door. Opener full laundry and I came out here to move into this little shit. All the girlfriends. I brought out to visit the property thought. Oh, this is so amazing, but to actually physically move here permanently and to make that commitment was children mind-boggling. I had all everything that I thought I needed is in a storage container on the property that 20-foot see trees. It turns out I don't need any of it. There's 13 surfboards. There's all the clothes bedding. Seeing everything that I thought I needed and that I accumulated at the cake is house. It turns out it's a burden we wanted I've been waiting like the same six outfits for the last three years originally when I put that tub it was on the ground. There wasn't a DAC. Did you build the decals? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I found the spring up the canyon they didn't even know about when I originally didn't found the property and I ran the spring to a four hundred gallon tank, and then I took over. Propane or an old hot-water heater stripped off all the insulation to the point where I got to the tank and then to car rims and made of boiler out of the bottom and set up the tub and it took a lot of work to get even a lukewarm bath, but it was the most rewarding comfortable about that. You could ever imagine. It's just so much went into it as one of the best shows I've ever had and when that Rivers flowing by and then like the in the summer months when a arms up the Crickets and the horned owls are going every night. It's just an orchestra out here. Well, that's not having neighbors is great. The community is awesome. But at the same time you're forced. You've got the community on your property. No. Wow, the people that I want for sure for sure. We found you guys, right? Yeah else keeps going like thank you so much for having us. It really just keeps going like that. Willingness is truly something you willingness as you get older. Tim said Allison thing today when he was talking about hosting people and he said it has complete trust in the people that he houses whether it's here or that previous properties kinds even in relationships, like my friend Dawn time, he's good. Hopefully he'll be here in a little bit from Munich. He said when you put it all out. Quick if you get you figure out pretty quick what's on the other side? It's a good way to live I think yeah. Roar honest open. Yeah, I was the other one about being real the real to be raw. Don't fear or just to be wrong. You guys winding down. I'm wondering if you want any minute and I'm going to pull my kisling. I need to go to bed. Granny. True spark popping up you guys I think we'll wrap things up there and let's try you want to try and move Tommy any questions crucial are for us any topics you want to dive into podcast. I want to know. She didn't want us eating our dehydrated spinach, Dal and rice. Sorry for the young meds. Comes with a price though shoulder shoulder rubs go to Rob's I can give you a shoulder up with Brody 6. That's the spot. Apparently that's what we've got to go guys. But if you take your time up the coast you might hit on Route 1. Nothing on mommy's go there's some incentive to take your time up to the big surprise. They're still here in a week and a half. No, don't do exactly. We mentioned that in the podcast which invention moon on the man cave moving the remember mountain lions away. You safe tonight. We're safe tonight. She's the bay. I'm the bait what we said before if you pee outside the mountain lines things, or maybe we should zip up the tent. That's a wrap. That was a good one. Yeah, that's a wrap. That's the best one you guys.