Hiya. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm a modern man, man for the Millennium digital and smoke-free a diversified Multicultural postmodern deconstructionist, politically anatomically and ecologically incorrect. I've been up length and downloaded have been inputted now. Sourced and all the upside of downsizing another downside of upgrading. I'm a high-tech lowlife a cutting-edge state-of-the-art bicoastal multitasker and I can give you a gigabyte in a nanosecond. I'm New Wave but I'm old school and my inner child is Outward Bound. I'm hot-wired heat-seeking warm-hearted cool customer voice activated and biodegradable. I had to face some of data basement databases in cyberspace. So I'm interactive I'm hyperactive and from time to time. I'm radioactive behind the eight ball ahead of the curve riding the wave dodging the bullet pushing the envelope. I'm on point on task on message and off drugs. I got no need for Coke and speed I got nowhere. Judah Benjamin Purge, I'm in the Moment On The Edge over the top but under the radar a high concept low profile medium-range ballistic missionary a StreetWise smart bomb a Top Gun bottom-feeder iweb palletize at El Pollo. Eliza. Take power naps are run Victory laps. I'm a totally ongoing Bigfoot slam dunk Rainmaker with a proactive Outreach a raging workaholic a working rageaholic out of rehab and in denial. I got a personal trainer a personal shopper a personal assistant and a Personal Agenda. You can't shut me up. You can't dump me down because I'm tireless and I'm Wireless. I'm an alpha male on beta blockers. I'm a non-believer in an overachiever laid back but fashion-forward upfront down-home low-rent high-maintenance super-sized long-lasting high definition fast-acting oven ready and built to last. I'm a Hands-On Footloose knee-jerk headcase prematurely post-traumatic and I have a love child who sends me hate mail, but I'm feeling I'm carrying. I'm healing I'm sharing a supportive bonding nurturing primary caregiver. My output is down, but my income is up. I'll take a short position on the long Bond and my Revenue stream has its own. Cash flow every junk mail to eat junk food. I buy junk bonds or watch Trash Sports. I'm gender-specific capital-intensive user-friendly and lactose intolerance. I like rough sex. I like rough sex. I like tough. Love I use the f word in my email and the software on my hard drive is Hardcore. No soft born. I bought a microwave in a mini-mall about a minivan and a mega store. I eat fast food in the slow lane. I'm toll-free bite-size ready-to-wear and I come in all sizes of fully equipped Factory authorized Hospital tested clinically proven scientifically formulated medical miracle. I've been pre-washed precooked preheated pre-screen pre-approved prepackaged post-dated freeze-dried double wrap vacuum pack and I have an unlimited Broadband capacity. I'm a rude dude, but I'm the real deal lean and mean cocked locked and ready to rock rough tough and hard to Bluff I take it slow. I go with the flow. I ride with the tide. I got Glide in my stride driving and moving sale in and spending jiving and grooving wailing and winning. I don't snooze so I don't lose. I keep the pedal to the metal and the rubber on the road. I party hardy and lunchtime is crunch time. I'm hanging in. There ain't no doubt and I'm hanging tough over and out. I am I am. Are you very much? Video, thank you. Hey, I got three hundred and forty one days. Sober next year's my 50th anniversary in Show Business. Let's do a fucking show, huh? You know something people don't talk about in public anymore pussy farts. So anyway, now I said that on my last HBO show and apparently some people don't know. What a pussy. For it is because I got some inquiries. Here's the deal. A pussy fart is like when you're making love to a woman who's got a little extra air in her vagina and everytime you thrust forward. It's kind of a And the two of you just lying there. He just wondering if the other one farted. And the man is usually thinking maybe she fights when she comes maybe she took a shit man. I got to stay out of that fucking bar. Another word. You don't hear too often as dingleberries, you know, you never hear it on Meet the Press. The dingleberry solution dingleberry gate is closed. Dingleberries is one of them words. You don't say too much pasture 10th birthday. It's not a grown-up's word. It's a kids were dingleberries always sounded kind of Christmasy to me. Don't you think it has a holiday ring to it? Dingleberries John you might want to hang some dingleberries over the front door. Then when Marianne comes over she can kiss you under the dingleberries. It is to be devoutly wished. That she would kiss me under the dingleberries. Cornhole is another word. You don't hear enough. You don't hear that nearly enough. You know, it's a good words a solid word. It's a tough words a man's kind of words got a masculine sound like like like shotgun and Ash can tow truck cornhole. Everything has been everything has been sanitized and cleaned up first with these fucking Christians. Just start with them. Yeah, that's just one. But let's not let's not leave out these these PC Kappa campus liberal assholes. I mean, they're just as fucking bad from a different direction, but everything's different. Everything's been polished up doubts anal intercourse anal rape bullshit. Cornhole. I'm a big fan of The Primetime crime shows. I like all of them pretty much. You know, I like Law and Order and all the spin-offs of that. I like CSI and all of those spin-offs because yeah because their forensic shows, you know, and I'm just waiting for one night to be sitting there watching one of them shows and the chief medical examiner turns to the lead detective in says Steve looks to me like after they killed this guy the perpetrators rolled him over and cornholed him about 30 or 45. That there is a posthumous multiple cornhole entry wound. In prison, it's a social activity. Yeah, it's right up there on the bulletin board Checkers handball cornholing. Now just to change the subject a little bit. Do you realize do you realize that right this second right now somewhere around the world. Some guy is getting ready to kill himself. They're not great. And that crate you ever stop and think about that kind of shit. I do is fun and it's interesting and it's true right this second. Some guy is getting ready to bite the big bazooka because statistics show that every year a million people commit suicide a million. That's 2800 a day. That's one every 30 seconds. There goes another guy and I say gosh I say guy because men are four times more likely than women to commit suicide even though women attempted more so men are better at it. As something else you gals want to be working on. Well, if you want to be truly equal you're going to have to start taking your own lives in greater numbers. But yeah, but I just think it's interesting to know interesting. That's a big word in this show for me interesting to know that at any moment. The odds are good that some guy is dragging a chair across the garage floor trying to get it right underneath that ceiling beam went on to be too far off. Her if it's worth doing it's worth doing right? Somewhere else another guy's going over and getting a gun out of a dresser drawer. Somebody else is opening up a brand new package of razor blades may be struggling with the cellophane a little bit, you know shit, it's always something God damn it. I just think that's interesting is hail. That's probably the most interesting thing you can do with your life and it How do you do that dog? Could you I couldn't commit suicide if my life depended on it, but I understand it. You know, I think I do. I don't wonder about it. I don't want to know why do you do that or what was going through his mind you'd only wonder where do you find a fucking time? Who's got time to be committed suicide, aren't you busy? I got shit to do suicide would be way down on my list probably down pest Lighting on house on fire. I might want to try a little self-mutilation first, you know, take a couple of honks out of my arm. See if I like the general idea because you got to have priorities man. Yeah, you got to have a plan to for something like that got a plan that shit people don't just run out the house and jump off a bridge. There are things you have to decide timing is important when you're going to do it. Let me see now. Wednesday's up got to take Timmy to the circus. survivors on on Thursday Friday I got my colon cleansing. Folks are coming over on Sunday Sunday by got that be just the thing. Maybe Mom will find my body server right for fucking me up the way she did. Then you have to pick a method how you going to do it and it's even afraid of heights. That's no good. That's why the pills don't like the sight of blood fucking ovens Electric. A lie down in front of trains have damn tracking come through here in 30 goddamn here. Maybe I'll just take a gun and shoot myself in the mouth. Suppose. I miss people be laughing at me. Suppose I live have a big fucking hole in my head after where some kind of dumb ass hat. Well, I guess you just hang myself and be good. Got to get a rope shit. It's always something. I got a rope in the garage and it's got a lot of grease and paint on it to want to get this stuff on my neck. Walmart's having a special on rope this weekend though since been a lot of money to kill himself. Then I got always put it on my credit card never have to pay the fucking that's it. Then I'm hanging myself in Walmart's paying for it. What's next I know she's got to express myself. Hell I could express myself. I want to be thinking of doing something. I guess where's a pen can never find a pen told the kids not to move the pan away from that telephone goddamn kids, but just kill them to make a wine and family package deal. He has been her. He's jamming and my fucking neck and get it over with. Let's see now. Where do you put the date upper left? I can never remember that. to whom it may concern sounds kind of impersonal. Dear Mars, Del leaves out to kids. I know. Hey guys. Guess what? He bothering how are you? I hope you are fine. I am not fine as you can no doubt till for me hanging here from the ceiling fixture. You are the ones who drove me to this. I was doing just fine until you fuckers came along. I hope you're happy. Now that I'm goddamn dead signed the corpse in this room PS. Fuck you people. whoa You're not. That would be a good note. I don't think a writer could ever commit suicide you rather be too busy working on an old all goddamn year trying to get it just right first draft second draft third revision whole new ending finally turned into a book proposal and have a reason to live that would work. I think about stuff like that. It's interesting to me. Like I said certain things are interesting suicides interesting life is filled with interesting things. That's why I could never commit suicide. I'm having too much fun keeping an eye on you folks watching what you do human. Here that's what I like humans do some really interesting things like besides killing ourselves. We also kill each other murder and we're the only ones who do that by the way. We're the only species on Earth that deliberately kills members of our own species for personal gain or pleasure. Sometimes it's just fun. We're also the only species who deliberately kills members of another species for personal gain or pleasure. That's what Hunters do they kill for pleasure. That's us human beings interesting folks murder. Hers has an interesting form of murder we come up with. Assassination, you know, what's interesting about assassination? Well, not only does it change those popularity polls in a big fucking hurry. But it's also interesting to notice who it is. We assassinate children notice who it is stop to think who it is. We kill it's always people who told us to live together in harmony and try to love one another Jesus Gandhi Lincoln John Kennedy Bobby Kennedy Martin Luther King Medgar Evers Malcolm X John Lennon. They all said try to live together peacefully bam. right in the fucking head Apparently we're not ready for that. And that's difficult behavior for us, but too busy thinking around sitting around trying to think of ways to kill each other. Here's one we came up with sufficient to genocide, you know killing large numbers of people simply because they don't look like you they don't talk like you and they don't have the same kind of hats you do. Give an honest town anytime you see two groups of people who really hate each other chances are good. They're wearing different kind of hats keep an eye on that. It might be important. But anytime there's genocide there are always Mass Graves every time we kill some dictator and go marching to his country. We always find mass Graves thousands of thousands of dead bodies of people have dictated killed and everybody over here gets horrified. Wow mask ways mask as well. Well shit what's a guy supposed to do with a couple of thousand people you just go Dick separate holes. Fuck that shit. It's labor-intensive get real the whole idea of killing a large number of people at one time in one place is convenience efficiency problem in the fucking hole. Look at it this way at least the dictator had the decency to throw a little dirt on them. Give a guy some credit dictators a busy man. Got a lot on his mind like trying to figure out who's planning to kill him so I can pick them up put them in prison and torture them. Here's another one of our interesting heartwarming behaviors. We came up with somewhere along the way touching each other. You want to hear a really cool torture that the Romans invented. They also used as a form of capital punishment. It's really creative. They would take the guy in question stuff them in a burlap sack see Le Sac up real tight and throw it in the river. But and here's the creative part inside the sack with the guy. They would put a dog a monkey and a snake, okay. A dog a monkey and a snake that's fucking creative. Imagine being inside a burlap sack underwater in the dark sitting next to a drowning monkey. Think he'd be moving around a little bit the dog and be gone apeshit. We know that and the snake. Well, he'd probably be getting curious about what all the activity was inside the sack. He might do anything but every did it would probably involve Venom and his teeth. You know, what you'd be doing. You'd be praying to God that the snake bit the monkey and the dog ate the snake. Praying. Yeah. Thanks. Then it would be just you and the dog man and his best friend drowning together maybe before you died, you could teach him a few tricks roll over and play dead wouldn't be too difficult with it. Just a thought just a playful thought by the way, by the way assume you're noticing that all these activities are mentioning murder torture genocide. These are all things human beings. Do not animals those creatures. We feel Superior to This Is Us. Here's another one of our spiritually uplifting activities. We don't do this one much anymore, but it used to be really big human sacrifice. I missed that the Aztecs loved human sacrifice and they were good at it. Well, I got a lot of practice Prince was right around the year 1500 the Aztecs sacrificed 80,000 people in one ceremony. Okay, 80,000 people once our money. You know what the occasion was there opening a new Temple? Nothing, like religion for a little entertainment. Huh? Especially that old time religion. Now the Aztecs went about their sacrificing is are they do they would do it right out in public right in front of everybody Big Town beautiful city Square 20 30 thousand people looking on they would take the guy lay them on an altar cut his chest open pull his heart out and hold it up in the air while it was still beating got that cut his chest open pull his heart out and hold up in the air while it was still beating don't you call that theater? That is fucking theater and although the procedure may have been a little too crude to be considered the first bypass surgery. It could easily be seen as an early form of organ donor program. The Aztecs human beings just like us not too long ago 500 years Columbus had already landed. This is just south of you. Mejico. And by the way, those hearts didn't go to waste did not go to waste because right after the ceremonies the royal family naturally would enjoy another one of our amusing. Is cannibalism cannibal imagine that challenged down another human being you got to be all out of beef jerky, man. You got to be really fucking hungry, but it happens doesn't it still happens to this day bunch of people stranded in the wilderness run out of Pop-Tarts got eat something. As well be Steve. And how do you decide who to eat first? How do you decide who's first on the barbecue rack to pick on the little guy because he's skinny and he can't fight back. What do you all gang up on the body builder? Because he got a lot of Steaks and Chops on them. These are things human beings have to consider one more of these Charming diversions of ours necrophilia. Not as a hobby for you fucking a corpse. Takes a special kind of guy don't you think? But it happens. It happens more than you might think that happens among humans animals. Don't do that animals. Don't fuck they're dead a rat will do a lot of gross things, but he will not fuck a dead rat the wouldn't even occur to him. Only a human being would think to fuck someone who just died. We got to be the most interesting Critters on the planet. And then we wonder why UFO doesn't just land and say hello. You know the best thing about necrophilia you don't have to bring flowers. Yeah. Usually they're already there. Isn't that nice? It's nice. It's convenient human beings will do anything and any I am convinced that's why when all is beheadings started in Iraq. Didn't bother me. I took it right in stride. A lot of people here were horrified. Ah beheadings he had enemies. What are you fucking surprised just one more form of extreme human behavior besides who cares about some mercenary civilian contractor from Oklahoma who gets his head cut off fuck em, fuck them. Hey Jack, you don't want to get your head cut off. Stay the fucking, Oklahoma. Stay the fucking, Oklahoma. Ain't cutting off heads in Oklahoma far as I know but I do know this you strap on a gun and go strutting around some other man's country. You better be ready for some action Jack. You better be ready for some action. People are touchy about that sort of thing. Let me ask you this while I have you good clean Americans here. This is a moral question not rhetorical. I'm looking for the answer. What is the moral difference between Cutting off one guy's head or two or three or five or ten and dropping a big bomb on the hospital and killing a whole bunch of sick kids has anybody in Authority giving you an explanation of the difference? I have not gotten an email on this. No one will talk. We haven't gotten a postcard not a fucking instant message. Nothing now case you're wondering why I have a certain interest in Fascination. Let's call it with torture and beheadings and all of these things I've mentioned is because each of these items reminds me in life, but every time I Them occurs. It reminds me over and over again what beasts we human beings really are, you know, when you get right down to it when you get right down to it human beings are nothing more than ordinary jungle beasts Savages. No different from the Cro-Magnon people who live 25,000 years ago in the pleistocene forest eating grubs off a rotten logs. No different. Our DNA hasn't changed substantially in a hundred thousand years. We're still operating out of the lower brain The Reptilian Brain Fight or flight kill or be killed now. We like to think we've evolved and advanced because we can build a computer flying airplane travel underwater. We can write a sonnet paint a painting composed an opera but you know something we're barely out of the jungle on this planet barely out of the fucking jungle. What we are is semi civilized Beast with baseball caps and automatic weapons. And this civilization of ours we're so proud of this civilization with its so-called civilized Behavior you ever stop and realize how fragile all this is how fragile a holster how easily could just break right down just break right down wouldn't take much probably happen in less than two years wouldn't take much all to throw us right back into barbaric times. All you'd have to do would be eliminate electricity. That's all but but completely eliminate electricity, so, No, electricity, no light your back to candles and lanterns campfires and bonfires batteries couldn't be recharged generators couldn't be refueled because fuel is pumped electrically. So is Water by the way, so no lights no fuel no water. No computers and computers run everything and among the many things computers run and that operate on electricity are all of these security systems in all of our jails and prisons and and not houses so suddenly without Chasity all across America the gates and cell doors of penitentiary's and mental institutions would fly open and out would come all of our old friends the ones who've been away at camp serial killers Mass murderers felony rapist armed robbers carjackers home Invaders thieves burglars kidnappers say to his pedophile sexual predators pimps pushers pornographers speed freaks crackhead. I'd sick junkies all the ethnic street gangs black Spanish in Asian gangs Japanese. Yakuza Russian. Mafia. Neo-nazis, white supremacist Sicilian Hitman Italian Mobsters, Jamaican and Colombian drug gangs. And those are just the ones we caught. Let's not forget their counterparts still on the outside right now waiting to hook up with their prison buddies. So they can start a new organization the American Federation of sociopaths. Just what the country needs another special interest group 8 to 10 million of net be counting all the Parolees and all the probationers in the ones who've never been caught eight to ten million bitter angry violent sexually hyperactive alpha males with Nothing to do. No Hobbies. No medications. No Scruples. Just a bunch of bad guys. Looking for a good time. Maybe dropping by your house. I hope we're not intruding. Got any beer. Oh good. Well, I got about 1400 really thirsty guys here. How about women got any women just your wife. Well, I think we can make that work. Now boys, there's a lady here. So I want you to mind your manners and wait your turn police wouldn't help you they'd be gone at the first sign of trouble. They'd be home protecting their own families. So the Army the National Guard you'd be alone. You'd be on your own you'd be Sol and jwf shit out of luck in Jolly. Well fucked shit out of luck and jolly well fuck after a couple of years of living like that. Beheadings would be the least of your problems people would be lining up to be beheaded. So let's get back to Suicide which now seems like a reasonable alternative. Suicide is an interesting topic to me because it's an inherently interesting decision to decide voluntarily not to exist anymore. It's profound. You know what it is. It's the ultimate makeover. That's why I think it belongs on television in this in this depraved culture. We live in with all these reality shows suicide and television will be a natural I'll bet you could have it all suicide channel on cable TV. I'll betcha. If they got all golf what the fuck? Ah God. Damn, she's you ever watch golf, you know watch golf is like watching flies. Fuck if you get a bunch of brainless assholes assistant a waste of Sunday afternoon, and that kind of shit, you know, you can get the people to watch them. So is that all day long 24 hours a day nothing but suicides Must Die TV, you get a lot of people watching that shit. You did a lot of people volunteering to be on there to just sort of friends who see him on TV. You people are fucking goofy. You did a lot of volunteers. You could all I'm left over asshole some Let's Make a Deal they'd be lined up around the block pushing each other out of the way pushing on funny capes and caps and hats and makeup and call themselves. Captain suicide guys will be competing for most unusual method people to be jumping off of silos like themselves on fire putting rat poison on a Taco drink and mop and Glo stick and mothballs up their ass. You probably have some weird fuck show up with figured out how to kill himself with dental floss of a stinger missile. People are fucking goofy. I bet you can find you a married couple in this country shit. I bet you you can find a married couple in one of them trailer parks or something who'd be perfectly willing to sit in a loveseat and blow each other's heads off with shotguns while a love song is playing people are fucking nuts. This country is full of nitwits and assholes. You haven't noticed that oh my goodness. Yes. Nitwits assholes fuck up scumbags jerk-offs and dip shits and they all vote. A all vote that in fact, sometimes you get the impression. They're the only ones who vote. You can usually tell has been doing the voting by looking at the fucking like she returns man. It sure ain't me out there wasting my time with a meaningless activity like that. You know those people on the Jerry Springer Show. Those are the average Americans. Oh, yeah, believe me below average can't get on the show can't gone below average. You're sitting home watching this shit on TV get ready to go out and vote filling out their sample. Ballot. People are fucking dumb. You can say what you want. At this country and I love this place. I love the freedoms. We used to have I love it. I love that. I love it when I didn't take a fucking catastrophe to get us to care for one another I love the fact that we're on camera all the time from all angles. But you know what you can say what you want about America and I say I love this place. I wouldn't have it any other way would live in any other time in history and any other place but say what you want about America land of the free home of the brave. We got some dumb ass motherfuckers floating around his country dumbass motherfucker. Now obviously that doesn't include this audience. I understand that you seem intelligent and perceptive but the rest of them holy Jumpin fucking shit balls. Dumber than a second coat of paint and a saint just rantin and Ravin. This ain't just blowing off steam. I got a little evidence to support my claim. It just seems to me seems to me that only a really low IQ population could have taken this beautiful continent This Magnificent American landscape that we inherited. Well, actually we stole it from the Mexicans and the Indians but Hey, it was nice when we stole it look pretty good. It was pristine Paradise. Have you seen it lately? Have you taken a good look at it lately as fucking embarrassing only a nation of unenlightened half-wits could have taken this beautiful place and turned it into what it is today a shopping mall a big fucking shopping mall. You know that That's all you got. That's all you've got here folks mile. After mile of mall. After more many many malls major malls in many malls. They put the many malls in between the major malls and in between the Mini Mall's we put the mini Marts and in between the Mini Mart you got the car lots gas stations muffler shops. Laundromats cheap hotels fast food joint strip clubs and dirty bookstores America the beautiful one big transcontinental commercial Cesspool. And how did the people feel about all this? How did I people feel about living in a Coast-to-Coast shopping mall? Well, they think it's just fucking Dandy. They think it is cool as can be because Americans love the mall. They love them all. That's where they get to satisfy their two most prominent addictions at the same time shopping and eaten millions of semi-conscious Americans day after day shuffling through the malls shopping and eating especially eating Americans. Love to eat. They are fatally attracted to the slow death of fast food. Food hot dogs corn dogs triple bacon cheeseburgers deep-fried butter dip in pork fat and cheese whiz mayonnaise smoked barbecued. Mozzarella Patty melts Americans will eat anything anything anything if you were selling sauteed raccoons assholes on a stick? Americans would buy them and eat them, especially if you dip them in butter and put a little salsa on them. This country is big-time Pig time forget the bald eagle. You know what the national emblem of this country ought to be a big bowl of macaroni and cheese a big bulk is everything in this country is king size king size extra large and superjumbo, especially the fucking people. Have you seen some of the people in this country? Have you taken a good look at some of these big fat motherfuckers walking around big fat motherfuckers? Oh my God, huge piles of redundant protoplasm lumbering through the malls, like a fleet of Interstate buses. The people in this country are immense mass of bellies monstrous thighs and big fat fucking asses. And if you stand there for a minute you look at one of them you look at one of them you begin to wonder. How does this woman take a shit? How does she shit and even more frightening? How does she wipe her ass? Can she even locate her asshole? She must require assistance are paramedics trained in this field is standing right next to her, of course with a plate full of nachos and a mouth full of Pie as they're clueless fucking husband, Joe sixpack with his monstrous swollen beer belly hanging dangerously out over his belt beer belt buckle. This guy ain't seen his dick since the Nixon Administration and if you stand there and you look at the two of them you begin to wonder to yourself. Today's people fuck is this man actually capable of fucking this woman? It doesn't seem structurally possible that these two people could achieve penetration. Maybe they're in that Cirque du Soleil or something. Telling you the people in this country are every half of every one of the one of them is 50 pounds overweight. They are gargantuan. And in the summertime God help us and in summertime. They all want to wear short pants Jesus Lord protector of all that is good and holy deliver me from fat people in short pants. They all got short pants big bellies fat thighs and dumb kids short pants big bellies fat thighs and dumb kids. Everyone's got to Dumbass kids with them and the whole Family is wearing t-shirts and everyone's got the same t-shirt. I'm with stupid apparently in this country. The stupids are an extended family and besides wearing them t-shirts everyone in the family's got on a backpack got a backpack strapped to their back so they can carry around lots of stupid shit. And the reason they got to carry their stupid shit strapped to their backs as because their hands must remain free at all times to hold food and to get that food up to the mouth work and shoveled in with all the rest of the disgusting shit. They ate that day and another reason for the backpacks is these people are going to buy even more stupid shit. They got enough stupid shit at home. They just had a stupid shit sale. They're gonna buy more they're going to go out in the parking lot and stuff this stuff into the big fat ugly over sized SUV that's got plenty of room in it plenty of room in it for stupid shit and lots of room left over for these big fat ugly motherfuckers to get them home stopping of course for jelly roll and fried dough. These people these people are efficient professional compulsive consumers. It's their civic duty consumption is the new National Pastime fuck baseball its consumption. The only true lasting American value that's left by and Things by and things people spending money. They don't have on things. They don't need money. They don't have on things they don't need so they can max out their credit cards and spend the rest of their lives paying 18% interest on something to cause 1250 and they didn't like it when they Got it home. Anyway, not too bright folks not to fucking bright, but if you talk to him about this is isolate one time, you sit him down rationally you talk to him about the low IQs and the dumb Behavior and the bad decisions right away. They start talking about education. That's the big answered everything education. They said we need more money for Education. We need more books more teachers more classrooms more schools. We need more testing for the kids. He said, oh, well, you know, we've tried all of that and the kids still can't pass the test. So I don't you worry about that. We're going to lower the passing grades. That's what they do in a lot of these schools. Now, they lower the passing grade. Some more kids can pass more kids pass the school looks good. Everybody's happy the IQ of the country slips another two or three points and pretty soon. All you'll need to get into college is a fucking pencil got a pencil get the fuck in there. It's physics then everyone wonders why 17 other countries graduate more scientists, and we do education politicians know that word. They use it on you politicians have traditionally hidden behind three things the flag the Bible and Children No Child Left Behind No Child Left Behind. I'll really well. It wasn't long ago. You were talking about giving kids a head start at start left behind. Someone's losing fucking ground here. But there's a reason there's a reason there's a reason for this is a reason education sucks is the same reason that it will never ever ever be fixed. It's never going to get any better. Don't look for it be happy with what you got because the owners of this country don't want that. I'm talking about the real owners. Now the real owners the big wealthy business interests that control things and make all the important decisions forget the politicians. The politicians are put there to give you the idea that you have freedom of choice. Ace you don't you have no choice you have owners. They own you they own everything they own all the important land they own and control the corporations. They've long since bought and paid for the Senate the Congress the state houses the City Halls. They got the judges in their back pockets and they own all the big media companies. So they control just about all of the news and information you get to hear they got you by the balls. They spend billions of dollars every year lobbying lobbying to get what they They want well, we know what they want. They want more for themselves and less for everybody else, but I'll tell you what, they don't want. They don't want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking they don't want well informed well educated people capable of critical thinking then I didn't you didn't that that doesn't help them that's against their interest. That's right. They don't want people who are smart enough to sit around a kitchen table to figure out how badly they're getting fucked by a system that threw them overboard Thirty fucking years ago. They don't want that. You know what they want. They want obedient workers obedient workers people who are just smart enough to run the machines and do the paperwork and just dumb enough to passively accept all these increasingly shittier jobs with the lower pay the longer hours to reduce benefits the end of overtime and the vanishing pension that disappears the minute you go to collect it and now they're coming for your social. Social Security money they want your fuckin retirement money. They want it back so they can give it to their criminal friends on Wall Street and you know something they'll get it. They'll get it all from you sooner or later because they own this fucking place. It's a big club and you ain't in it you and I are not in the big club. By the way, it's the same big Club. They use to beat you over the head with all day long when they tell you what to believe all day long beating you over the head in their media telling you what to believe what to think and what to buy by the table is tilted folks. The game is rigged and nobody seems to notice. Nobody seems to care good honest hard-working people white collar Blue Collar doesn't matter what color shirt you have on good honest hard-working people continue. These are people of modest means continue to elect these rich cock suckers who don't give a fuck about them. They don't give a fuck about you. They don't give a fuck about you. They don't care about you at all at all at all. You know. And nobody seems to notice. Nobody seems to care. That's what the owners count on the fact that Americans will probably remain willfully ignorant of the big red white and blue dick that's being jammed up their assholes everyday because the owners of this country know the truth. It's called The American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it. But say what you want about American folks. Yeah, you can say what you want about Americans. You can call them smart dumb ignorant. Naive gullible easily LED whatever you want. You're going to have to deal with them. You're going to have to deal with them because you're in the television business. Now, you got the all suicide channel on cable TV, you need these people as viewers. You need people looking and you got to worry about your ratings. You're going to have to be thinking about sweeps months. Most folks know what sweeps months are. Now. Those are the more important sweeps. Well ratings months of the year, when they when they put on all their biggest attractions in their hottest stars try and pump the ratings up a little bit get the local stations to adjust their advertising rates. You're going to have to need to you're going to have to Compete and with the mentality of network television and I think on an all suicide Channel during sweeps months you're going to have to go with mass suicides big public events were hundreds of people kill themselves all at the same time right on live TV, and I've been wrestling with a way to do this. I've been trying to figure this I swear to God, this is the truth. I've been trying to figure this part of it out for six months now and I only recently haven't so I'm going to tell you about it now, we're going to have to get lots and lots of people to kill themselves on demand. How are we going to do this? That's the How are we going to get large numbers of people to commit suicide at a time and place of our choosing and I mean large numbers because don't forget beside sweeps. We're going to have to be thinking about twenty four-hour-a-day programming. So to make this work, we need organization. You need a system can't just sit around the studio all day long and wait for people to drop by and commit suicide. What we have to do is build up a large pool of hopeless people suicide volunteers people with no. Hope people whom Society has given up on Fate has given up on or who have given up on themselves. Rock-bottom dead-end totally fucked up people with no hope and no reason to live how we got our share them folks think of it as a pyramid that that'll give you a visual fix on it think of it as a pyramid the Pyramid of the Hopeless. We're going to start building this pyramid at the very base naturally and the bottom is long with the bottom layer is going to be homeless people God knows we got plenty of them. Nobody gives a fuck about him. Nobody's taking them to nobody's got a plan. Nobody's got any money. Nobody's got a program. Nobody gives a fuck about homeless people. We don't know how many we have even we don't fight. Mm mm our veterans because we're so good to the veterans in this country and we know about a million and 400,000 of them are children now, so we got a million and a half children and God knows how many more we got totally fucking hopeless in the pyramid to go now. The next group are going to cook put in here is these are the people in prison with these long sentences. They've been given many of them deserved. I'll grant you that. I'm sure half the people in prison are in there for things they really did that's not a bad average one out of two. But nobody nobody gives a shit about these people. Nobody's going to hire them if they do get out. They never going to get out Rehabilitation. Does it work and the judge has given these fucking Draconian sentences, 40 50 60 70 80 hundred years since life term double like one guy about a month ago was given three consecutive life terms plus to death penalties. How the fuck do you serve that? Even David Copperfield can't do that shit in order to do that. You'd have to be a Hindu. Then you have two people on death Road. Anyone anywhere in the fucking pyramid to go now the next layer this group is self-selected self-selected and a bit controversial to some years. I guess. These are these people who claim to be depressed. Okay apparently in This Land of Plenty this richest nation in the history of the world was so proud of saying that some supermarkets have a hundred thousand items in him. We have 19 million Americans claiming to be depressed and someone Medicine for sometimes a medicine makes one of them commit suicide and that depresses the shit out of the rest of them. Then you have these people who only think they're depressed. They think they're depressed because they saw the commercial on TV and the doctor looked like a good guy the music sounded kind of Pepe and what the fuck some of these pills are probably just picked me right up totally fucking home hopeless mind said in the fucking pyramid up at the very top we are going to put the people who are truly sick the terminally ill. Unfortunately. No. Hope for a lot of money. As of thousands of them, there's no cure for what they have. Some of them says there's no cure cause nobody's looking for one. They didn't people sick with it. So they know money in the fucking cure. Then there's people who've got there's a cure but they don't have the money for it as an unsecured. But but the too far gone, there's other ones are secure but there's no social means to get to it. So these people ain't going anywhere. They should be allowed to commit suicide boom in the fucking pyramid. They go now, thank you what you got here folks think of yourself as the Executive Vice President of programming at the all suicide Channel think of what you have to work within the pyramid. Of the Hopeless you have homeless imprisoned condemned depressed and terminally ill people and I'm going to bet you anything in this depraved culture of ours bet you anything with the reality show mentality we have on the all suicide Channel you could get 500 of these hopeless people to hold hands and jump into the Grand Canyon a fucking bet y'all fucking bet you could get that done. On in this country right this now I'll bet you for money for money for money. You got to give him something. You know, you got 200 shit. They're Americans. They're for sale. Give them a little something America's to do anything, but you got to give him a toaster. Don't you give him a little prize of some kind of I wants a Gizmo Gizmo Gizmo. Give my cell phone get my laptop. Give my cell phone takes a picture of a laptop get my laptop takes picture of a cell phone. Give him one them three-wheeled vehicles. Give me an all-terrain vehicle. Give me give me one time riding lawn mowers get him a snow blower gig An outdoor barbecue or jetski get one of those things they buy for themselves when they're trying to take their minds off how badly they're getting fucked by the system. I know what you do just before these people jump you give him a hat with a camera in it and you tell him it's jump cam. Tell him to send the video home to the family t-shirt who don't want a t-shirt. Everybody does give me a nice t-shirt. I committed suicide and all I got was a stupid fucking t-shirt. All right now, If you want to really raise the profile of this promotion get some of those Evangelical Christians to volunteer for it and you call it jump for Jesus. Jump pudgy, they would bite they would go for it. Hey, you got to be fair. Got to be fair about these Christians. They come in for a lot of abuse these days. You do have to be fair. All a Christian really wants out of life is to die and go see Jesus. Give me a helping hand do the Christian thing. Tell him it's a shortcut to Heaven mention the word martyr works in the Muslims works on the Catholics might work with these folks. Never know. Hey, hey, I know. Give a little encouragement Banya fanatical fuckers down there. He's down there. He's down there. He's at the bottom of the canyon look for the man with a glowing head. All you can have a lot of fun with Channel like that. But you know something folks maybe you don't want to be on cable. Maybe you don't want to be on cable. It is a limited audience. You might want to widen out and get more people looking in you're going to have to go to the broadcast networks one of the big broadcast networks, and I don't know about you, but when I think about suicide Broadcast network television, I'm thinking fucked huh? I'm telling you. But if the people at Fox ain't sitting around having meetings on my deal like this day and doing a goddamn jobs over there. So you put this thing on Fox it would get Budweiser the sponsored by Budweiser a whole bunch of car company. So people can be thinking about drinking and driving at the same time and that fun and it's fun to watch the sporting events on American television drink this drive that fuck you. They don't care. They don't give a shit about you and then every now and then they qualify the whole message. drink responsibly So you put this thing on Fox and if you do if you do or on any broadcast network, you're going to have to bring in that younger audience that by knows that as at the advertisers looking for is he's 18 to 24 year old you're going to have to get young people interested in this, you know, you get young people interested in suicide. You don't call it suicide you call it extreme living they would go for it. Listen young people are attracted to the suicide in the first place. Did you know suicide is the third leading cause Cause of death between 15 and 24 third ninth in the general population. I'll give you an idea how popular this after-school activity has become among our teenage folks, especially these young boys these adolescent males and a lot of them, you know why they kill themselves when they're jerking off. They don't mean to it just happens, you know about that. Yes, um, you know, I can tell a lot of people don't know about lot of people never heard it at you know, it's just one of those things Americans can't handle we can't handle that. We don't talk about that John Larry King live at and I'm Barbara Walters jingle see it in People magazine, but it's out there folks. It's out there and it's extremely common. You just ask any teenage boy, you know who trust you ask him what he knows or what he's heard about cutting off your air supply. Apply just at the moment. You're about to have a sexual release here tell you an interesting story story or to the kids call it scarfing because some you scarves to do it or screw the kid just get on the internet do it yourself Google in the words autoerotic asphyxia autoerotic asphyxia. It's the practice of cutting off the oxygen to the brain at the last moment during masturbation in order to heighten the orgasm and when I say common of thousand kids a year die this way, okay a thousand died. So think how many of them are I'm trying to pull this off if you pardon a little pain that I've thrown is just to just to lighten the mood. But here's the way it works. Apparently. I never tried it. It sounded risky to me. Well jerking off is all I need. You know what I mean? Folks. I ain't trying to double my money. Fuck that shit. Yeah, I just jerk off wipe off my chest get up and go to work, you know. Nothing fancy and nothing fancy at our house. We're simple folk, but here's the way it's supposed to work. And this is why it's such a big attraction in the first place. Apparently it is true medically physiologically speaking that if you can cut off your Air Supply the oxygen to your brain just at the moment you're about to have an orgasm the orgasm is about I don't know. Let's say five hundred times better something like that. It's incredibly intense. So what you got to do who is stand up on a chair or bucket or some kind of thing you put a rope around your neck and you start jerking off and while you're pulling your PUD while you're pulling your part you have to arrange to almost strangle yourself just before you have an orgasm and by the way while all this activity is going on you got to maintain a heart on which ain't easy cause you might just be getting ready to buy the farm so you better be fantasizing about someone you really like or Thing you really like? I don't know what it might be baby getting fucked in the ass by a game. Warden. Who knows? Hey, hey, I'm not here to judge. We're all different to each his own. So let's recap stand on a chair rope around your neck Peter in your hand. Now you have to time it just right so that just before you come you're almost died. And sometimes you miscalculate. You don't know if you're coming or going. And the parents of these kids are too embarrassed to tell the police they put the kids dick away and say he had poor grades. His girlfriend left him. Oh, well, no wonder lady. Look at his fucking Hobbies. Then they blame it on heavy metal. You know, that's you know, if you remember that but from that Old incident there some years back Judas Priest the one of the head-banging band somebody played a song after that and they kill themselves. And so they blame suicide on heavy metal if it's murder they tend to blame rap these days, but it's never the parents. Jimmy notices parents apparently play no part in the development and Outcomes of these kids parents, you know, they can raise a kid, apparently 11 12 13 14 15 years if he turns out fucked up boy that nothing to do with that must be those kids at the parking lot of hangs around with their it's got to be among the most full of shit people in the world. Well, they always have been top to bottom front to back listen to cut In fairness. It comes with the job. If you want to be a parent you got to be full of shit at least half the time look at it this way. They have it both ways. If the kid turns out to be a loser they had nothing to do with that, but boys. He's a winner got a scholarship or something like that man. At first ones out there raising a hand trying to take a little credit. It's a nice state of mind if you can talk yourself into believing it but these are the kind of things I think about when I'm sitting home alone during an electrical storm wait for the parole officer to give me a call and these ideas these ideas come floating into my head. Just float right in unbidden. I'm not asking for these things. I'm a vessel. I'm a mere vessel incomes these thoughts and some are a little off beat. I'm going to grant you that I was thinking about these younger women who got buried today Jim think about them probably not but I was thinking about these younger women who died three or four days ago got buried today though. Someone had a bad heart, you know, some of them had a bad kidney, but a lot of them had perfectly good pussies. Good pussies nice tits reasonably tight assholes going to waste and the ground. It just seems a shame to me that some fine young pussy should be rotting away six feet under because you'd think you would think in this era that if you can donate a heart To someone who needs one there ought to be a way to recycle some of these pussies and get them to people who need them. Some old guy living up in the mountains. Why? Holy shit. Look at this fucking thing. This is great. Thank you very much. Thank you, sir. I appreciate this. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. God bless you God you're doing God's work. I hope you know that don't you. Hey, this is better than Publishers Clearing House. Listen here buddy. You ain't got a redheaded wanted to use by any chance. Do you know I didn't think so. I never run into one of them myself. Thank you very much. Now listen here. This is the real thing ain't it? This ain't one of them store-bought pussies the adult bookstore. Was that okay. Hold on just a second Jesus Christ on a cracker. That's the real fucking bigger. I'd recognize that sumbitch anywhere that straightened out my nose hairs. I better get this sucker home and getting a frigerator quick as I can the save a pussy Foundation give the gift that keeps on giving fuck the whales save the position but you won't want to save all of them not all of them. Some of them is wore out. Are you want want want to be go rubbery things any no good? you want is you want your something nice and tight but flexible maybe you have an age limit or a mileage check you know you figure out the average length of the average dick the average number of thrust to prevent the average number of events per lifetime you got that lady's mileage and you women and I want you to think what a lead you out of the fun we're going to get you a nice set of cock and balls okay we'll get you something nice just to have to rigor mortis has set in tell the truth ladies would you like a nice set of cock and balls without all the bullshit that comes with them fucking a we'll get some nice to keep it on the nightstand it's real easy to find in the dark and if your mother comes over put a hat on it Well, somebody's got to think of these things. Apparently I've been appointed. I was dancing with a woman. She told me she had a yeast infection. I said well bake me a fucking loaf of bread. Couple of corn muffins a jelly doughnut I don't give a shit. I'm always in the market for Quality baked goods. You couldn't squeeze a birthday cake out of that thing by any chance, could you? Uh, no, no. No, I don't think so. No pressure honey. No pressure at all. Watch this turn around. Give me a nice pineapple upside down cake. and a dozen oatmeal cookies skip the raisins ixnay on the eizan's ray well I think it is certainly a parent by now the one of the things I enjoy in life is excess I like things that are excessive like excessive Behavior excessive language excessive violence it's fun it's interesting it's exciting I like it when Nature is excessive that's why I like natural disasters all these natural disasters have been going on I fucking love him I can't get enough of them when Nature has gone crazy throwing things around scaring people and destroying property I'm a happy fucking guy I'm a happy fucking guy I look at it this way for centuries now man has done everything he can to destroy defile and interfere with nature clear-cutting Forest strip mining mountains poisoning the atmosphere overfishing the oceans polluting the rivers and lakes destroying wetlands and aquifers so when two strikes back and smacks me in the head and kicked him in the nuts I enjoy that I have absolutely no sympathy for human beings whatsoever none and no matter what kind of problem humans are facing whether its natural or man-made I always hope it gets worse don't you don't you don't you have a part of you a part of you that secretly hopes everything gets worse when you see a big fire on TV why don't you hope it spreads dr. Humbert gets completely out of control and burns down six counties you don't root for the firemen do you I mean I don't want him to get hurt and nothing but I don't want to put now my fire that's my fire that's Nature's shown off and having fun I like fires you know something else I like those spring floods in the midwest aren't they great like Quirk spring floods in the midwest but I'm starting to notice. I'm starting to catch on that every year. It's the same story another flood in the same place with the same people on the same river same fucking people and these people do not move. They will not fucking move. They repaint put down new carpeting and wallpaper and they move right back into the same fucking house on the floodplain next to the river and then they wonder why grandmas floating Downstream at the parakeet on her head for time again for fucking time. There's no learning curve with these people. It's very hard to feel sorry for them. Every year. Same people same row boats. How did paddling around rescuing a chicken? what the fuck kind of a life is that well our kids love it here oh really what are they got gills the while they're showing all that shit on the screen the announcer is saying to me it's been raining steadily for three months now the ground can't hold any more water the river is cresting higher than it has in two centuries the levees of washed away and I just hope it keeps raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and raining and it rains steadily for five years and then after that Ten years. It's cloudy with occasional showers and the river never returns to its natural Banks. It becomes a completely no River and the borders of three states have to be changed and all the maps and atlases have to be redrawn and reprinted and no one's couch ever completely dries out for years and years every time they sit down. There's always a little squish Dan Linda come on in you. Guys have a seat squish squish. I like that. I'm an interesting guy. I always hoped that no matter how small the original problem is it's going to grow into bigger and bigger proportions that could completely out of control and I'll give you a concrete example let's say a water main breaks in downtown Los Angeles and floods an electrical substation knocking out all the traffic lights and tying up the entire city and emergency vehicles can't get through and at the same time one of those month-long global warming heat waves comes along but there's no air conditioning is no water for sanitation so cholera smallpox and dysentery breakout and thousands of people start dying in the street but before they die Paris sites eat their brains and they go completely fucking crazy and they storm the hospital but the hospital can handle all the casualties so these people rape all the nurses and set the hospital on fire and the Flames drive them even craziest and they start stabbing social workers and garbage men and a big wind comes along in the entire city Goes Up in Flames and the people who were still healthy they get mad at the sick people and they start crucifying them nailing them to cross his trying on their underwear shit like that then everybody smokes crack and PCP and they march on City Hall where they burned the mayor to stake strangled his wife and take turns sodomizing the statue of Larry Flynt and at this point at this point it looks like pretty soon things are going to start to get out of control so everybody panics and tries to leave the city at the same time and they trample each other to death in the streets by the thousands of wild dogs eat the corpses and the wild dogs chased the rest of the people down the highway and one by one the dogs pick off the old fucks in the slow people because they're in the face Plane where they don't belong get the fuck out of the Fast Lane. If you're an old fuck if you're slow for get over on the right get over on it, right and then and the lucky ones the lucky people will manage to make it all the way outside of town. They discover when they get there that big sparse from the city have left the suburbs on fire and the suburbs burn uncontrollably and thousands of identical homes have identical fires that identical smoke killing all the identical soccer moms and their identical kids named Jason and Jennifer, but now now the fire is president of farmlands in the farmlands burn intensely at 425 degrees creating millions of baked potatoes and as the farmlands burn as a farmlands burn thousands of Barns and Some houses began to explode from all the hidden methamphetamine labs and the meth chemicals run downhill into the rivers and streams were wild animals drink the water and get completely geeked on speed so bears and wolves amped up on crank start roaming the countryside looking for people to eat even though they're not really hungry. And the fire spreads in the forest in the forest burned furiously and hundreds of elves and trolls and fairies Come Running Out of the Woods screaming Bambi's dad Bambi's that and years. He is finally that fucking little cunt. Bambi is dead dead. How hundreds of regional fires come together into one huge Interstate Inferno and all 12 of the western United States are burning out of control, except Utah with the Mormons don't allow fires. And the fire spreads across the Great Plains toasting the weed cooking the cattle and producing hamburgers. Actually, then it leaves the Mississippian races through the South blowing up Stills interrupting lynchings and killing millions of inbred people and then it turns Northeast at our heads for Washington DC where George Bush can't decide if it's an emergency and I decide this yes he can't decide because Dick Cheney is in present so instead he takes a nap he takes a nap he puts his empty fucking brainless head down on the little pillow was my the game at Christmas time and he takes a fucking nap so the fire moves to Philadelphia but it's a weekend and Philadelphia is closed on the weekend so if I moved to New York City in the people in New York tell the fire to go fuck itself and it does so instead of Barnes now Long Island and Connecticut killing all the rich white assholes and completely destroying their evil faggoty golf courses and while all this is going on Canada Burns to the ground but nobody notices and now the entire North American continent is on fire producing a huge thermal updraft and creating an incendiary cyclonic macro system that forms a hemispheric megastorm breaking down the molecular structure of the atmosphere and actually changing the laws Nature Fire and Water combined burning clouds of flaming rainfall upward gamma rays and solar winds ignite the ionosphere creating huge clouds of ionized plasma bolts of lightning 20 million miles long begin shooting out of the North Pole and the sky fills up with green shit and then suddenly the entire fabric of space-time splits into a huge crack in the universe opens and all the dead people from the past begin falling through Babe Ruth Groucho Marx Davy Crockett Tiny Tim Porky Pig. Hitler Janis Joplin Allen Ludden my Uncle Dave your Uncle Dave everybody's Uncle Dave an endless stream of dead uncle Dave's falling through the crack and all the dead uncle Dave's gather around a Heavenly kitchen table, they light up cigarettes and they begin to talk they talk about how they never got a break. How did parents didn't love them in their children were ungrateful. They talk about how the government screwed them out of money and he just missed out on a big job. They say the Jews own everything in the blacks get special treatment and all the hate. it in bitterness drips out of these people and forms a big pool of liquid hate and the pool of liquid hate begins to spin round and round and Spins faster and faster and the faster it spins the bigger it gets faster and faster bigger and bigger until the whirling pool of hate is bigger than the entire universe and then suddenly it explodes into trillions of tiny stars and every Star has a trillion planets and every planet has a trillion Uncle Dave's and all the uncle Dave's have good jobs perfect eyesight and shoes that fit they have great sex ex lives in free healthcare they understand the internet their kids think they're cool and they all love their neighbors and every week without fail Uncle Dave wins the lottery forever and ever till the end of time every single Uncle Dave has a winning ticket and Uncle Dave is finally happy now do you see why I like it when Nature gets even with humans thanks for coming in here see you later