It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved.Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do you hear that? I've just about lost my mind. The brick is dogs have been barking all day. I called down to the plant earlier. Jerry hasn't been to work for two days. Now. I'm telling you something's off. Jerry is like clockwork. Hmm. There's such a nice young couple you two. Best go check on them. Yeah. Yeah, we should. I appreciate you coming with Jansen don't know what to expect. Huh? That's strange. They haven't brought in the papers. Jerry Linda is everything. All right. Betty said the dogs have been barking all day. Just wanted to check in on you. Don't forget just try the handle God. What is that that smell it's awful Jensen get the police down here quick on September 27th, 1966 Richard Meier and Jerry Jansen knocked on the door of their neighbors. The brick has instead of a friendly conversation the two men. Found the young married couple and their four-year-old daughter brutally murdered. This is unsolved murders. True crime stories on the park as Network. I'm your host Carter Roy and I'm your host Wendy Mackenzie every Tuesday. We dive into the world of a real unsolved murder and try to solve the case. This is our episode on the brick ephemerally murders at Park asked we are grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. So let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at parkhead. Network and if you enjoyed today's episode the best way to help us is to leave a five star review wherever you're listening it really does help us we also now have merch head to park ask.com merch for more information you can listen to previous episodes of unsolved murders as well as all of our cast other shows where ever you listen to podcasts On September 27th 1966. The brick of family was found dead in their home from multiple vicious stab wounds. No one in the neighborhood had heard or seen anything unusual until the brick is to barking dogs prompted the neighbors to investigate with the shocking murders of Jerry Linda and Deborah and Britta the quiet Cincinnati suburb of Woodhaven was suddenly filled with rumors of serial killers. And Hitmen those same rumors have helped to create an all american crime that has both bewildered and Intrigue the public for half of a century. Gerald Jerry Britta was born in San Francisco in 1938 to Elmer and Delores Britta. He was raised in San Francisco and had for all intents and purposes a good childhood throughout High School. Jerry was a competitive swimmer and even completed the one and a half mile Open Water Golden Gate swim on several occasions. Jerry wasn't a big guy topping out at 510 and weighing 170 pounds. However, due to his swimming routine. He was fit and Wrong, he graduated from st. Ignatius High School in 1956 at 18 years old that attended college at Stanford where he earned a degree in chemical engineering in 1960 at 22 years old straight out of college Jerry moved to Seattle and landed a job with a Monsanto company a huge manufacturer of pesticides Plastics and industrial goods neighbors and colleagues describe Jerry as a friendly and industrious worker the kind of guy who wasn't shy with a smile. I'll and a greeting while living in Seattle Jerry met the love of his life Linda Jane. Boola. Linda was born in 1943 in Barrington Hills a wealthy community just outside of Chicago and she lived a comfortable life Linda's father had acquired a fortune through his welding and Engineering business described by all as intelligent and beautiful Linda graduated from high school in less than four years at 17 years old in 1960. Quickly decided that she wanted to see the world and left Barrington Hills after she left home Linda attended in completed stewardess training school. She acquired a job for United Airlines and was working this job when she met Jerry the two started dating and quickly fell in love 23 year old Jerry and 18 year old Linda got married on November 25th 1961 less than a year after they had met despite the Hasty Union. They were seen as a happy couple and seem Like a perfect fit for one another on June 9th 1962. The brick is daughter Deborah. Ann. Brico was born before the end of 1962. Jerry was transferred to a new job at a different Monsanto plant. The brick is moved to the Woodhaven subdivision of Green Township on the west side of Cincinnati, Ohio. And this is where the details get murky. Who are they the new neighbors? I believe their names are Jerry and Linda I tried saying hello earlier and Linda completely ignored me. Oh, I'm sure she didn't mean anything by it the kids seem. All right the kids. I like it. She was certainly acting childish Woodhaven was a sleepy little neighborhood mostly home to older couples and retirees made up of standard three-bedroom single-car garage homes characteristic of the 1950s Woodhaven was the death In addition of idyllic Suburbia the residents often spent each evening on their porches cooling off and catching up with neighbors few. If any of them lock their doors at night, even the local police department only operated for 14 hours of the day with no officers working the night shift. This was not a place where bad things happened the kids as the brick as were dubbed by their neighbors were the youngest couple in the entire subdivision by nearly 10 years due in large part to the efforts. Age difference the brick has kept mostly to themselves. Most of the neighbors agreed that while Linda was pleasant. She was often aloof some even described her as stuck up. However, everyone found Jerry to be quite friendly from 1962 until 1966. The brick has settled into their new home. They often frequent it block parties and attended the occasional backyard luau raising their daughter in Suburban Comfort, but on September 25th, X is peaceful suburb turned deadly it started off as a typical Sunday 28 year-old Jerry briga, 23 year-old Linda and four-year-old Debbie attended Catholic mass as a family at 10 a.m. When the family left church around noon Linda took Debbie home while Jerry went to the Monsanto Plastics facility to get a head start on the week. It wasn't unusual for Jerry to work during the weekend as he was angling for a promotion at the time Jerry left work around. Around 8 p.m. A stop to pick up some milk on the way home and finish driving last three miles. It had rained intermittently throughout the day and the evening was cool by the time Jerry had arrived home remembering that the following day was trash pickup. Jerry hauled is garbage cans out to the road using a break in the rain to walk her dog. The neighbor Joan Jansen saw Jerry and stopped for short chat good. Mrs. Jansen evening. Jerry is everything all right at home dear. I've been at work all day. Why is something wrong? Oh, no. I just noticed Linda hasn't been out in the garden like usual. I'm sure the rain had something to do with that. Oh, silly me. I've gotta be getting into Linda take care of. Mrs. Jansen. Good night Jerry. After saying his goodbyes, Jerry went inside where Linda and Deborah were watching television. That was the last time anyone ever saw him alive over 50 years later. The mystery of what happened next remains unsolved Monday morning came and went the brick has empty trash cans and fresh newspaper went untouched neighbors began to talk when they didn't see Linda working in her garden with little Deborah playing nearby. By Tuesday another day's paper joined the first and the brick is two dogs Thumper and Dusty were barking incessantly neighbors Janssen and Meyer urged on by their wives finally went to investigate between 10:00 and 10:30 p.m. On Tuesday, September 27th, 1966. They open the door to the acrid odor of Rotting Flesh. Ma'am, we need you to send an officer and an ambulance quick. We're over in the Woodhaven subdivision. What is the emergency? There's been multiple murders. There's a child please hurry. When First Responders arrived they lit up the quiet neighborhood with bright emergency lights First Responders clear the smell from the house with heavy industrial fans afterwards lead investigator Lieutenant Herbert Vogel LED, Janssen and Meyer into the home to identify the bodies the sight that greeted the two men haunted them for the rest of their lives Green Township would never be the same. the investigation begins after this now back to the story on September 27 1966 friends and neighbors Jerry Jansen and Richard Meier discovered the bodies of the murdered brick of family led into the crime scene by lead investigator Lieutenant Herbert Vogel. The two men were asked to identify the remains. I'm sorry to ask you about this, but you're all we got the closest relatives aren't responding to our calls. I was told they were on vacation. No. No, it's all right. Where are they Justin here the master bedroom? I'm not going to lie. This is going to be hard to look at. God Almighty so much blood that's them Linda and Jerry perco and their daughter Debbie is she plays Tommy she got away. I'm afraid not she's in her room. Please follow me. I can't I'm sorry, it's fine. I'll look. Oh God. Oh God, it's her. It's Debbie decades later Mayer would be asked by journalists about what he saw wincing at the memory. He withheld the more extreme details eventually saying that he would never forget the blood-soaked bodies of his neighbor's and the prone figure of their murdered four year old daughter. Myers and Janssen weren't the only people deeply affected by the heinous crime according to a report by the Western Hills, press residents of Green Township began buying ice picks tear gas guns shotguns pistols ammunition door locks Barrel bolts and door chain guards in an effort to protect themselves. It was a full-on panic similarly the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals reported that an unusually high number of Large dogs were being adopted in the weeks following the murders residents petitioned and convinced the township to install more street lights. They hired a night Constable to patrol the streets while they slept even Halloween was rescheduled so that trick-or-treating could occur during the afternoon instead of at night the sense of security in Woodhaven had been well and truly shattered this fear motivated investigators to solve the murder as quickly as possible. They piece together a theory rised version of events based on physical evidence and witness testimonies to the best of the investigators knowledge. The brick has had been in their living room watching television Linda folded laundry while Jerry relaxed on the couch Jerry then took Debbie upstairs and put her to bed investigators believe that's when the killer struck the murderer likely snuck through an unlocked basement window and confronted Linda first both Linda and Jerry had been led to their Owned by the Intruder Jerry was found with a sock stuffed into his mouth and a piece of medical tape still stuck to his chin marks on his and Linda's wrists suggested the possibility that they had been tightly bound with ropes according to an official report by investigators. The bodies of the couple were found lying on top of one another on their bed. Jerry had been stabbed a total of nine times. There were four wounds on the left side of his back three in the neck. Akin to on his head stacked on top of her husband. Linda had been stabbed a total of eight times. Unlike Jerry. She had been stabbed from the front and sustained six wounds to the right side of her chest and a further two to her head their daughter Deborah brick. I had been stabbed in the back a total of four times each wound passing entirely through her small body. She was found against one wall of her room separated from her to parents. While horrific the stab wounds offered several major Clues first they suggested that the killer was left-handed similarly the shape and length of the wounds likely match the dimensions of a carving knife that had gone missing from the brick as kitchen the investigators conducted an exhaustive search for the missing knife one detective even crawled into a sewer grate to check for it. Unfortunately, the knife was never found given the glaring lack of a her weapon investigators were forced to work off hunches and theories in order to explain its disappearance. If the murderer hadn't simply kept the weapon investigators believe that the next best explanation was that the murderer wrap the knife in newspaper and put it in the brick as trash cans on their way out later that morning. The trash would have been taken to the dump where the knife would disappear along with any hopes of ever finding the murder weapon if this had happened investigators believe this would also mean In that the murderer knew where to find the carving knife and that the murder was aware of the neighborhood's trash schedule these theories LED detectives to believe that the brick has new their murderer. However, in what was perhaps the strangest detail of the case the brick is two dogs were found locked in the basement with evidence that they had been sedated how this occurred is still a mystery some additional evidence reported in the papers proved to be shot again. Us work more than anything else rumors propagated by multiple news sources made claims that were either not corroborated by police or later proven false. For example, several newspapers claimed that the entire incident had been a robbery gone wrong while the home had been ransacked. It was not clear whether anything of value had actually been taken other newspapers reported that Linda breca had been raped before being murdered. This was partially corroborated by an unnamed Medical examiner The Examiner concluded that while Linda might have had intercourse shortly before her death. There was no evidence that it was forced after collecting all the evidence detectives in Hamilton County Ohio interviewed around 300 potential suspects and Persons of Interest lead investigator Lieutenant Vogel had the difficult task of sifting through all the various leads. I just can't get over it the dogs don't make sense since when do your everyday burglars carry animal sedatives? Maybe they were professionals did either of the deceased have any connection with animals the wife she started working for a local veterinarian a few weeks before the murder when mr. Fred linenger the knees likely our best place to start some of the boys already spoke with them seeing as he was mrs. Brick as Employer and all I think I'll drop in on him again. Never hurts to be thorough after all sometime during the weeks after the murder Lieutenant Vogel re-interviewed 38 year old Veterinary Doctor Fred linenger. They spoke for nearly 45 minutes. I hope you don't mind me recording you. I don't appreciate being treated like some sort of criminal. I spoke to an officer weeks ago did Linda brick a work for you? This is a waste of time. You already know she does or did how long was mrs. Brooker employed at your Veterinary practice a few weeks enough time to notice how beautiful she was, huh? I'm sorry. What are you insinuating? I'm not insinuating anything. Mrs. Brooker was a beautiful woman. I'm happily married. Still maybe she spurned your advances and maybe she encouraged you but you wanted more either way. So you went to her place. No, I would never and when she denied you again, you killed her her husband and their four-year-old daughter in a fit of rage. I'm done here. I want you out. I'm not answering any more of your questions. We don't know their conversation verbatim, but Lieutenant Vogel made it clear that he thought, dr. Len injure was hiding something while there were no eyewitnesses directly confirming, dr. Leonard. Is involvement some rumors spread around town that pointed to the doctor as a suspect rumors from locals and concerned citizens alike suggested that Linda briko was conducting an affair with an unknown Suitor self-proclaimed Witnesses even claimed they had seen Linda with a man that wasn't her husband parked in the local Lovers Lane a road in the town where couples would go to get intimate away from their homes based on these rumors investigators believe that the killings had been a crime. Passion committed by a scorned admirer or lover of mrs. Brickley this Anonymous man of rumor could have been anyone but doctor linenger stood out as a potential suspect Linda's recent employment at his practice provided the opportunity for them to meet and an illicit relationship to develop. Dr. Len injures practice. The Glen Way Animal Hospital was less than a five minute drive from the brick has home and while it hasn't been confirmed. Fans of True Crime have speculated that like his practice. Dr. Lynn Anders Holm was probably nearby as well. It also stands to reason that a veterinarian would be best suited to sedate. The brick is dogs managers proximity to Linda implied both opportunity and motive. So the general rumors began to focus on him specifically. Unfortunately, none of these rumors were ever supported with any hard evidence Witnesses were either Anonymous or uncredible. And when the brick is Neighbors were eventually asked about the speculation. None of them believed Linda was stepping out on her husband. Oh most of the case against dr. Linenger relied on rumor and speculation and yet despite all the suspicion surrounding him. Dr. Linenger never actually provided himself with an alibi after Lieutenant Vogel reviewed his recording with the doctor. He couldn't shake his suspicions. He wanted to speak with dr. Len injure again when he called the linen Jersey. House mrs. Linenger picked up the phone. Hello. Hello mrs. Linenger. This is Lieutenant Vogel. I spoke to your husband last week and had a few follow-up questions. Is he there you should be ashamed of yourself after you left. My husband was so rattled. He could hardly talk. He won't be speaking with you anymore. Mr. Vogel. You'll have to get in touch with his lawyer. Your husband is. As I said, you'll have to take it up with mr. Moore. Goodbye. Now claiming that he had felt threatened by the police doctor linenger hired Richard Moore a bulldog of a man to be his lawyer the very next day. Once more got involved all cooperation with investigators stopped the march of 1967 nearly seven months after the brick of murders the Cincinnati Enquirer ran an article regarding the stalled negotiations. Between Lieutenant Vogel and Richard Moore doctor Lennon jurors name was left out in an effort to keep his involvement Anonymous in the article. It was noted that mr. Moore had set forth a series of Demands regarding his unnamed clients cooperation Lieutenant Vogel had agreed to several of the stipulations including a series of predetermined questions the constant presence of mr. Moore as well as meeting in a place and a time at the clients convenience. In with these concessions, mr. Moore was still uncooperative going so far as to ignore calls from the police department eventually after a Green Township officer ran into him on the steps of the courthouse. Mr. Moore responded with his most audacious Demand yet. Mr. Moore requested that police hand over Lieutenant vogel's 45-minute recording of his client Vogel, of course refused. He even went so far as to publicly claimed that mr. Moore. Was obstructing a criminal investigation this tense back and forth might have escalated further if it wasn't for one important precedent that had just been set in the midwest the Miranda rules in the middle of 1966 mere months before the break of murders. The Supreme Court of the United States decided that all citizens accused of a crime must be informed of their fifth and sixth amendment rights prior to interrogation essentially people must be informed of their R rights to remain silent and to retain an attorney. Well, dr. Linenger was not under arrest everything. He said or didn't say was assumed to be on the record since Lieutenant Vogel had not complied with the newly established Miranda rules. He made it almost too easy for dr. Len endures lawyer to refuse to cooperate. This is where the investigation seemed to idle stuck at a dead end an uncooperative lawyer and his client shut down an And that has made little to no progress for over half a century to complicate matters further. Dr. Fred linenger could no longer cooperate with police in this investigation. Even if he wanted to decades after the murder in 2004 when he was 73 years old, dr. Fred linenger and his wife passed away due to natural causes during their retirement in Florida, or at least that's what their obituaries read the lenders official death row. Records show that both Fred and his wife committed suicide in Ohio. Unfortunately independent journalists have been unable to uncover the means or circumstances of the elderly couple's deaths similarly law enforcement has not released any details on the Dual suicides. It has been speculated that failing health or the feeling that they were burdens to their relatives cause the elderly linenger couple to kill themselves. However fans of True Crime have suggested another ISM guilt, well, there are many reasons why an individual or even two individuals might take their own lives guilt has always been looked at as a distinct possibility in the case of the Lenin jurors. No one can say definitively whether dr. Len injure or his wife had anything to do with the brick of murders. However, rumors theories and fans of the True Crime genre haven't let this case lie and with all this speculation Only One Thing Remains consistent most theorists believe that Linda was at the center of it. Tall and some believe that Linda's possible ties to a shady past may have led to her family's demise. We'll take a deeper look into Linda's passed after this and now back to the story The Brick of family was murdered on September 25th, 1966 and a quiet Cincinnati suburb shocking the peaceful Township and spreading and Insidious fear between the residents by March of 1967. Only seven months after the murders. The investigation was halted by dr. Len injure and Lawyer, mr. Moore police and armchair detectives alike began to grasp at other possibilities. Why are you doing this? It won't matter in a couple of minutes. Please please you don't have to go through with this. I'm afraid I do mrs. Bricker. I didn't see anything. I don't know anything. I promise please I promise you can't take back. What's already done? Sorry. Please not my baby girl, I beg you just you and your husband. Those are my orders. Little girl. Let's get you back to sleep. There are some neighbors who believe the brick has were murdered by a professional killer or hit man named Eddie cadell a neighbor who had become friends with Linda claim that Linda grew more fearful and paranoid about a threat that Linda never fully explained Linda and Nettie's daughters would get together on regular play dates in the weeks leading up to the brick of murders Nettie acted as Linda's Confidant. So Nettie's testimony holds a little more weight than some of the other rumors that had been floating around. According to Nettie Linda's paranoia got so bad that she began picking Debbie up from play dates instead of allowing her daughter to walk home on her own Nattie elaborated that Linda had said she had once quote help to break up a drug ring and quote investigators have been unable to find any record of Linda working as an informant for the police. So it's questionable as to whether the story is true yet. There are many aspects of this case that imply the murders were more than a Crime of passion for example, the killer was efficient and fastidious in their actions, they bound and gagged the brick has sedated their dogs disposed of the murder weapon and managed to wipe the home of almost all forensic evidence the murderer managed to keep any noise to a minimum making sure that Neighbors on either side only 15 feet or so away were kept in the dark many in the neighborhood suspected that this was the work of an experienced killer Richard Meier one of the neighbors who died. The bodies also firmly believe that the brick of murders were pre-planned. Mr. Meyer didn't believe that an individual without experience committing violent acts could murder an entire family including a small child in Cold Blood working under the presumption that the brick is killer was inexperienced killer investigators proposed a few more specific possibilities, perhaps the British had been murdered by a serial killer this theory was particularly compelling to investigators because Because Cincinnati had been faced with a series of brutal slayings that took place both before and after the brick of family murders on December 2nd, 1965 almost nine months before the brick of family murders the body of a 56 year old woman named Emma. Jean Harrington was found stashed in a bathroom in her apartment buildings basement. She had been raped then strangled to death with a nylon cord then on April 4th. 1966 a 58 year old woman. Louis dance was found murdered in her own home she had been raped and strangled with her own stockings I'm June 10th 1966 a 56 year old woman named Jeanette Messer was found strangled to death with a necktie in a park two blocks away from her home at this point Cincinnati Police believed they had a serial killer loose on the street and dubbed the killer the Cincinnati Strangler the Strangler claimed his next victim on August 14th 1966 six Barbara Bowman a 31 year old woman had taken a cab home after a night out with her friends she was found with multiple stab wounds only a block away from her home in abandoned cab was found near her body inside the cab the police found her purse her blood and the rope that had been used to strangle her the cab had been stolen but this find would ultimately lead to the capture of the Strangler except he wasn't captured quickly enough On September 25th 1966. The breakers were found murdered in their own home. They had been bound with rope and stabbed but not strangled the detective still believe that the brick is could have been murdered by the Strangler because the stranglers latest victim had been both stabbed and strangled in addition. The possibility that Linda had been raped made speculation that the cases were connected even more interesting investigators continued looking into the possible. Action, but the Strangler also continued to kill on October 12 1966. The Cincinnati Strangler killed a 58 year old woman named Alice Hawk haussler. She had been bludgeoned over the head in her driveway dragged into the garage raped and strangled with a belt from her bathrobe. The Strangler killed again only a week later on October 19th, 1966. An 81-year old woman named Rose win still was raped and strangled with an Electrical cord in her own apartment then on December 9th 1966 the Strangler killed his last victim 81 year old Layla Carrick Layla had been strangled with her own stocking in the elevator of her apartment building on that very same day police arrested a 28 year old former cab driver named paw steel Lasky paw steel was put on trial for the murder of Barbara Bowman and convicted unfortunately police. Lease Only Had hard evidence that pause steel was the killer in Barbara Bowman's case. They suspected that he was the Cincinnati Strangler and responsible for all seven murders, but they couldn't prove his involvement in a court of law passed. You'll never confessed to any murders despite being given the death penalty. However, after paw steals arrest the Strangling murders that had plagued Cincinnati came to an end. The police were confident that they had captured the Cincinnati Strangler himself. This past year had proven himself capable of extreme brutality hiding physical evidence and breaking and entering police felt that he was also a prime suspect in the brick of family murders. Ah still was questioned about the brick has on multiple occasions, but much like the six other stranglings. He remained tight-lipped police had no evidence connecting him to the crime, but that didn't mean that he didn't do it pause steel would remain a credible suspect in the brick and murders for well over three decades. decades, however, when DNA testing became feasible in the 1990s pastilles DNA was tested against DNA found at the brick as house these DNA tests proved conclusively that pasta al laski the Cincinnati Strangler was not the murderer responsible for killing the brick a family after Decades of suspecting a connection between the Strangling murders and the brick of murders DNA evidence only prove that the speculation was a dead end this Cincinnati Strangler did not kill the brick has but it was still possible that the family had been murdered by a serial killer after some further research investigators even found a connection between the brick of murders and the work of one of America's most notorious serial killers on June 23rd 1966 to Seattle women Lonnie Trumbull and Lisa Wick were attacked in their apartment while they slept Miss Trimble was bludgeoned and strangled to death. Miss Wick survive the vicious beating but suffered severe memory loss. These attacks were committed by the infamous serial, rapist and murderer Ted Bundy. Both women had been United Airlines stewardesses and had trained worked and lived with Linda according to the brick as neighbor mrs. Cadell. The deadly attacks on two of her friends could have weighed heavily on her mind. It would even explain some of Linda's paranoia in the weeks before her death in perhaps Linda's worst nightmare. To actually come true, even though the brick a home had been ransacked the wreckage had been meticulously cleaned of all possible fingerprints Ted. Bundy was known for his fastidious cleanliness. According to Ann Rule Ted's one-time friend Ted off and wipe down his own apartment. So that fingerprints could not be taken if it was ever searched similarly while not conclusive it was recorded that Linda had been party to sexual intercourse shortly before her death. With Bundy a known rapist could have tied. Mrs. Brickley up in order to have his way with her. However, the actual murder deviates from Bundy's typical method Bundy rarely used any sort of knife or sharp object in his crimes. He instead favored bludgeoning his victims to death with clubs or Tire irons another issue with the Ted Bundy Theory as that in 1966. Bundy was a 19 year old working at a Safeway in Seattle, Washington there. No evidence that he traveled over 2,300 miles to Cincinnati Ohio to commit any sort of crime. So while it's certainly an interesting thought experiment to consider Bundy as a suspect, it seems like pure coincidence that Linda had known two of his victims. It's highly unlikely that he actually killed the brick has however, there was another murder where the victims connection to Linda may prove more compelling on September 18th, 1966. Only one. A week before the brick murders Valerie Percy A Chicago socialite and former High School classmate of Linda's was savagely stabbed to death in her bed only 25 miles from where Linda breca had been raised. Mrs. Percy. Valerie's mother walked in on the Intruder causing him to panic and escaped into the night similar to The Brick a murders. This seemed like a targeted attack. Not a robbery gone wrong like Linda Valerie was from an affluent. Went and prominent family Valerie's Father Charles Chuck Percy was a wealthy businessman in the midst of running as a candidate for the US Senate at the time of his daughter's murder. Both women's families likely ran in the same Social Circles true crime author JT Townsend has researched both crimes and claims that both women's father's even knew each other personally this could suggest a relationship between the murders that was never explored or investigated by By the police, but there may have been a connection between these two women that went deeper than similar childhoods. One of the brick is Neighbors Richard Meyer related to conversation. He had with Linda during the week before her death. Hello. Mrs. Brooker Debbie. Where are you? Two coming from how just a playdate with Darlene. Are you? All right? Linda is something bothering you ran across the street honey. I'll be right behind you look both ways. I didn't want Debbie to hear a friend of mine. Valerie Percy was murdered yesterday. That's terrible. Not around here. I hope no no back home in Illinois. She was murdered at home in her own bed. No less. It's downright. Unsettling makes me think. It's all bad things could happen to anyone anywhere at any time. I'm sorry. I don't mean to burden you with such awful thoughts. It's quite all right, really if you need anything you let Betty or I know and we'll come running this conversation suggested that there were some hidden connections between Valerie and Linda's murders and many journalists and detectives have speculated that finding evidence of this connection in one case might even help solve the other however solid evidence of a connection has yet to be discovered. To this day. Neither investigation has come any closer to a solution. The FBI has tried new methods of forensic testing and fresh detectives consistently provide New Perspectives on each case, but no new leads have been found and now with both the Percy and brick a murders entering their sixth decade as cold cases. It doesn't appear that either will be solved any time soon. But with the information we do have we might be able able to narrow down the suspects. It's always hard to say definitively who did what when so little factual information exists on a particular case in this instance. I think we can rule out Ted Bundy. He doesn't fit cleanly as an actual suspect. Our only other named suspect is dr. Fred linenger on the rumors surrounding doctor linenger and Linda are compelling and we can't forget that he quickly refused to cooperate with police. The brick is dogs had been sedated and a In would have both easy access to sedatives as well as experience with putting dogs to sleep some might also see dr. Lennon jurors 2004 suicide as an admission of guilt. However, Beyond suspicious Behavior and the circumstantial means to commit the crime there was no solid evidence directly linking him to the case. His suicide could also have other reasonable explanations including severe health problems in his old age. So if both of our names suspects were likely to be the killer then the brick is actual murderer may have been an unnamed Hitman Linda's connections to Valerie Percy and the rumor that she had helped bring down a drug ring might provide some explanation for the motive of the murder The Hitman Theory could even explain the meticulous cleaning of the crime scene the incapacitation of the dogs and the expert disposal of the murder weapon, of course, even if the brick is were killed by a professional Hitman, we would likely never know. Who actually did The Killing so out of all of our possibilities? I think dr. Fred linenger most likely killed the brick has even without hard evidence his suspicious behavior and refusal to provide an alibi makes me think he doth protest too much you might be right but I think the brick is killer was most likely never named as a suspect The Killing was too efficient and too meticulous to be a crime of passion It could only have been pulled off by professional killer. Whatever the case may be. We will likely never know who actually killed the brick has Green Township lost its innocence when it lost Jerry Linda and Debbie and the poor family will most likely never find Justice for their brutal and haunting murders. Thanks again for tuning into unsolved murders. We'll be back next week with a new episode. You can find more episodes of unsolved murders as well as all of Park casts other podcasts on Apple podcasts Spotify Stitcher Google play or your favorite podcast directory several of you have asked how to help us. If you enjoy the show the best way to help us is to leave a five star review and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at Park ha And Twitter at Park cast network will see you next time if we live till next time. Unsolved murders true crime stories was created by Max Cutler and developed by Ron Cutler. It is a production of Cutler media and is part of the park asked Network. It is produced by Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Kenny Hobbs with production assistants by Ron Shapiro and Paul Moller additional production assistants by Maggie admire and Carly Madden unsolved murders is written by Edward Hamill and stars Carter Roy and windy Mackenzie the amazing cast of voice actors. loads by alphabetical order Mike Capozzi Jerry Courtney Osteen Kimberly Holland Harris markson and Steve Pinto