Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled withQuote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice the edges were different. Are you surprised? No, it doesn't surprise me of course said find something. He's like Phil Mickelson, you know when it comes to golf he finds something and you know, he's going to notice and if it's one degree off a half a centimeter off an inch off here this but blah blah blah blah, of course, it would find something wrong with it. So a couple people kind of freaked out on Twitter about this because that's all they wrote was the headline all the NHL's going to test our new pocket and playoffs what happens if it breaks what happens if it's going to explode because I guess that had a has actually happened the past couple months. Tried some other different variations of this Puck and it has exploded in practice a couple guys hit the post with it and these things just exploded into pieces. The electronics went everywhere the Rubber One everywhere. So they finally found a company in the manufacturer that they're confident in they've tested this thing with a puck Cannon. They've shot it at a hundred seventy miles an hour at posts at boards to test this thing out and apparently it's stood the test of time. This is the this is the mix they like, like I said, they've had players tried out in practice if snuck it into a few games without people knowing And in very interesting it's not going to be like the fox track back in the day where the with the glowing Puck on the screen, but it is allegedly going to be able to tell how fast shots are going how fast players are traveling with the puck things like that. Just more data gathering for the NHL to fit along with the player tracking data that they're already doing still though, even though the reassuring us, you know, they've tried it regular season. They've tried in practice. I don't love the idea of them. Just throwing it into the playoffs and have every player adjust to a new puppy. Now it and now it's out there to now it's not just a placebo anymore. Now, it's mentally in the players had like all those pucks different especially goalies to they got to be conscious of that and thinking of that. Yeah. I think the big thing is anytime you mess with anything technological. I mean we saw in the All-Star Game this year. Okay, like I'm sure they tested that a bazillion times 2 and then here we go. We throw this technological board back there instead of putting the targets on the tail. And the first time we throw it out there and fail, so I think any time you mess with anything like this it can it can throw a ratchet and things but if they say they got it rolling they say they got it, you know, I don't foresee any thing crazy happen in the playoffs whenever they test this thing out, but you know, there's always that chance and I think that's going to be an absolute PR nightmare. If it does happen in the playoffs where this thing explodes something happened something or a player complains about it and then just deal with that the rest of the playoffs have you dealt with anything like this in football because I mentioned this to Pat earlier and we were talking and Pat mentioned that at one point the I was experimenting with putting some type of electronics in the ball and they gave him one to test out and he said he kicked it and you can actually feel it with his foot when he kicked the ball and said not this this isn't going to work this thing this thing going to work. So I've never had to deal with anything with a ball per se but like I know they do they do put things in everybody's shoulder pads that nobody noticed says it's no different than putting a microphone like they do and almost every game and then, you know, there's a company catapulted a lot of teams employ and they get their own data from that a lot of guys wear like it. It's hilarious. Actually every player looks like they're wearing like a little mini sports bra and it has like a little tracking device in it. And it gives you all the different numbers. I'm sure the NHL probably has something like that to to say how fast the players skating or whatever but nothing they never actually affects the ball. So I think this is this is new. This is interesting and I think we're going to have to kind of play the wait-and-see approach to see if it passes through a flying colors. Yeah. I mean the rational thought here is it's probably Much Ado About Nothing but It's always risky when you're when you got your grand showcase the playoffs even casual hockey fans will tell you. Yeah, I watch some playoff games like this is this is where all eyes are on the league and if something happens with that puck, it's a disaster. It's catastrophic. You just can't have that happen. So I'll be very interested to see how it works out praying for the best there. Another thing that the NHL's thing about tweaking a couple of GM's met and I saw you tweet about this and I know how you feel interested to expand upon this the offsides rule. Okay. There's been a lot of issues. with the replay Rule and a lot of people hate this the review of offsides taking away goals, and I've long said the NHL should be doing everything they can to promote goalscoring not taking away goals and where they're calling these ticky-tack calls for a player lifting their skate off the ice or you know, being an inch or two off sides when they get the puck when a goal happen 30 seconds after they entered the Zone, but the official ruling is that they're going to amend is that they're going to change the player having his Off of the ice to treating it much like a plane in football breaking the plane of the end zone so that you can have your back foot off the ice. As long as it's over the Blue Line, you're safe to you you agree with this you like this. I want hundred percent agree with this. I absolutely love it. I mean, I think you know, obviously you mentioned that tweeted about it last night. I think that's been my biggest gripe with this rule for as long as I've been watching hockey as its and since they've instituted this rule whenever they went to instant replay, you know, you see this thing I used to hate in the playoffs whenever they let it roll through and then like three minutes later. They blow the air horn and it's like this is an absolute nightmare Oh wait, we're going to go back four minutes to play take a goal away because it's skate was left it off the ice. It's still above the blue line or whatever it was and it's just like like I absolutely hate that I hate when things get taken down, you know, I think you know instant replays got its pros and it's cons I think but one of the one of the cons of it is is that we've taken it a step far with this miniscule things. Thing where you know you take it to like again, like we said like the skates of millimeter difference between the blue line and all the sudden, you know, that takes away goal. Whereas like human I would have never caught that so I think there's a there's a, you know, a pros and cons to both but I think this is one of the cons I think they got this one, right, you know by going away from that role see and I'm going to disagree with you and I know him and things meet for but that's fine. I just generally think that even if you're an inch off sides a centimeter off sides you're offsides and Can capture that on review then good take the goal away. Like I said, I'm all for the NHL doing things to juice goalscoring. But this is one thing where I don't think they should play fast and loose with I like the okay if the skates above the blue line, but it's in the air if it's not actually touching the Blue Line, it will treat it like a plane like the end zone. You have to break the plane. I like that Amendment to the rule but I still think they should be reviewing these I think should happen on every goal to be honest is own entry should be reviewed as long as it's not a ridiculous amount of time after the goals scored. They should be able to call it back because it's it's one of the it's one of the staple rules right offsides. It's one of the first things you learn when you play hockey. It's one of the first it gets called a thousand times a game because it is that important you guys cheating to jump the zone or to catch stretch passes and things it throws off everything. So I think it should be called to the letter of the law and I do think they should be looking at inches and centimeters when it comes to this because goals especially come playoff time or super important. I mean, it can't be understated how Horton we saw this actually a couple of years back with the Predators and Penguins in the Stanley Cup finals, the Predators got called infamously for this and had a goal take it away. When one of the players was on the blue line had his foot lifted in the air skate was not touching the Blue Line bows clearly behind it and they took the goal away which are like I said, I agree that's that's the case that there are mending here and should be amended. But if you're legitimately offsides if your skate is past that blue and I think the call should stick and I think they should stick with this. So I'm going to play devil's advocate here. So I'm gonna I'm gonna give you two examples of other sports where I think you know they had a rule similar to this and they've adapted that role since then, I think the PGA tour with the call in rule. Okay, I think was you know, I think that was one of the things that you know, very similar where they you know, they they could call in they could say that they saw something on TV that maybe they didn't catch on PGA Tour and then you assess the two-stroke penalty later. They've since adapt to that rule and gone this way and I think made the right change. Whereas I think the NHL has also made the right change going on to your offsides point. I think soccer or as we call around the world the real football, right? I think cultural of has cultural. Yeah, very cultural. So I think they do an unbelievable job with the offsides. I think as long as it does not affect the play as long as it's not like affecting a scoring chance. They don't call the off sighs. They let it slide. I absolutely love that role. You know, there's obviously many instances. You can go over time. Whereas like the in the the infamous Is Danny Briere goal against the Penguins in 2012? Oh, yeah, that's that's immediately what a severely oversized and you know, I think that obviously affects it. Boom We that's an instant. You got to make that call right? But you know, I think these little ones where it's like a half of a half a centimeter off like I don't think it's really affecting much I could be completely wrong. Obviously. We've heard your take but that's my that's my devil's advocate. Yeah. I mean, I mean it's probably not but what I what I think of is, where do you draw the line when it gets to that because there is an actual line on the ice so we don't need to play. Italy it literally there's a line right there. It starts to creep into my mind like traveling in basketball. We've seen traveling. It's so egregious sometimes and it's not called and then other times they call it on the littlest stickiest tackiest thing. It's like you don't need to make it that big of a judgment call There's an actual line right there. And typically with the way the cameras are placed. It's not that hard to tell the difference if a guy's offsides or not. I think you just call it to the letter of the law make it easy on everybody. It's a built-in excuse for the Ariza well, I mean, they're look it's right there. He was an inch off sighs what you want me to do and inches an inch. It still counts still matters. We wouldn't do this around the goal line with a POC on a goal right? That puck has to be completely across that line to consider it a goal. So I think it should be the same way with offsides. I think that's Kate either has to be touching that blue line. And if you're centimeter past it, you're offsides. Sorry hate to tell you. Fair enough fair enough. All right, let's get to some actual action on the ice. There's been a little bit of a debate recently on Twitter. And this was kind of spearheaded by Greg wyshynski over ESPN about the MVP race this year and Leon draisaitl the Edmonton Oilers obviously been on a tear especially without Connor McDavid. He missed those six games recently. And in those in that time draisaitl didn't miss Abby gets four goals eight assists and then knock on draisaitl has been well, he plays with McDavid too much. And he's got a lot of help when in reality. I mean that Oilers team isn't that good? It's literally carried by these two guys. Do you what are your thoughts on this? And how are you feeling about this MVP race because they're in my mind. There's no clear-cut winner, but I am a big proponent of if you're leading the league in points and your team's going to make the playoffs. You're the guy it's almost essential to me that the Art Ross the scoring Trophy winner and the league MVP are go hand in hand. Yeah, I agree with you. I think I think it works more in this sport than any other sport. I think in so many cases that we've had this conversation numerous times where a lot of these postseason Awards go to maybe not necessarily the best player overall, but it maybe is the best player on the best team or yeah, you know 16 success always brings individual success, right? I think that's the thing that we always kind of roll with and so I think in this case though, I mean dry that. I had an unbelievable year and he's been slowly. Creeping and moving that way over the last couple years. I mean, he's gradually gotten better and better and better in the year that he put together this year has been unbelievable and nothing short of you know, miraculous really cuz Edmonton was dogshit last year. They were fucking atrocious tear and here they are and you got these two guys is literally carrying them on the back and I don't mean I am not up to date with the standings, but I know they were tied with Vegas for a while and top of the Pacific. I think the summer kind of right around there still and it's solely because of Those two players. Yeah, so, you know, you have to look at you have to look at that and obviously give them an edge right now. I mean, there's no denying playing with Connor McDavid helps like dry soil has a hundred eight points right now at this point in the season. No one else has a hundred mcdavid's the next closest at 95. So you got a 13-point lead on your teammate who is widely considered to be the most dynamic and most talented player in the league right now, but at the same time, it's like can we punish him for playing with Connor McDavid? I don't think you can we did the people used to do this. Did Malcolm back in the day and I just you can't punish a guy for having a good team around him. It makes no sense to me. I mean draisaitl is going above and beyond. He's literally out playing Connor McDavid at this point. I'm only 13 points is significant Grant Connors missed six games, but 13 points is a pretty wide lead and the next person behind that's possible knock with 92. So you're talking I mean a significant lead on the next closest guy. Yeah, I agree and I mean if nothing else like he's flat-out he's playing beside him in a lot of these games. Obviously and even recently it's like they played the other I think it gives Nashville the other night. He hit four goals or something. Right? I mean, yeah 4 goals 3 1, you know, you look at that McDavid at one. I know I know we're not comparing obviously, you know, you can't do that for every game but it's like these two are on the same ice the same night against the same team the students for goes now granted Connor. I think I'd insist on almost all those goals, but still, you know, he's putting up numbers regardless of who's beside them. And so you have to look at that and take that into account. Yeah, and the thing is I think I don't think these guys are dependent on each other. They play together a lot not so much on regular lines with a little a power-play time together. But even if you take McDavid or draisaitl off of those teams, I those guys are still going to put up ninety Point seasons and they may not break a hundred. Maybe they will but I don't think you can again it's frustrating. I you can't punish one guy for the other guys success. It's frustrating. There are some other guys though in the conversation who have a shot here or tell me / naren of the Rangers. He's got 90 points in 64 games if the Rangers make it to the playoffs and solidify. A spot I would have no problem at all with / naren it being finishing second or third possibly even winning it. I mean he's got thirty five more points than the team's next leading scorer. Micah's have been a jet. Okay, so that's a little bit of a different situation than McDavid draisaitl where you've got such a wide Gap here between the next player on the team and it's been a jazz no slouch he can play he's a good he's a good Center. So what prin Aaron has been able to do with this? What was supposed to be a young rebuilding team in New York has been nothing short of unbelievable. Then you got Nathan. In Colorado, he's got 86 points in 65 games and apparently his pace is similar to what he had in the 1718 season saw them finish second for the MVP. So I mean again a similar situation there though where he's got Miko Ranson and with them but he's 39 points ahead of kalmyk are the Avalanche the second leading scorer. So these are wide gaps were talking in and it first and second on the team in scoring I think and again what you just said, I think kind of It only furthers the nod to go to drives that right. You just said that McKinnon's on Pace, you know for the same numbers he had whenever he finished second in MVP Road, and he's got an 86 points. He's 20 fucking points behind draisaitl, right? You have to look at that. I'm a huge fan of people kind of get honest. Coming up. I think when you watch that guy on States on when everybody else is on the same Isis him. He's at a completely different level than everyone else. That's the way I see the game whenever I watch it. He's one of those guys. He's one of those guys to your point that visibly you can see like he looks different than everybody skating. He's so much more powerful and so much quicker in the acceleration is just Next Level. It's unbelievable and stop at me from stop to start and what he's able to do is absolutely incredible and like we said again, I'm going to go back to he's still 20 It's behind dries Idol. So I'm going to I'm going to keep it going home that I mean drives that was having an unbelievable year if he continues at that pace, there's nobody that should get the MVP besides him. Yeah, it seems like a cop-out but I'll go back to it. It's you know to me it's if a player is leading the league in points and it's by a significant margin like this is I think they have to be the MVP. If your if your teams get in the playoffs you're leading the league in points where the object of this game is to score goals and assists then you're the guy right because like we said Edmonton last It was crap. They were dogshit terrible. Now they get these two guys coming out having these killer seasons and and McDavid for as good of a season is he's having isn't being talked about like he has in the past couple years the past couple years. It was everyone's like wow. Look what Connor mcdavid's doing his highlights every single night. Now you definitely get some highlights here and there but it's nowhere near the level that had been the past in years past Leon draisaitl has been the guy just kind of quietly under the radar this year as well a hundred points. No one's even talking about him when people are trying to find ways not to give him the MVP. It's like, why are we fighting this? Wishes, he had this in the ESPN article all the past 10 Hart Trophy winners the past ten MVPs eight of them led the league in points or goals the two that didn't carry price of the Canadians. Obviously a goalie can't do that and Taylor Hall who had that unbelievable run with the devil's that year that basically just drag them into the playoffs while they in my opinion had no business being there. Couldn't agree couldn't agree more. Alright, another thing that happened last night that was kind of terrifying to watch. I don't know a lot of people were to gross out to even watch the video of it. Johnny Boychuk takes a skate from a Canadians player to the face and this isn't the first time this happened. I guess he got caught much Marner from the maple leaf skate, either year or two ago up and around the neck area and last night. It was Canadians player catches a skate to the face. Apparently he's okay, but he had to leave the game and it looked it was so weird the way he left the ice because there were it didn't look like there was any blood on the ice. Got his hand up in time. So there was no camera shot of it. He has glove covering his whole head and he skated right to the locker room. There was no update on him for about two hours after the game until Barry trots finally spoke out about it. And he said that or I'm sorry, Lou lamb rela finally spoke out about and said John he's gonna be okay fortunately the skate blade just got the eyelid it took 90 stitches for a plastic surgeon to fix it. But he's going to be fine. Obviously not going to play again until it gets time to heal up and get that I write but This is scary man. This is reminiscent of Taylor Hall getting kicked in the face a couple years ago in warm-ups. And that one was an ugly ugly picture afterwards. I remember that making the rounds in the internet and he just looked like the Frankenstein monster the stitches in his eyeball with unbelievable. So T's and piece of Johnny Boychuk. Hopefully he's okay. Never want to see anything bad like that happen, but did you get a chance to look at this all I just want to see her thoughts on it was it was it's pretty gruesome with its as gruesome as something to be without there being actual blood and gore. I mean that that's all. The most dangerous part of this game of hockey, right? I mean, I think it's probably I mean it has to be the only sport obviously because it's on Ice that you're literally playing with knives on your feet. Right? I got the end of the day, they're literally knives on your feet and not to mention sticks even yeah, exactly. And so, you know you sit there and you watch this video last night and obviously don't see the blood but I mean you obviously see what pain and discomfort he's in immediately and you know something bad's happened and obviously where the ski look like it hit your like Godlike. Did he lose an eyeball like seriously? Yeah. I will literally just cut right in that is the most terrifying thing ever. So when you watch that video, it's it's tough to watch obviously and you know, the good news comes out and it's under it's obviously a nice little sigh of relief because it's absolutely terrifying to think that you could possibly live in Luzon. I literally get your eyeball cut out and you know, so here we are, you know a day later and obviously good news has come out. So that's obviously awesome for boy check and I saw a little bit of this floating around on Twitter mostly have happened. For the John Marino the Pinelands caught a puck in the face and his orbital bone broke. He had to miss some time should these guys be wearing full cages birdcages not so much the metal cages, but the the plastic like they wore in like D2 in the Mighty Ducks days wear your full face shield with a little chin guard at the bottom. Shout out to eat to I love that. I love that move. Yeah. I mean, I think you know, I think in every sport there trying to make it safe for I think this is obviously going to be something that they're going to have to take a look at how long and hard because you're getting far too many of these you see these slap shots coming in the game with the technology and the players the size of players the guys Energy Systems continuing to grow you start. Now you start creeping in these hundred ten miles an hour slap shots and you take one off the face or you know, you get can't get enough people getting, you know kicked with skates unless it's cached and trying to actually like stab people in sales so hard just yeah, you know, other than that, you know, you get all these incidental things that are causing a lot of harm and a lot of it. Is you know, yeah, I think you have to take a look at it further in that that point with you know, the cages maybe making the game a little safer and I'm thinking I don't think it'll affect players too much obviously players are used to it for so long. But like once you switch cages just like Tom Brady switching helmets from last year. It's like at the end of the day if you have to do it, you'll eventually get used to it. Yeah, I mean hockey players are habitually creatures of habit. They don't like change but a lot of these guys had to do it in college. A lot of them had to do it in certain areas and juniors. I think I waver on this I still say you leave it up to the players and you put the The power in their hands the problem is there. No, there's not gonna be one guy's going to come out and just wear a cage unless he's injured right there. They have too much pride and there's too much gumption and fortitude online. They're just not going to do it. So I don't know how you open up that Avenue to them to say. Hey if you want to wear a cage because of what's been going on guys are potentially losing eyeballs out here breaking jaws and orbital sockets. Go ahead. You know, no one's going to shame you for it because it I mean, it's real you will get Cham people chirp you How long it took for the visors alone to be implemented and still not everybody wears me or Chara comes to mind. A lot of those old school guys just refuse to wear them because I mean really all it comes down to is they want to portray that image of toughness? A lot of guys will say well, I can't see out of it and it fogs up. I think that's bullshit. But again to eat your own you got to you got to be comfortable in what you're playing and you got to feel good. Look good play good as as the saying goes and you know this like it is as easy as changing how much but at the same time if you have to change. Her helmet tomorrow. Let's say you got a game tomorrow. You're gonna play a different helmet. You're not gonna be thrilled about it. You're not going to feel now eat about it. So I understand that aspect of it, but I do think they should open it up and let these guys kind of we're a little bit more protection on face if they want to again if they want to I don't want to make it mandatory to say I got no problem. If you want to save your jugular or your eyeballs or your teeth. Yeah, that's all we want. We just want to stay alive guys. So we mentioned Johnny Marino in there a little bit Penguins defenseman. Rookie. Defenseman 22 years old. Obligatory penguin stock now he did come back last night. They defeat the Ottawa Senators 7 to 3. Also Brian Dumoulin penguin stop for defenseman missing some time comes back as well and they look like the old Penguins again after going on quite the skid and I know you and I you and I exchanged couple text messages and we were disgusted with what was happening there the West Coast road trip and even right before that. They just look flat. They couldn't score no production and it all sudden you play Ottawa Senators, and it's a little home cooking. And it's just cures what ails you they just lit it up and it was an absolute explosion. They needed it man. I'll tell you what. I mean, I was starting to get my dad's like the ultimate pessimist and and he kept sending me these tax just just passed them as pessimistic estimate even sent me when he asked me if the Penguins gave up hockey for Len and I was like, I was so mad getting that text as I was getting more mad by the day. It's lost on the west coast that kept happening. So to see yesterday them come back and look like the team of old. It was awesome to see and I think a lot of Had to do with getting Dumoulin and Marino back. They look like a completely different defense of hockey team with those two in the lineup smooth transition getting those guys back and Crosby made the made the comment. You know, he put it took a lot of the heat for the for the slide comes out yesterday and as a big night so good to see Pittsburgh getting back to where they need to be. Yeah, they went out and showed up the Crosby line Crosby Sherry and Zucker come out with an eight combined eight points, which was just unbelievable Crosby gets his 800 career assists. Oh shut Shout out to him the captain it was it was mind-boggling there from it was like, okay. Did they do the wrong thing? It's the deadline. Like I know they made minor tweaks, but did that mess up some of the chemistry? They had gum turns out probably felt like West Coast trip this late in the season against some bad teams. They probably just didn't have their minds right and then getting do Mo and Johnny Marino back was kind of boost they need because Johnny Maria opened the scoring less than a minute into the game last night. He put the puck in the net. Yeah knock on wood. Hopefully, they're getting healthy at the right time because Looks like I think I read this morning that bewkes dad's going to be a game time decision tomorrow and it looks like Ashton Reese is on his way back can have missed yesterday for being ill so they could be the first time in quite some time. The Penguins got a Full Slate of guys. It'll be interesting because they have a couple division games coming up to close out the season the Metro division obviously damn near impossible to play in this year. Every team looks like they could be a contender for the cup especially unfortunately the Philadelphia Flyers the old arch rival have made quite a sir. Serge recently 8 and 2 in their last ten six in a row and they are firmly now in second place in the Metro division Washington sitting in 186 Flyers second 83 Penguins Trail and with 82 points you are you are you worried? You texted me earlier and seem like you're a little worried about the flowers. I don't want to say I'm worried but I don't like this one bad. I don't like the move. They've made they've obviously the Metro has been unbelievable this year, you know, you got them and then right behind them you got the Islanders and Carolina. Anna all kind of bunched up behind Pittsburgh and then you got you know, obviously capitals Philly and Pittsburgh in the top three, but you know you sit there and you look at what Phil he's been able to do they got great goaltending going on. They're playing good solid team defense and you got your getting great years. I mean from a bunch of different guys you got Jarreau you got Kevin Hayes meant I got seven Hayes has thought they was gonna bust a little bit when they signed him and there's still potential for that because it's a long deal in a lot of money, but he has been exactly what they needed. He's been a leader. He's been scoring timely goes there's thing like 21 and like one or two when he scores a goal in a game. It's unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think it when they played he got the nice little welcome when they went back to New York last week. I think it scored a goal up there that night and I mean, he's been he's been great for them this year. So Phillies Phillies playing the way they need to go in the playoffs. They can keep it rolling them in the Metro looks like obviously the division to be trolling in tough division Columbus Carolina Islanders. They're all kind of right there in buying for the mix so it's gonna be an interesting. Final what is that are 17 games left. Yeah. It's to me. It just screams first-round playoff matchup pens flyers. I would not be shocked at all and I'm looking now just kind of their records here and the standings ironically they are very very similar Philly at home 23, five and four Penguins 23 6 and 4. We know the penguins have gotten home this year. I didn't realize the Flyers were feasting at home as well. And then on the road Flyers 15 15 and 3 pens, 15 15 and 2. So home ice is going to play. A very important role in any series between those two teams and it's up to the fine once here. They got some games left the in the division. I don't think for the Flyers have the goal tending to go all the way but I mean goddamn they look impressive right now and they're putting together a stretch. So if the penguins are serious about making a run here, I think they need to pick it up these last couple games the season and jump Philly to get that home. ICE couldn't agree more. Let me get one more thing out here on Pittsburgh. I think you saw it. You know, I think around the league you're starting to see kind of Split goaltending thing but I think closer we're getting to the playoffs. You're starting to see hope you get more time for Washington. You're starting to get see Renee obviously get more time in Nashville. You're starting to get all these kind of guys who have been splitting goaltender. You're still seeing the even split really between Murray and joy, I think Pittsburgh needs to find out who their number one guy's going to be going in this Plaza because you can't sit here and go game 1 game 2 game three game four with these guys in the playoffs. So I think that's obviously something to Pittsburgh has to get hammered out of here real soon. Okay. We'll put you on the spot here. Before we go last question here right now the Islanders and the Blue Jackets sit with 78 points tied for first and second Wild Card spots. Then you have Carolina at 75 Rangers at 74 and Florida at 73 of those last three teams outside the playoffs currently Carolina Rangers in Florida. Who do you see right. Now? Who's not going to make it just give me one just give me one floor up by their Panthers will not make it Florida's out. Okay, I yeah, it's easy one, but I agree with you there just for whatever reasons always seems like they make a Late-season surge, but they never get it done and they're never close enough. We got another similar close race here in the west. Same thing in the wild-card one. We got Vancouver into we got Winnipeg both tied 74 points. Then you go Minnesota at 73 Nashville 72 and Arizona at 72 of those three. Give me one thing not going to make it. Oh man. They're gonna they're gonna come at me hard on this one. The Arizona Coyotes will not make the push. I can't bail on them. I didn't do it last year. I said they were getting in I said it earlier this year. Year and I'm sticking with them. I think they're creeping up to that eight spot. I think it's going to be one of pegu falters. I think they're going to dip out of there and I don't know if Minnesota can hold up Nashville. It's been so if he since they fire their coach, they struggled and they want a little bit of run and five for and won their last 10. They just can't seem to find that stride of peace and couple games together and the talent on that roster. We've said it so many times. It doesn't make sense why it's not producing but I think in this off season, you might see some shakeups with them because I think they're going to need to re-evaluate but But all right, that's it for us this week. Thanks for rocking with us. Always always follow along on Twitter. That's hockey talk. We had some Merchants store go to store it up at Max yo.com. Check us out on YouTube youtube.com forward slash deep at McAfee show AQ, and that's hockey talk.