Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids aliens. Be sure to hold the tube like it extra tight as the boys take you deep into the fierce Gale Fierce Gale fears. Welcome back ladies and gentlemen to another exciting Adventure here on fear skate paranormal podcast. I am your host Stephen Gearhart, and I am joined as usual by my Heavenly Body himself Josh Rutledge. Well, I thank you my buddy Lance who is my co-host on unhappy campers him and I joke all the time because I played a character one time where I said honey, you're just like Jesus on the cross Heavenly. And so that's not it would be dead know that that's the thing that that's what everybody thinks everybody's mouth dropped. And then I just said Heavenly and turned it into a compliment. See what you did there. Yeah, but no. Thank you so much for being so Heavenly Josh. Just you give me something to look at besides the door, but no we're thankful for you guys too. Low Joey a globe you have a globe and I glow but no thank you guys for tuning in. We've got a really cool episode where we've got to get in spooky episode for you guys. Haven't had one in a minute. We're getting spooky with the head of Detroit paranormal Expeditions. Mr. Todd Bonner. He's Be on the line here in just a moment. We're going to be meeting up with him and talking all about all the spookiness that's happening in Detroit and Beyond. Yep. Exactly. It's a really great show tonight. Yeah, and it's cool because you know, a lot of people know I'm from Toledo and my family from the Detroit area. So there's a lot that hit home for me. So I'm very excited about that. I drove through Michigan once on the way to Canada. Ooh, you're so cool good. But before we get to that, I want to share with everybody our word of the week. That's right our psychic word of the A week from our cool little book. I've turned the pages and I stopped a little early this time and came across the word while term akashic records. Now, if you're in the New Age Community, you're pretty familiar with it. I know I am but here is what it says. Akashic records in jungian Psychology, the collective unconsciousness that part of the earth Surah on which impressions of every person who ever lived including their thoughts and feelings every event no matter how minor and all possible concepts are. Completely and permanently impressed many clairvoyants who tuned in to the Past including a lot of psychic detectives say they read the akashic records in order to get their information. So essentially it's like a database. It's the cloud of sadness squeeze these girls with the Earth. Yeah. It's the cloud of the earth. It just stores everything and me it's way. I mean, I would swear brain works, you know, everything is stored. Yeah, there is just whether or not you can access it. Correct. Absolutely. But yeah, so a Cossack Record boy we could do a whole episode on akashic records. I'll tell you that. But yeah before we get moving into Todd, I want to get into a little bit of spooky news. That sounded gross Todd. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. Oh boy. Yeah before we talk to Todd before we talk to Todd. I want to talk about some spooky news and not some creepy news because that's what that would have been. All right, so I gotta got some interesting things happening recently, you know, we just recently talked about SpaceX and it looks like virgin is now also taking thousand-dollar down payments for space trips and stuff and they they ended up on the New York Stock Exchange. That's not my spooky news. That's just interesting that I read about but the story that I have comes from science files.com. And the headline reads a new theory on time indicates present and future exist simultaneously. So the Box universe theory describes now as an arbitrary place and time and states that the past the future and the present all exist simultaneously the Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor of philosophy. Dr. Bradford scowl suggests that if we look down on the universe as if we were looking at a piece of paper, we would see time spanning all directions. And it's exactly the same way that we see space at some point. So what does this really mean? Well this suggests that time as we know it is incorrect In other words, it is not linear as we have always thought in fact, everything around us is always present. Dr. Scowl is not the first scientist to question the way that we perceive time. In fact in 1915 Albert Einstein introduced a theory of unified space and time in his general theory of relativity. He proposes that space-time takes shape. And multiple or continuous ways and that if viewed you'll see both as a four dimensional Vector space and this Vector is known as block theory. In fact, he said the distinction between past present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion the author here argues that he wouldn't want to believe in that unless I saw good Arguments for it. I was interested in seeing what kind of view of the universe you would have if you took these metaphors about the passage of time very very Easily doctor Scout said he also continued by saying the block universe theory says you're spread out in time something like the way your spread out in space and we're not located at a single time now, dr. Scott agrees that while these things change and we see them as if time were passing he believes that we are in a scattered condition and that different parts of time may be dotted around the infinite universe and he goes on a little bit more to talk about possibility of time travel and things of that nature but nothing Deep enough for me to continue on but I find that very interesting. I've never believed that time was linear time really at the end of the day is a construct in my opinion of the human mind. Well, I mean time is time was created to explain the the passage or the coming death. Basically, essentially. Yeah. It was that's all it is. It's the it's the body changes from one day to the next or from year to year. And so therefore we had to have a way of tracking Those changes so we Humanity came up with the concept of time. But the movie there's a movie Interstellar which is a fantastic great. We actually saw that in IMAX in Chicago, but that that movie right there does a really good job. I mean, yes, it's about space travel and stuff, but it's really about the concept of how we perceive time. Right? It's so that is a great movie to look at with the lens of think about in how we perceive time. Well, it's interesting too because it Gave an explanation for possible paranormal things to write in a way right now. So I mean one of the one of the really the let seen that movie that really sticks out of me is the scene where the guys in orbit and the crew was gone down to this planet to check on this other shuttle or whatever when they're on the planet. It's like minutes have passed but because they're so close to a black hole. So it's slowing down time for them. But while the other guys in orbit, it's been 16 years. Yeah, it's really interesting and I'm about to bring out Doctor Who but the last believe it was the last episode with Peter Capaldi. I'm not sure it's either the one the last one or the one before but in that they there was this huge ship. I mean massive massive ship and I mean it spanned hundreds of thousands of miles and it got close to a black hole and there were things that were happening and that It's time was so different. There were these there were these ships that housed individual a little cities is essentially What It Is Well, if you got closer to the black hole some of those cities had progressed so far, they were futuristic and things like that were the ones closer to the other side were more still kind of jungle ish and things like that. And so time was changing and you could see the progression of time happen depending on which level of the ship you were moving to it was really really interesting was really cool concept and that's exactly what that made me think. Gov yeah, so but yeah, that's my quote spooky news for the week. So I just because I really found that interesting. You know, like we said we like to touch on some scientific theories, even if they are a little Fringe. Yep. Sounds you have anything you wanted hit on to this week for spooky news? Yeah. No. All right. Well, then we are going to move on to a little bit of creepy catch up. Portland retro creepy cat I had something I'm going to tell you right now. I don't remember what it was. It was really really light. I feel like something I either saw something out of the corner of my eye or bumped me or something, but it wasn't enough for me to remember. So my apologies everybody. So I just have two things one is the last time we recorded the last episode we were at your house and while I was sitting in the chair recording I felt Like the back leg of the chair move down like it like the floor had depressed the chair leg move down and then I felt something bump me on the shoulder like something walked up and stood next to the chair and so the floor depressed down and then it bumped me on the shoulder. Well, it's interesting. I showed you when you were there that I discovered that adjacent to my house. Is this very small neighborhood graveyard. Yeah. It looks like there's maybe six or seven stones but there but I'm like you could see it. From though the back window well on its let's be honest to probably not a neighborhood graveyard. It's probably that was a farm. Yeah, like an old family graveyard. Yeah, but but yeah, so it's so there's definitely something going on in your house. Yeah, it's not data. So it's not the second thing that I have is in this is for me in my house. I've actually had a little bit of a Slowdown time for Stuff happening and when I think about it, like because I think it's mine. A grandfather who's coming to help guide me in this journey that I'm on because he's not been around as much it makes me think that maybe I'm in a good place on this journey sure and he doesn't necessarily need to be here to guide me. I mean on the psychic side of things we did recently cleanse your home a few weeks ago and things like that. That's when things started to slow down as well. So and then but one thing I do have now is when I lay down at night to go to bed. I kind of in my mind. Say if there's anything out in the universe that wants to show me anything do so tonight. And I pretty much do that every night when I go to bed. Well every time I go to bed I have normal dreams, you know the exception being last night. I had a dream that that this morning I had when I thought about it. I felt like was like a glimpse of the future and it actually it it gave me an idea for a business idea for Often somebody else forward to the five or ten years in the future. But anyways, that's what really happens though is I have normal nights, but then when I wake up in the morning, I just have this Rush of all these ideas and theories and and most of them like the Wi-Fi had been cut off and then yeah to then all of a sudden was turned back on and it's like and most of them expound on the theories and ideas from the previous day. And so it's like a continuation. It's like a it's like someone's reading me a book and I'm channeling that into because I'm doing video diaries, right and then the next day it's it picks up where it left off the day before interesting very very interesting. And so one of the things that you know, we're going to do for those who are listening is we're going to be starting a YouTube channel that is called fear scape unhinged that is basically you and I talking about our theories right and and kind of not holding back so don't Let your kids watch we might lose man, right, you know, it'll be like old school for your Escape. Yeah, so definitely not a kid probably not a kid-friendly show there. Although there may be some more kid-friendly episode sure. But but yeah, so so that's where I'm that's what I'm doing these video journals not only to help me retain what I'm I guess spewing but also to help me to for us to be able to talk about on our upcoming shows. I want you to tell everybody what you dreamed. Last night I don't want to because it is it is such a huge business idea. Okay that okay that I don't want somebody to run and run with it. Okay. All right. I mean I'm gonna be so I'll tell you what what a my dreams that I had the night before was up my dog that passed in March of last year. And so he like was out in the yard and we threw the the tennis ball and we came inside and we used to do this thing where I would get down on my hands. Knees and our duck my head and he would like Duck his head and he just kind of yeah, you know do what dogs do but we would do it as person a dog and hope that's not weird. But so in my dream we did that for a few minutes and then he laid down on pet his tummy and stuff and we just kind of laid there and cuddled her life, but I feel you man. So so it's you know, I you know, that would be the only thing I guessed that from a dream perspective that You know if he is visiting these as a human being right Dreams. Yeah. Absolutely. I think I've always believed that Spirits have a way that they can they can visit us at I feel like any time my grandmother shows up in my dream. It's like a real conversation. It's really interesting. You know, it's different than most dreams. Yes. Um, but yeah, so that's this week's creepy catch up. So let's get into our UFO sighting of the week. Yeah, so this is actually this is a combination of sightings and it's relevant because of something else that has recently come out and it's also relevant because of a theory that I have on that something else that's come out. So this comes from Kieran channel for no that's not his name. Yeah. Hey y'all. My name is Kieran. I just want to tell you about a UFO that came down and got me. Yeah, it reminds me of the Know what reminds me of in all the Keel books. They talk about the Men in Black talking in a sing-song. Yeah, and I'm like, what does that even sound like a sing-song? That's it. Sounds like the skinwalker. That wasn't the skinwalker. That was the Jersey Devil same thing. Anyway Zhang. So it basically says that huge silent unknown craft have been reported flying over populated areas dating back decades. What are they brought black triangles or Boomerang shaped objects? Some larger than known aircraft have been documented even filmed over cities across North America as well as in Europe if they're a classified military project investigators Wonder then wire the military drip jet ski Able to go after them. Now the answer that question it could be because they're testing how they would how the craft handles against military jets. Right if you can't see that but well I'm so they launched on several occasions top-of-the-line military aircraft against the things and they were left in the dust says, dr. Coleman Kilner of the National Institute of discovery of science or NAD. I mean ID's one minute over their overhead and the next minute they're often to the rise Horizon. So these all started I think really back in the 90s and then you know some of the stuff that happened over like the Phoenix lights that are talked about that was in 97 then there were sightings in 2004. So it's spans like Decades of these triangles ape sightings now kind of jump back a couple weeks. There was an article that I think you found then post it on our Facebook page about the Navy was granted a patent. Yes. Yes for a triangle. Shaped crafted the uses electromagnetic dry is the only reason I really didn't share here is because I had already shared online. But but I mean so that to me raises the question of one are we in fact developing that because they were just granted the patent in like 2018. If we were building this in the 90s, you would think they already have a patent for it number two. Is it a release of a did they make it known they were they were I don't know offering or applying for a patent. To discredit right actual sightings of trunk. So if you videotape a triangle object now people will say well it's the Navy has a patent for it. So it's probably the Navy tested it right the same thing when the stealth bomber and all that one. Yeah before it became known right exactly. So not to say that we're not coming up with triangle flying craft because that would be really cool. If we are because that really breaks the whole concept of electromagnetic Drive. Breaks what we have to this point thought about as combustion and everything. So I think it would be a real Leap Forward for us as a people as a human raised to think about things differently in the way of how we get around. Right and that Leap Forward will hopefully, you know, we'll get to the point where it'll be the leap home. Well Quantum Leap for you. Okay? Yeah. Welcome call me Scott Bakula. Okay, Ziggy. So yeah, so that's that's the move on it's like it's not really a recent sighting but it's just really interesting about aren't all these things. And then I think it was back in 2018. I sent I sent you stuff in the article that I found that talked about China creating a ufo-shaped Helicopter Stealth stealth helicopter. Yeah that that kind of like just was a They're in the nobody talked about it. But again, it's like are we actually building these things for flight or are we building these things so that we can point to them and say well look here where the China built this thing or is it's like why why would you create a triangle shaped? You know? Yeah, like well let alone even if you figured out electromagnetic drive and stuff triangle shapes and less they're thin enough for aerodynamic enough. Don't fly. Well, they're like great cradle out of drag just from a you know are nautical term. But so anyway, so we all have to be said that's the move on story. Alright, so let's go ahead and move right into our interview with Todd. Yeah. Alright. Thank you guys for tuning in. We are joined here with a very very special guests. Like we said we are with Todd Bonner here with the Detroit paranormal Expeditions, and we are so very thankful to have you on thank you so much for joining us. Thank you guys for having me. I'm excited. Yes, and you know you reached out to us. I think we're and maybe an ad on Facebook which gets mixed results. But in this case it turned out well because you reached out to us and said you wanted to add some interest to being on the show and we'd love we love interviewing people that are actually out in the field doing what we're out here talking about so that's it worked out. Well, yeah, we have a lot of times we've got Keith age from The Little Ghost Hunter Society the old original rock and roll Ghost Hunter, so he's been our main Ghost Hunter so Cited to have another one. Yeah, he's a great guy. I met him a few times that all hiyo on a couple events. He's a good guy. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's he's on here quite a bit. So so tired I guess if we could just talk a little bit about I guess if you wanted to say in you know, a five minute elevator speech if you will a little bit about what DPX how you guys got started and what you kind of focus on. Detroit on books editions I started with Jeff Adkins back in December of 2016 and we were on the team prior to this for five years together. That's why I actually met job so I kind of got my feet. I can even jump back a little farther. I even got to the Paranormal and a couple near-death experiences when I was younger and then in high school used to sneak into an old abandoned mental institution here in Michigan, and that's what Waverly Yeah, I love Waverly to I've been there a few times. Yeah Waverly so we'd go into this, you know hospital all the time and there's tunnels and 40 buildings to explore and it was wide open and a girl I was dating with so we went to the basement of this huge boat. Probably 200,000 square feet. There's six of us at the time and her and I broke off from the group and went on our own kind of explore is more urban exploring type thing, right? I heard nothing about it and building stuff. Yeah. Yeah, because I think that's how I always loved. Her. Next morning was a little kid someone dared. Are we go to a vacant house? I would go in it. Oh, yeah. That was that was me to Todd man like growing up in the city know we had an old like paper mill or factory like literally two blocks from us that had been closed down the entire childhood I was there and so me and my friend Nick we would always be the ones that had to go in there and like we come back and tell stories great. It's fun because you're I love that feeling of That scared feeling. I don't know. I can't explain to people. It's like a I don't do roller coasters. I'm afraid of heights believe or not. But going to do in the Paranormal and urban exploring is like that rush to me. I guess that's yeah. It's just so hard to explain I get that from Pizza to oh, yeah piece on a Friday night. Yes myself in the kids love that. Yeah. So I heard a disembodied voice first. I really was a male voice when it's to get out but you should leave and I knew at the time I couldn't I couldn't justify that. I was a human it was human but I could tell it wasn't something on this Earth or Alive in time. Right? So the girl was with kind of freaked out so kind of looked around and there was nobody we finally caught up to the rest of the group and that kind of stuck with me. I was in high school now for my - it did did she hear that as well? Or was it just you? Yeah, she heard it too. Wow, even better even better. Yeah, so it kind of goes like oh we're going to get troubled like nobody in here, you know, because we're always worried the police or someone would come in there and go absent when every bite that ever had so it was kind of like a peek man. I knew something else and I think I've always had that intuition from having near-death experiences when I was younger. And there but exploring the Paranormal I love horror movies that kind of all kind of intertwined for my life for some reason sound like me. Yeah, it kind of took off from there and I kind of kept it. Because this is back in the late 80s and there was no TV shows. There was no one really talked to about it. My father was a police officer for 34 years. He's actually a police chief. Wow. I'm here in the city of Detroit. So we grew up in a household Catholic schools grade school high school. You kind of taught that those things don't exist. Yep ghosts. Don't scare myself, man. All right, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Absolutely. It's kind of ingrained and you grow. Up that those things don't exist or they are evil that you don't mess with those things. So I never really said you think so. I got older and it kind of became more mainstream more TV shows or more those of us taboo to talk about I think back in the day when I first had my experience without a talk about it openly with people besides the people that were there I might have been in a mental institution. Yeah, put me away, you know 100% you know, like I share a story on here were the very first ghost I ever saw. So which I believe was my aunt who had passed away before I was born my fifth grade teacher Sister Mary Patrick convinced me that it was a guardian angel right like not a ghost, you know, right what a guardian angel, you know, because it's either it's either one or the other there is a good or evil. Yeah, there's no in-between. Yeah human quality to it. Right and that's just that's the way it is. I think even I think society and parents obviously because it is more mainstream now people are more open to it, I guess. Yeah. Sure. Thing that you deal with on a regular basis we back then there was no one to really talk to you about that stuff. Yeah. Well, some people think you're crazy YouTube and Facebook and and and just so many outlets to find things like this were then we just what was ever was on TV or at the local library, you know, well and in on Paris that the double-edged sword there though is that there's also a lot of fakers now, so so it not only does it give you a voice or an outlet to talk about it, but it also in a way kind of It makes you have to make sure that you are 100% true the you know that you followed the Hippocratic method and everything and make sure that you produced your results so that somebody can come along and say well that you made that in your basement right guys, there's and now obviously with technology. There's people could produce more fake images videos thousands ever before it's hurting us big time for sure it is, you know, and as far as our evidence, we just put our evidence out there. It's up to you to believe what you want to believe or how about the own conclusions. We don't force anyone to believe in the Paranormal. It's just it is what it is is what we've captured and yeah, I can't explain tell people I can explain. I don't know if it's go. I really don't know if it's goes there's a lot of theories that could be parallel universes. It could be there's just so many different. I don't know. I mean, there's no scientific studies to see exactly what we're experiencing. I might know whatever it is. It's like let's check it out and you know at least get as close to it as we can. Right? Right, right. I think that's what keeps bringing me back more and more and more every time it gives a piece of evidence over here having a personal experience. You want to see how far this can go, you know, I mean kind of you want to see what could happen next at least. That's the way I look at it for myself personally. I saw something on Twitter a couple days back that said be weary of anyone who claims to be a paranormal expert. Because you know, I don't know. I don't know if there is any paranormal experts. I think there's people with experience people with more experience be looked up to maybe some like to use the word expert because I know it's such a it's such a it's a pseudoscience really, right? I don't really think there's really any experts in the field. I didn't call the field. I don't think it's a scientific other called more of a community. So many people do do it. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, I like that. And the scientific field, you know, I obviously when there is a studies and stuff. There's a database there's no database for Colonel activity. There's no one spot to go to where you can do research or and I've talked about this before the Paranormal was ever studied and has to be in a controlled environment say well, let's take Waverly Hills. For example, it has to be like in a bubble for a year. Yeah, we control of the temperature the weather electric everything about the structure itself. Not have any outside contaminants come in and then do studies and that'll never happen because I don't know how many millions that would cost. But because you have to have a controlled environment just like any scientific study of any kind of activity or right virus or anything else to see exactly what you have well and not only that you would have to have your keep member what it's called in science terms, which are your neutral or whatever your control. Is that what you can just see that to have another similar type Place read it all the same. I'm stuff and test it to see if you had you know, you had one that was there to compare her to yep. The placebo and also sounds like a band really really that's that's I mean, that's the only way I guess to really True Result. I mean because a lot of teams and groups or individuals to go on do they can go I use Waverly Hills again because you guys have been there too. Everyone goes there doesn't have the same experience. I mean, they hear rumors. Oh I heard and I don't like I don't usually like to listen to other people's stories before I go no place hame because you know, you don't get that in your head. You know that thinking in your head ahead of time ago. Your anticipation right? You kind of go in there blanke with a blank slate and Company own conclusions If you experience stuff, it's also found that if you go somewhere expecting to experience something typically you don't experience anything like you did. That's a curious. Anyway, didn't know if I was looking for something to occur nothing occurs. Yeah, and you know it for me the same thing kind of Falls along the lines of like edps. I'm like if I ever capture one, I don't when I'm sharing it I Try not to tell people what I think it says to see if they hear the same thing, you know because if I set you up ahead of time, that's what you're going to hear right, you know, exactly. Yeah that's in and we work with psychics and I try to I'm not a psychic by any means. I think I've my intuition strong for do hundreds and hundreds of Investigations that trust my gut but when we work with psychics, we never tell them any information the place we're going to and on the history and what we found is they they work better when they don't know anything about the yeah. Yes. I try to adapt that to when I investigate to I'm there. Sometimes I do do the research of a location. And you know, you kind of get some of the history to it, but I don't like here in the Paranormal experiences too much. Yeah. Yeah the same goes I read tarot as well and I struggle reading myself because I know everything about me and so it's absolutely clouded. I can't I can't find real information because I'm already thinking about myself and everything and trying to fill in the gaps and I feel the same way for a psychic. It's like if you give them everything if they're there even if they are truly psychic it's going to be hindered because it's going to Be gaps are going to be filled in where they may not have should have been it's like walking into right so green, right? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah same thing. Yep. So you had some near-death experiences you and your girlfriend snuck into a place and somebody told you to get the F out and then fast forward what came next many years went by. Hey, I love to fairly normal life. And then I I just to say when I got older I said I don't really care what people think about me. I don't give a shit anymore. I'm just going to do this. You know what I mean? Because I think once you kind of put yourself out there with social media people start judging you and it was still relatively new the Paranormal. I mean, there's a few TV shows on so I joined this team I ment job. We're on the scene. Like I said five or maybe six years or six years, but we wanted it was more they did a few things a year. We want to do more. Or we start to get that taste out of my mouth. Yeah, you know want to go places and experience things Explore More. So we just decided to create our own team of December of 2016. We started out with nothing with nothing at all. No equipment anything. We just said we're going to do this. We recruited some of our friends that we're interested in this stuff and really the rest is history. So how we got to where we are now kind of just took off and started going places and Meeting people and we've traveled all over the United States and then a lot of the famous haunted locations and humble. We like doing a huge one of our main, I guess goals starting out with Historical preservation if there's any way we could help with the Paranormal preserve and raise money. We've worked a lot of historical societies and businesses that are trying to save historic buildings, whether it's Public tours of public presentations and stuff like that. So we've been very very fortunate and very very lucky to use a paranormal to help others in other other ways, you know, I mean not necessarily paranormal ways, but you know, we've worked with donate a lot of money to 30s problem of gone house in Detroit and donate a lot of money to Gleaners food bank here in Detroit. We work with them quite a bit. So we've been able to turn the Paranormal and two ways to helping people just keep General people that aren't even in the Paranormal. That's amazing. That is awesome. Yeah, we've been very blessed very lucky and keep doing more. We created a beer here in Detroit with that water Brewery. Yeah a paranormal team dear. It's called hello from the other side. It's a sage Saison awesome. So if you're up in Detroit stopping at Water Brewery or at water in the park and Grosse Pointe, yeah - hello from the other side. That's fantastic. Is that yeah. It's actually pretty good cool, man. Yeah my improv troupe. There's a local coffee shop here. That'll name coffees off after things and we had our improv troupe years back had our own coffee was damn good coffee because we were damaged goods. Yeah. It was kind of cool. Atwater want to do this with us and they said yeah, let's do this to come on some ideas. And we said he makes up with sage and it came up with sage Saison and awesome. You know, I'm not I'm not a big like Beer Drinker Craft Beer Drinker, but I actually like this actually tastes really really good. That's awesome man. That's great. So you guys got you know, so you've had for years and you guys are busted your ass and now I mean you're traveling all over the country that's pretty remarkable. And so I would say that tells me you guys are doing a lot of research on places. You want to reach out to and having to essentially Be salesmen, you know, so to speak as a way to get yourself invited when we first started. I reached out to so many people just email and begged we want to come because one of our things to was trying to get to places. They've never been investigating before Brian how we've been lucky to do things like that. So now our popularity's grown a lot of people come to us now, so right it's pemex a lot easier, you know, I mean, I used to call or email and Hound people and yeah, I still do Will do. Yeah, but it's it's easier now, you know the oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, we've heard of you guys. We saw you on TV or whatever even though it's likely we have our credibility because we've been on TV which really doesn't matter. I think our work speaks for itself, right? But that's how people think that way, you know, you mentioned earlier about how would you kind of when you first got started that there was it was still kind of a taboo thing almost a little bit. So I wonder if as as Society Eating to accept more of the paranormal investigation step. If that's opening these businesses that are operating in these locations to want to have that come in one for exposure. Right? Because I'm sure you're going to talk about their business. And so that's exposure for them and to be right that it adds kind of that cool factor for that location that that kind of helps to set them aside from someplace else. Yeah, no, you know some places embrace the Paranormal business owners and it surprised me who sometimes people are we worked with Wayne State to college here in Detroit? Yep. I'm very have a theater downtown Detroit. We don't let you know paranormal stuff come in and fast forward three years later there. Outside come investigate and we had Channel 4 News went with us on it and we end up doing a tour there and raising money for their dance and theater class at Wayne State. So things like that happen where before they went lettuce. And also now they will which is really really cool because we love Detroit the bounced off here is a beautiful theater. Yeah. I'm sorry. We got some really good evidence out of there. Yeah. My my theater Professor was a Wayne State got his master's degree there. And so when I ended up, Going to Western Kentucky University for us to both be able to talk about Detroit was really amazing. And I almost went to Wayne State myself for my grad but ended up just being a lazy bum instead. But yeah, that's how we go. Cool cool campus. It's right in the heart of Downtown Detroit. And like I said Detroit style is getting built up. Its really really nice. It's fun doing stuff like that will give back a little bit into kind of what you guys have actually got going on right now. I saw think I think it was maybe a couple days ago pop up on YouTube that you'd put up a new video up for the naval base. And then I think you got some other things going on. Yeah, we just there they are. There's a city. It's on an island called grow Zeal and there is an old Naval Base that people kind of forget about was on this island. It's right out of Trade Center right on the Detroit River actually carry and it was huge. It was huge Naval Base on the bigger ones inside the United States and it operates what 1960s in the 60s and I will shut down but like George w-- Bush earn. His wings are Bob Barker. Earhart came through there had dinner at this place. We investigated Charles Lindbergh came through this place. We investigated so the barracks and everything else are tore down. There's only two buildings left one of the hangars and then this Officer's Club. It's like they have their dances and some of the higher ranks officers would stay in this nicer instead of barracks and send us. I guess it's like a giant house, but they had a bar and a dance floor and its really really cool place. And this guy's trying to sit dad just started saving his dad. Passed away that in son is taking it over. It's kind of like a bed and breakfast. It's not like you could run a room for like $100 a night the refurbished in each room when they get the money and try to save the bits it because it's a rather large. I want to see it maybe 40,000 square feet. So it's not really small and it's three fours. Yeah, we've got some really really good stuff out of there and the gentleman's dad's name was Art. So we've talked to people that work there before and it's the ghost of art, you know, you know you hope they contact I'll start right and we actually did he said I'm proud of my son with our Spirit Box is a part of my son what he's doing said his name art. She was kind of rewarding for us and then also also his son to hear that, you know, and if someone's like skeptical and it's like the sky yeah of the Paranormal and I approached would you guys ever cuz we've always heard His Kind of haunted and they've never had anything paranormal down there before and we'd love to help you guys save the building and we can do tours did a couple tours every raised a few thousand dollars from them and you know close to help towards, you know, restoration restoring these beautiful place, but it's it's it's just it's awesome to do some like this and like I said, it's an old Naval base its kind of paying respect and people think, you know paranormal. It's your Conjuring or you're provoking or not, right the opposite. We're trying to communicate it then sometimes they don't communicate sometimes I do we try to pay respect. Because if you believe they're human Spirits pay respect to them as much as possible and it seems like places that have at least from my experience seem Super Active, you know, I don't know if they've been waiting for years and years and years to have someone talk to them, but it's find that seems active more than one unusual. Well, I know I've lived in some houses that have been we've had some activity like so my grandparents house for example that I've talked about on here before but it was built in 1825 and it had a doctor's office. Yes. I had a doctor's office and a school on one side of the house and then living quarters on the other side when it was originally built and so in the doctor's office as you can imagine, there's a lot of activity that happened in their lamps would turn on an electric organ would turn on and play sometimes it's so the number of experiences that I've had. While you know just leads me to believe that there's something going on. But one thing I never I really never liked with anybody that I've watched or been with is anybody who provokes the ghost to doing something and I just I don't agree with that. Yeah. I'm not a big fan of Zak Bagans. Who does that? He's you know, I'm like leave me alone man goes got feelings, too. No. Yeah. I don't either I think you got to think like a I always think of it like a month coming in my house. Strangers walking in your house and they just start. What's your name? Who are you? I mean, yeah, I think I try to look at in that terms. Like how would you ask walk into some stranger's house? You know, you can try to be polite respectful and I think that's another reason we get a lot of responses. I don't know why we get so much evidence that we do a lot of EVP stuff some shadow figures and something's caught on video, but it's I think it's the way we approach it. I've never wanted to be VOC anything I've never ran into I want to say negative energy is nothing demonic. You know, if you do believe they are human there's good people real life in these dead people are alive and I don't think that changes once you go to the afterlife once you pass on I think if you're bad here and real world, you're gonna be bad on the other side, you know, so I think sometimes you run into people like that whether it's in prisons, you know murders or people that career criminals that have been bad people some of those Energies Winger for some reason and those might be the negative energy experience that everything demonic. I see a lot of people wanted want to have demonic experiences, but I don't want ever have an experience like that. Oh, that's scary. And that's real that could really put a lot of young really ruin your life. If you ever have any demonic from what I've read and yeah I've seen and you know, one of the theories that I have is that that vacant buildings because they don't have any Any any other influence other than potentially those energies that are left behind that they become a vacuum and they draw any any any energy that's in the area so it could be positive or it could be negative because it's a vacuum of space and so nature abhors a vacuum. I'm curious if of the areas that you've gone to if any of them have been left vacant for a long time. And if they had do you typically have more experiences in those places than others or would help me too? Maybe about the lid if I my theory there's been one trying to think one place on this kind of a cat. The upper floors are vacant. They can since 1982. It was a psychiatric hospital here in Michigan called Eloise and we were the first group to investigated back in August of 2018. First two floors were in use in to 2016. But the upper three psychiatric Wards floors were not use their relax. Get off there was actually like stepping back in time. And for me the first that we investigate their I actually don't want to say ran out, but I've got other fairly quickly third floor. I think that's on our YouTube channel. Just want to put that on YouTube but we had our cameras going static Kim's going on the third floor and I get investigated till like 130 140 in the morning and I think there were six or seven I was there at the time and so everyone came up on Third floor we started talking. I got my phone can start catch them on Facebook or whatever and I kind of got into my phone like a fool and everyone walked away and I was left alone on the third floor. Well, I didn't know at the time that everyone had left the building Facebook live. So people can actually watch them alive. So I had them on her in the Facebook lab was going and I was a little bit scared. I'm not gonna lie. I was a little bit scared alone afraid to admit that I'm scared on this sometimes and I was by myself in the third floor. It's a huge buildings 200,000 square feet. So in my mind, I felt comfortable like someone's there with me talking to people on Facebook. They're asking questions about Eloise and the investigation side pop back and forth and people then I started hearing something in the back of the ward, but I was in like footsteps. So first I thought maybe the guys had snuck. Back around and came back in the building or trying to scare me and I took my flashlight and there this is there static cameras run that you can see there's nothing in there I'm saying hello. Hello. Do you hear me saying hello and I just go back and just kind of rationalized law because I was by myself and I go back and start dancing questions again on Facebook and then it got louder that kept coming closer and closer and I can feel like I said, I got I'm not a psychic or empath or anything like that, but I can feel this energy coming towards me and I said I shot my flashlight again. There's nothing There and I said you can hear me so, you know, I'm done I'm out of here and I took off out what down the stairs is no power in the psychiatric hospital. I run out takes about two to three minutes to get downstairs. I gotta go on the parking lot and I see everybody's outside. So that's what I first knew that everybody was outside so starts I said, there's something up there. There's something up walking around making noise. I don't know what it is, but you guys need to come up there. So they're like, yeah, right. Yeah right come up here and check this out. So we went up there nothing happens. About quiet of course, and the good thing is we were recording at the whole time. So we went back after the record went back and reviewed audio video that you can watch myself leave and the cameras will follow me all the way out downstairs has when I'm gone for at least five or six minutes straight. There's footsteps. There's I was where I was at there is a shower patient shower area. You can have a shower curtains going back and forth to get their cabinets opening and closing like Filing cabinets you can hear footsteps things dragging across the floor the cameras there. There's nothing nothing on the camera, but you can hear the audio and you know, it's like Paranormal like, you know activity or when you Catherine avt it's very subtle. You have to go over over and over. It's right here that with us. This is not subtle. This is very blatant and loud. It's probably one of the best experiences in those scared somewhat that I've ever had paranormal what you know, especially capturing the evidence after Left the room. It was right just very loud and blatant that is an amazing experience. I have not had an opportunity to have an experience like that. I would welcome it. Yeah, you say that now I don't people people people get mad or question. Like well, you're a Paranormal Investigator. Why would you stay there? But it was always help people pick a fight or flight type Instinct, but I wanted to stay trust me. I want to stay but my body was saying go just go somebody's are I can go you can't control. Roll those right? It's just I don't know if that answered your question about speaking of old abandoned and my dream is to someday get to go to Bob Lowe Island like that was you know my place when I was a kid if you guys ever had a chance. It's to get out there at all. No, that's on the Canadian side. They do tours over there. There's still a few I guess the position because I used to have bubbles who has kids. Oh, yeah. Those are there was one of the boats here in the river, but it caught on fire. I think last year we want to say ago. I had been following that is Davis. It was so cool to see the old boat like into remember being a kid and going on that. And I guess there is a welder in there and I guess what I was I don't know. They really don't know what happened that one up in flames. You can still see it on the river, but it's probably Beyond repair now, but he was trying to save and Salvage it and kind of bring it back to its Glory but no Bible. It's been one of the place I want to go to there's a lot of cool things still there. Yeah, I watch a lot of YouTube videos of people like, you know sneak in there and going and checking out all the old building. Not that we encourage trespassing. No, no. No, that's one thing. We don't do it. Yeah, we're an LLC were also a business. So we don't write make Lagos we get permission from every business that we know place we enter and yeah, I mean, I'd love to I wasn't on this. I don't know this company. I would obviously do something like that. What I what I was younger I used to be Fearless, but I don't ya I don't condone trespassing now, especially across International borders, man. No. Yeah catch an American you I don't know. The Canadian laws are either for sure. Yeah, you don't want an aqua mountie coming after you no. No, we have a place here. That's called Rose worse. Yeah, that's and I want to go I want to do that so bad and but yeah, we have a place here called Rose Island and it's right across the river in Indiana. And it's this old amusement park that was there late eighteen hundreds early nineteen hundreds and most everything is gone, but there are still like foundations and if you like Killers, and it was during that neoclassical period and it's incredible and you know, you can take tours as well. But a lot of people that grew up in that area talk about years and years and years ago when they all used to just sneak out there and smoke pot and you know get into the buildings that were dilapidated that are now gone, you know, so right as I'm about that. Yeah, but yeah, I'm with you I'm too old to be sneaking on the stuff anymore. I knees can handle it. Yeah, like if somebody shows up I'm like yeah, and you know, I mean So Todd, it's it's been it's been great having you on we honestly probably could talk for a couple of hours. But we try to make our show just a little bit over an hour. And so we we've gone for quite a bit and I just want a couple of touch on a couple of things one. Is there any is there anything that our listeners should know about you like anything that you got going on that you want to get out there for our listeners to know about especially because like my whole family is from Detroit Flint area and In fact, I reached out to a number of them when talking about you guys and they a lot of them had heard of you guys from the news and things like that. So we have a lot of listeners that are already up in your area. So okay. Yeah, absolutely. We're going to be doing some tours again this year. We just did want to be Naval Base. They'll Naval Base the pilothouse we're going to be doing there's a place in Detroit called the sixth Precinct Police to the old Detroit police were mistakes Precinct go around in Southwest Detroit a friend of ours is restoring this building will be doing some tours. There are going to be in West Virginia at Sweet spring sanitarium, May 28 believe for Republican senator. That's not far from us. so yeah sweet spring sanitarium is supposed to really super hot friend of mine runs that and I saw an investigation fears and showing the Travel Channel they came out combust we're at Eloise and they did sweet spring sanitarium and that was one of their most active places of look look creepy to me so I'm excited about going there we're going to Beaver Island good work a lot historical site is working well we just signed with Detroit Historical Society here in Detroit investigate Fort Wayne their historical site in downtown probably some public stuff there too to still finalizing that stuff but yeah we're all over and we usually test our social media am I get be able to if you guys are ever interested in getting in Toledo I got some some contact my whole family my main family is there and there's a lot of historical buildings there to man that oh yeah ripe for that it would Yeah, we'd love to we're always what weird guy reached out to us friend of a friend at the farm 1850 and Temperance. Yeah fishing and I think that's kind of by the Ohio border. Yeah, it's my dad lives right on the border. It's like 10 minutes up. The road is temperance. Okay? Yeah. So Jeff and I are heading out Sunday and talk to his family, but they send us pictures of this girl in a white dress all over their properties ghostly figure than a picture their house. And that's the farms in 1850. It's a huge huge site. So we're excited about doing that and anything like that ever been investigating for again. You never know. We're going to get that's what makes this fun. Right exactly. Yeah that when going through a lot of your evidence and stuff that was one of the stories that stuck out to me was the that one of your people can't remember the name, but I she had seen a woman and that was like you guys need to get out of here. Oh, yeah. to work one of our one of our best EVPs over actually by disobeying that that energy I think it made her made her mad and she told to leave their get out or that one's another one you could kind of come up with your own conclusion what it says right and you know what you told me you're a horror movie guy to just like me and you know when the crazy person is telling you to get out you gotta get out man I know I broke the horror movies I got the right then go right ahead yeah thank you for the warning I appreciate it so hey Todd we're actually going to go ahead but go ahead if they were actually going back that that we're captured that EVP and we're talking about that lady's house to leave the the energy that's a lighthouse on Beaver Island yeah very Michigan and so we're going back we're actually the stay the night we've got access to the actual house this time which we can get access to last Wednesday night in this place Yeah, I don't know how cool it's going to be because it kind of scared me but right right good scared. I looked at I was looking for yeah, good skin looking forward to it. That's fantastic man that I am a good jealous of you guys. It's one of those especially because you know, you're in my family State, you know, like in that just I love Detroit. I love all Michigan and it's cool to live vicariously through you guys. It's been fun. And we've like I said, we've been very lucky very blessed and very humbled by the just the support and love that we get it's just it's been amazing instead of fun fun rides fascinated it looking at all your guys this stuff and how much you've accomplished in four years it's remarkable so he tied I just wanted to ask you one more thing and that is how do you feel about Ancient Aliens we always try to ask a question that's outside of your purview ancient aliens alien you know paranormal I'm really into aliens I'm They got into that much. I think obviously there's something else out there besides our but I sometimes think that the Paranormal I don't know if it's it could be aliens that we're talking to now where do the prayer almost all the EVPs are capturing us the shadow figures honestly and people talk about the sorry. I've been kind of researching alien stuff like that. I do believe that aliens have been here maybe before we were I'm in the universe is really old. So yeah, I mean that is the path we're on right now as we're reading a lot of John Keel the guy that wrote The Mothman Prophecies and watching great documentary called Hellyer we've been obsessed with that and it's that idea that all paranormal things are truly the same thing. They're really connected somehow. We just haven't figured it all out yet. You know, that's kind of path. Where what are we researching down right now? No, no and I and I mean I've never I just think like the universe is so big and bright. You know UFO expedite the Bigfoot stuff. I'm not so sure on because there's not a lot of evidence on Bigfoot stuff, right but UFO and alien stuff, especially with the government releasing. Well, this video is now lately and yeah United States government Canadian government, I guess the British government's gonna release like 50 years of yeah, we just talked about that. They're gonna have a whole website out open to the public like yeah, super excited. Yeah, just tear through that just people ask is there are aliens Among Us now there could be you know, I don't know it's hard to say. Yes. That's the joy of the Paranormal though. I guess we're all never know till we know you know, right man. We thank you so much for taking your time and you know humor and us and having fun with us and sharing your story. And I know that we didn't even scratch the surface with you man. No, I have so much to talk about I love talking about this stuff. Obviously. That's why when I saw you guys are staying on my God like to reach out and see you guys. One had me on I'm glad you got it. Did I had a great time? I appreciate it. Yeah, maybe we can have you on again something else. Yeah, and he's got there and all kinds for The Improv Festival. Maybe we can grab some coffee man. Yeah, he's got a hold of me for sure, you know be around and maybe a couple hundred spots around here. Absolutely. I need to go to the Festival. Yeah. Thanks so much. Todd has been an absolute pleasure. Where? R can they find you that's the last bit forgive your plugs. You can find us to our website Detroit paranormal expositions.com. And we're on Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube. I even think we might have a Snapchat. I'm not sure but yeah, everybody kind of has that Snapchat. I don't know that's a little bit too old for that. But the younger guys in the team Snapchat, but I don't think so. Laird yeah been looking at him right? There will be sharing all of this for you. And yeah, like we said, we'd love to get back with some time and good luck on everything you guys are doing. Thanks guys. I appreciate it. Yep. Have a good night. You two. Wow, thank you again Todd. Thank you so much. And thank you DPX for letting him come out to play. I don't know if he asks for permission. So now he started it Jeff. We just wanted to say we'd love to have you on some time as well. And thanks for letting Todd come out. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks Mom. So lots of spooky stuff going on in Detroit Michigan and you know my family's up there. It's like they've all got I mean I grew up in a home. That was very Open to the Paranormal and everybody had stories and ghost stories and and you know, my grandmother was a psychic and yeah, all sorts of things like that and it's cool to hear things from around my neck of the woods. If anybody listens to this episode and doesn't take away at least the fact that you have family in the area. Did you guys know they didn't listen? I'm from Southeast, Michigan, Northwest, Ohio. Area that's where my family's from. So but yeah that what a great what a great bunch of just stories and that God. I can't even wait. Yeah, I want to dig into the evidence some more. I've been playing through the website as we can talk and things like that. I mean they have so many EVPs on their on their website and just news stories and I love I love his outlook on it as we're just going to put it there right and believe it or not. I'm not going to try to defend it at this is just what we saw and heard well, I mean it's kind. Of the the approach we have for the show, right? You got you guys tune in and you listen and you can you can decide if you want to accept what we offer or not. Yeah, you can accept in fact speaking of accepting when I was at Circle K yesterday had a this girls like hey, can you pass me a straw? And I said, yeah and she says after I get the straw can I ask you a question and I'm like, oh cool. Maybe I taught her improv or theater at some point, or maybe she listens knew my voice. Very Escape. No it was about If I knew what was going to happen when I die and so I've got this 13 year old girl trying to get me to accept Jesus Christ in front of the Coke Zero hang that was fun. No, she dip your finger in the Coke and bless you have blessed my forehead. I don't know whatever but this the stories though. The what I wanted to really get to was our listener story this week. We've kind of gone back. We had some UFO style Cryptids stories. And so I Get back to another ghost story. This comes from a listener named Ricky Sexton who is a member of the haunted history of Kentucky Pages. Well and a listener and this is his story. It's spooky. So I have a story from my childhood that my mom told us kids and it was one that she was told when she was young and I always love to hear old spook Tales From years gone past and I heard a lot of them when I was a kid. I always listened with great admiration. So here's one of those Tales of about a family was living in this house and they heated and cooked everything on a heating stove most people did back then and when they would get in bed every night, they would hear something. exactly the same time every night and it sounded like the front door opened and someone walk it in and go on to where the heating stove was and they would get up and they would look but never seen anything in the door was still shut and this went on for a very long time every night at exactly the same time and then one night before they got in bed the husband who was exhausted nailed boards across the door and at exactly the same time that night it sounded like the door open but this time it sounded like chains being drug across the floor and it sounded like it was coming to their bedroom so they were so scared they all got under the covers and covered their selves up and mama said that it came to the side of the bed where the husband was and just about beat him to death and then it left and when they got up and went to the living room the door was shut and the boards were still nailed across it they never did hear it anymore after that night wow yeah don't don't now boards across the door yeah once again a you know Todd talked about this it's like we're walking into their house right so whether this is your house now or not somebody lived there before and if that spirit is there and that's his routine every night right who was kind of the way now something else that I was thinking about and we've talked about before with ghosts kind of inheriting the space even if something else is built over top of it yeah you know on Todd mentioned that a lot of stuff for conservation of old places and things like that and just so think about that if you're a business who buys an old let's say Factory and it's haunted and that you tear it down and build your new business on top of that you've just inherited yeah all of those Hans yep everybody so it don't matter what you try to do but yeah it's very interesting and it makes me wonder if those nails were made of iron and there is any truth to the idea that iron hurt and things like that hi you know I don't know I don't know but interesting to change drug especially with Todd's story of here in the chains right exactly very interested in its you know you don't you don't take just your fists to it goes fight no no you take salt you take Sage you take a woman that that's short and little and named Zelda so she can say this house is clear and stuff like that but no that's our listener story remember you can send in your listener story so thank you Ricky you can send in your listener story too Fierce Kate podcast at gmail.com or find us on any of our social media at Fear Escape pod that's Facebook Instagram Twitter DM us there send us your stories I'm look for us on message boards I'm all over the place I'm all over Reddit I'm all over any any paranormal alien board I'm out there and also you know we've had some people buying our t-shirts thank you guys so much you have no idea how happy that makes us we just love spreading the word like that and we're going to be putting some more or t-shirts on there you can get that on our website fear skate podcast.com there you can either click the hamburger as that what you said yeah the hamburger tab hamburger menu or the three linemen yeah before align menu and hit store or just click the store on the website and go in there there there only about 20 bucks they're pretty and I've been wearing mine and it's comfy it is very comfortable yeah surprisingly because usually they're pretty not good yeah kudos to T public you gotta make some good Carrots, but yeah, so check out those t-shirts and check out some of the other t-shirts we put on there and support some of our friends and things like that and aside from that you got anything else Josh. Nope. Nothing else. All right. Well, we I got to get out of here then and we will yeah, we'll just go ahead and get out of here. Yeah, so we'll see you guys next week. This has been Stephen and I will catch you on the flippity doo side. This has been Josh the truth is out there and don't forget everybody. Make sure to hold those blankets extra tight. Good night, folks. Good night. I'm so glad you were able to join us for that horrifying discussion. I hope they didn't frighten you too much tune in next week for even more research to the nightmarish party groups Spooks. We tell ourselves don't exist, but we know they do make sure you have your blankets that you hope them extra talked next time on. Yes.