Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut feeling. I'm telling you, I won't even make it a few steps outside the station if I exit before the end of my shift I ran back to my booth and just sat there. I felt like the Shadows themselves were watching me. Suddenly I saw movement in one of the cameras there. It was a dark figure. No, I can't even call it a figure it was a literal monster. It was worse than your worst nightmares. It had four arms or were they tentacles they each ended in razor-sharp point were those eyes all over its body? It had red bead like things over its whole body. They reminded me of small bright red jewels on a pitch black fabric. It had things coming out of its mouth. That's all I can call them things. They weren't like tentacles. They were twisted and curled like worms as if it was vomiting. It's whole brain out. It had legs like the fins of a fish thin and floppy. How was it even standing straight suddenly? It dawned on me. I quickly tore my eyes of the camera feed. I covered the camera with my jacket. The whole image of the creature had been fully edged into my brain and I was shaking uncontrollably. I swear I hadn't looked for too long. Chills run up my spine as I heard a high-pitched whistle. It sounded excited and hungry. More shrill whistles occurred around the dark subway station. My whole body was frozen on the spot and I swear the creature could hear my panicked heartbeat the whistles got louder and louder as if they were coming closer and black sticky liquid oozed out from underneath the door of my booth. I backed up and the second time this night nearly lost my dinner on the floor. My stomach must be very strong the liquid bubbled and seeped in very slowly. It didn't have a color. It was the color of nothingness. I was mesmerised by its color. It was the color you see in between your dreams at night. It was the color a blind man would see I suddenly saw the same creature. I saw in the camera feed now literally touching the glass of my booth. I let out a sharp jump as the creature suddenly moved towards the door and the door knob started rattling. Then I heard another sound a sound that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Just when I thought I couldn't experience any more fear than not I was currently experiencing all my muscles locked up. I was literally Frozen in fear. The sound was Indescribable. It was a mixture of moans and laughter crying and shouting. It was a sound nothing can recreate the sound blurred like a horn and my brain suddenly. Just what was happening? The Phantom train was coming. The creature that was at the door of my booth look scared to its spasmed all over like a fish out of water. Suddenly. It turned around and ran all slithered. I don't even know what word to use for his movements. Looks like I survived breaking another rule the Phantom train came in. Have you guys watched Thomas the Tank Engine? Yeah, that's not exactly how the train looked like. It had a human face embedded on its front. Other than that the train was fairly normal and it came to a stop on the platform. I couldn't erase the image of the face on the train looking at me as it stopped by. It had an unnatural grin on its face. Its eyes were way too big and cartoony. It took a lot of effort to snap out of it and pick the handgun out of the drawer under my desk. It was already loaded. I did not want to break this rule. Even the creature that came after me was scared of this train, like honestly do not want to face whatever comes out of this train something deep in my gut told me that if this time I failed to follow the room, I won't make it out of this Subway. Guess who came out? It was my little sister. She's recently turned 15. She walked out looking days that she had just woken up. She looked around and saw the train station her eyes lit up as soon as she saw me I pointed the gun at her and her face crossed over with fear and concern she told me to put the gun down. She asked me why I was doing this suddenly the train blurred. It's hideous horn and its doors started to shut my sister looked back equally disgusted at the Sound I pulled the trigger. It all happened in slow motion the handgun made a loud sound that echoed all across the subway station the bullet pierced the back of my sister's head that made blood splatter everywhere. My sister dropped like a stone and blood gushed out of her womb like a waterfall. It pulled all around her lifeless body. The train left its horn mocking me. I quickly went back to my booth and broke down. I cried for what seemed like hours and screamed at the subway station. She seemed so real. Was it actually her body laying there? Did I just take the life of my sister? No, I couldn't have no. No. I'm trying to calm down by typing this up. It's still only 3:20 a.m. And I have around two hours to go and before my shift ends. I don't think I'll make it. This isn't a subway station. It's a portal to Hell. Thank you for listening. If you like what you heard consider subscribing or listen to another episode or series if you have a story you'd like narrated contact me on Twitter in the description below.