Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone or your computer and then anchor distribute your podcast for you, so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and all those other platforms out there without even having to do anything you're also able to make money from your podcast regardless of your listenership. So it doesn't matter if you have just your mom listening or the State of Texas you can still be heard and get paid. I know you're sitting here wondering. All right, where is it twists and I'm here to let you know that there's literally no twist because on top of all of this it's free. So if you're interested in starting your own podcast, be sure to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright, let's hop into this episode. I started this podcast like three weeks ago. No four and five. Okay was like five weeks ago. So start this podcast we recorded two episodes like ones. I was driving a loving and recorded it episode then and then did one like a short like 12-minute. I was sewed in Lubbock and then I went to edit it and it sounded so bad that I was like absolutely not I couldn't listen to my voice because I was doing it like segments like was like stopping and starting it at back up. So I had to like edit it all together and I was like, oh, this is absolutely not happening because I hate Sound of my voice and so now we're just going to record all the way through so there's no stops. There's no breaks that we just know we're currently talking we started this we started like this right we're about to how long is the drive two hours the whole it's like three hours Maxie Frisco with this whole time. We've been talking about like our time like in college because he followed me to Tech because you know, I'm such a party the life of the party so Love and follow me from a great Attack Mode every heat transfer and then I guess I followed you because I decided to go to take after you insert a I beg you. Yeah, and so we've been talking about like our life in Abilene and in Lubbock. So then I was like, oh shoot. We should be recording this for the podcast because we're just talking and now we started recording and I don't think I want to talk about any of that shit anymore to go. Alcoholism brought us together Andre whether you like it or not for years. Oh, I love it. I love a girl for years of friendship. It's all because we just stopped talking about however players my drink of choice and I started drinking alcohol like in college because I never drink until I myself or your college and I started out with Everclear like that was my go-to. drink, so I would like Go to class of Everclear in a water bottle filling up in our apartment. Any like party I went to was like Everclear was my drink of choice. And so that is what ruined me and turn me into like the monster that I am today. The funny story is Andre hated me for probably two or three months, and he did one of the eight a to me. He just didn't like want to talk me to talk to me for a good two months out and now we're best friends because of everything because of every clear. I just don't get why do you hate Abner like this is gonna be a great weekend. Why do you hate it? It's okay. It's really not that I hate. I willing because I enjoy traveling because it's so much slower Pace than like Frisco. And so I like that that's why I like loving so much like yes, I love tareq and I like my friends from Frisco or in loving but I like like the city because it's not as fast faces Fresco Fresco is just too much like we were driving the traffic or like a traffic in Frisco for no reason. So ably is not the issue. It's really not it's that godforsaken school. I graduated from now. I'm actually not joking. You know, I genuinely do hate that school and the people they're like fine like I'd probably say like 60% of the people like I would love for like them to just like just move them all to like Tech when I was there or like mood of all the frisco. That's fine. I hate the administration I hate Probably 85% of anyone that works at that University or Associates with at University. And this is like the complete opposite of an ad like I'm talking down so much that like if you're a high school go to Community College drop out before you go don't get an education at all. Okay, that's cool so much. So it's not happening. I like enjoy Abilene and like as much as I hate to say that I like enjoy like the chaos guys that I know because I'm Freaking grandpa. So 24 years old and they're all like 18 you only like the guys when they get free alcohol like, you know in a couple hours. So what do you hate happen? Because you also don't go back. It was no no, let me explain it was I went through hell and back to try to get Logan to go back this weekend because I was going back for this like that whole ceremony they're doing for that the stone and everything that's how is going back was like they're doing that. I asked Logan Come along and he's like why like come now. He's like why like, it's alumni weekend. He's like, okay why you're shady. Sometimes you don't tell me the whole truth. Don't tell me you expect me to be like I cool and then we get there then plot twist some shits going down. So I just wanted to make sure I knew what my facts before I said. Yes, we could we I do have plans lined up. If you don't end up wanting to go to this camp out there already in place. So we have options there it is, but it was like Most of like mining Logan's friendship is the I never told Logan Logan has no idea about this podcast. I don't think David knows even listen to the trailer. Okay fake, but so the name of the podcast is called hear me out. And that's literally like mine of Logan's like friendship defined to tease literally just like these things like preparing the say some bullshit that I know Logan's gonna say no to until I say hear me out and then he's like, okay, I could possibly be on board. It's so I think this started out with like a hear me out because none of us want to associate Logan also claims tag. He doesn't really uh, so he transferred so you never I always got my degree from that school you transferred so like you really don't associate with them as much more as much as I do. I just as much more It's because of the degree from and telling you. What like neighbors wall like yeah, how do you say so we lived in a duplex was like a Capstone? It's like you living like you have your own house like five bedroom five bath house. And so our number was 1010 a was mine and intent be was Logan's but then on top of that it was like I had a room key and he also had room in his house. So our bathrooms jaredwall and so just like coincidence. I ended up telling him. Hey, I like signed a Capstone. He's like, oh, so did I They go which apartment of you and he's like 10:10 a so we have the same rooms. I could like go into my bathroom knock on the wall and he would hear me in his bathroom was real weird how that pans out, but that whole year, I think beside each other like what 10 times your at my apartment. I tried to get Logan at come out so many times but Logan scuffed up. He's in a very healthy and long term wonderful relationship and I'm a single piece of shit. my life consists of like Doing whatever it takes to make me happy and that was Broadway or at the time back in 2017 was bashes if you know, you know, and so I would always ask Logan to come out with me and Logan's girlfriend went to check on she was there the whole time like when we were even in Abilene she was a tag so she knew what Bosch has entailed and what Broadway entailed so's that big. No baby from pretty good. Andre So over students or at Bastion she was out. Yeah, she was a high school high school and grade school teacher and so like her students like all their face. We're going to the same bars that be at 22 years old is also going to force that's a red flag in itself. But like that's the olden days. That's the old me but we did go out one of her sins goes. Hey Miss rainwater and that credit. That was the I never went out after that the best room with Jimmy. That's so Logan spent his time with his lovely girlfriend and I spent my time, I guess trying to find a girlfriend in bad shape. I think you're going to a strip club and I probably have a better relationship out of a strip club. And then anyone at that shit be included Logan lived with four guys that he went to high school and so he didn't really When I hang out with like, you know, I was at the new kid on the Block. I never saw Logan for other guys. I make your roommates before like when I moved in and moved in before you so I get your roommates. They came to my car and they were like, hey, it was my he was like, hey, bro, what's your name Audrey? And I was like, yeah, it was like we're we're your neighbors don't like it. How like what are you how do you know my name? Like I'm so confused and they were saying like they knew you from high school. Like they were living with you. I was like, okay, this is making more sense. So I was I was already friends with them. Okay, you got this. We my way better you thought your PAW Patrols I can touch you in Cairo somewhere. Yes, because I am a new man. I like was very stressed to move to loving because not to toot my own horn, but I like ran happily and Grand McMurray. I'm using this term way to lose the actually it was not shit in that city either but It was so small that at least people like new the face and like knew who I was but a young black guy exactly. So when I got to love it guy. Actually was not Shane except for the people from Frisco because all of the Heritage went to tag it so I didn't know anyone. So I was like kind of on cloud nine when someone came up to me like knowing who I was when it turns out. It was your friends. So after we said every pair brought us together, do you have an alter ego like when you get to that point of the night and you're no longer Andre, you're like, you know my name I'll give this all the credit to Carlos. Is my name is Andres my alter egos on today's that's when I dress comes out. It's not a good time or it's a great time for everyone, but that's not a good time for me. I mean, I've seen those moments where it can either go one or two ways. I can either be like the life of a party and had the time of my life as I am today. Yes, or I could be asleep and my nights done. Like Mom come pick me up. Like mom pick me up. I'm scared call 9-1-1 a take me home Dad. I'm just doesn't come out too much. What's your what's your favorite? Oh, you can have them in one spot like that, Texas Tech you get to College experiences from Frisco, Texas. Got to have your favorite moment. I I may have heard of before I just want to like I just want to know what's your favorite? What's your favorite my favorite? Could be one of my favorites with that was not a good time. That was like no after L. Answer LF. I lost Andre, please. No, please tell the story T rated or not. You read? There's no G rated about these but try to make it as like all I remember is they pull up to a party and five seconds Andres? Full 180 a cool just cranking bag of bottle of Malibu and then another bottle of Everclear just going to town. And I don't see Andre the rest of the night. I just said, you know what he's got when I met up with him again. We were running down some neighborhood some people's yards and these sorority girls and from AC you are asking. Hey guys. Do you want a ride immediately? You don't turn those kind of girls down immediately Andre without hesitation says no. Yeah precedes the flip them off and they drive. We got picked up a gate to let me know. No, we got picked up by to Country Bumpkin rednecks and got dragged home. You want to explain yourself? Because that's my favorite moment explain two things first, the country bumpkin rednecks weren't just random people. They were like our fraternity brothers. So they they weren't like random date. They were people out because they knew that we escaped now going back to why we escaped it's because it's because we went to his part With like our group of friends at the time and it was four or five girls that were just like they were the bad influence on me and Logan because they one of them could drink like a sailor. She can outdrink anyone and anyone it's so that's where the night got started. I wasn't voluntarily chugging. Malibu it was like I gotta pee air pressure your dates here with yes. She said I bet you can chug longer than me and I said bit and I lost that big because I couldn't find this party got shut down and so we were like, oh everyone saying like there's this other party is like another ACU party. So we were going there and they were like, no we're going home like these girls. I'll be like that. They're like, no we're going home. We're going home. And I was like, no we're not and like half of the group wanted to Out of partying the other half of the group wanted to go home and I was like no so they were like no we're going into one of the girls. I want to go home driving. So she's like doing a head count like a teacher headcount. She's like County like, all right Logan's here Camille Jesse. It was Katie and like Logan Andre. So everyone's like the counter for some like looking at Logan know like Logan. We're not going home. Like let's go and so we're like communicating back and forth like kind of food looks and smells like on three just take off running and run down the street. Treat it like we'll figure it out from there. And so Logan, you know, I he's on board with me. So I'm like free and we just take off running and we're sprinting so when these girls came up driving behind us everything enemy thought it was Katie and so it's just said you want to ride it turn us and know you and then I song it was not it was a very good-looking group of girls from a see you Then I'm like trying to scream back to them. They're like, oh my God, there's like no no. No, I take it back. We do want to ride and it was too late windows rolled out there driving off. And so then later here comes the pickup truck and they're like get in the car and I was like, no I want to get in their car and that yeah, that was my fault. I will I'll wear everything there. That was my favorite Andres know that yeah, you you have your fair share of Drunken time. So who are you? I'm Richard because I'm a dick. I love that part. I thought for sure when I mean t Warden Mike live together that apartment. Do you want to talk about this because this is a this is a night. You can do anything you all you do is sleep on the ground and started. All right, that's all I got to say. You can explain the story because it's not this is also not a good night for me either. This is and Richard met each other. Yeah, this was this is your freshman year, right? and so I lived in like an apartment with like two of like my Was Mike him? No Mike's my big guy. That was so stupid. I thought it was in my pledge class. He's not in My Lunchbox. He's my big so I lived with my big and then told him I pledge class and we I was in a relationship. I was fine doing my thing. I was in my room watching Netflix Logan's in like Logan pretty much lived in this apartment to there's a freshman so you lived in the dorm. So he just kind of like always came over and so he's doing homework and my what's up? Oh he's recording us. Jenna that you're on FaceTime and he's our wait. What am I saying? Oh, he's doing homework and toward comes in and he's like has like a handles of alcohol and he comes up with like how many of these girls for five of these girls and they're like just wanting to like party. They're just wanted to have fun. And so that I was learning this is apartment to like have that it so they start like t words like Channel. This is when I DJ Khaled like another one another one. This is like they get the time. I'm so he's like taking the he's like gets us take a shot. He like pores another one. He's like another one that's like midterm or trunk like study for math and no one's trying to party at all. It was like a Wednesday Tuesday Wednesday something like that. It was not a time to be party. Okay, and so we we ended up partying long story serving at a party but in between that Somewhere down the line this party then turns into like some like soccer guys come in like that. We were friends when they come over more of like those girls group of friends come over. So it's like an actual party in our apartment and I don't know who's listen to his podcast. I like I mean, I'm scared to like explain to like you don't gotta go detail will give home girl. I can take me like a code name or what are we what should we call it? Psychopaths who broke into my body Rachel Rachel lived in the apartment above me and Logan's girlfriend was in she went to tank Logan was a good boy. He was fine. He was here for the cause. He just hung out with the soccer guys. I kept doing my homework, but I was drunk but I was doing my homework and he wasn't doing his homework and you were taking those shots. I think at one point you started facilitating the shot taking you were then pouring down the shops down everyone else's mouth because you were done you accept out and so we are like, you know, just doing our thing and like having fun and I like leave out of like my pleasure others room and I walk in the hallway. We had like all of our bedrooms like met up in a hallway. And so when I open up the door, I see Logan's face down like on his stomach face down on the floor with like another dude if they're talking like they have met this night and day. We're talking about life. Like you would have thought that they were best friends for like 10 years and there is so drunk that they could even lift up their heads. So they're talking into the ground but talking to each other but just talking to the ground because they couldn't even look at each other. Look at anything other than the ground and that that was probably Peak Logan that was That was not a good night. It wasn't a good look for Logan and all the situation like that. If you're listening he was good. He was just vibing with the ground the home. Okay, we're going to wrap this podcast sub. Thank you for listening. Be sure to stay tuned for the next episode which could be next week or it could be next month. It could be tonight. You never know Andres and what would you Richard back at it again. No, thanks for listening. And as always share the were spread the word. I have no social media to like You know, like people say like follow me on Instagram. Like if you're listening to this, you've already know who I am and you probably follow me on Instagram. So there's no need to say any of that. But yeah stay tuned and thanks for listening later player.