Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sounds and the consequence podcast Network. Thank you so much for checking out the series today. Thanks again to all the subscribers who keep up with all the episodes. We do produce a new interviews every Monday Wednesday and Friday. I always love hearing from you all. Thank you for the comments that you leave in the various places, whether that's in the podcast land like on iTunes and apple podcast which by the way Leave comments there really helps out the series. I also read all the ones who come in through the YouTube channel as well and you can listen to Spotify. If you're not a subscriber any of those places or wherever you get your podcast from. Please take a moment to hit that subscribe button. So you can keep up with the series keep up with all of your favorite artists. I'm Kyle Meredith today. I'm talking with the Psychedelic Furs founding member Tim Butler jumps on the phone to talk about the band's first brand new album since 1991 is World outside. That's right. They've returned in tea with made of rain. We're going to get into the the ins and outs. Why exactly there is so much space between the album's the idea of picking up new fans as well as to catering to Old fans. In fact, it's a really interesting cyclical moment here at you know, when we talk about, you know, are they trying to look back at any of their previous eras for the sound he says we're actually looking at bands and being influenced by bands that were influenced by us. So that's a really interesting moment coming up in this interview is also more band input than they've ever had at least that they've had in a very Long time that went into this album that also includes one of the co-producers Richard fortus now you'll know that name. He stretches far back at least as the love spit love albums as a longtime fan. Tens going to tell us he was the perfect person to pick to help Helm This Record is a lot of alliteration in that sentence right there. Curiously. There's also some inspiration taken from David Essex and considering that area right there were also going to roll the clock back to 1980 because it was 40 years ago this year. In fact 40 years ago this month. That the Psychedelic Furs released their debut album the self-titled LP. I get to hear all about that sort of helping to create post-punk coming out of the punk movement and being in a six-piece band with saxophone. Now that wasn't an instrument that was completely obscure that time there were still plenty of bands doing that even looking in something like the E Street Band in a very different type of rock genre but coming out of the punk world and not being ska. Well it helped Define their sound anyway, so we're going to get into that as well. So let's jump into this talking about the record. Eight of rain, it's Kyle Meredith with the Psychedelic Furs. Hey, Carla you doing man? I can't believe I'm saying it but the Psychedelic Furs are back. We've waited so long a long long time with this excellent new record made of rayon. Congratulations on this. Thank you. It's good to finally have it be coming out and together everything that's been in a while. We were working on it, you know bit by bit for quite a few years. When did you start working on this? Because you know, it's as The Story Goes now, it's almost been 30 since the last record. And of course there is a time in the in there that you weren't a band and then got back on the live circuit. When did you first start talking about making a new record label early early early 2000s shortly after we got back together because we wanted to make sure you know that we still had the chemistry and things to say music to make that would stand up to our past catalog and that's a long gestation period I mean was the entire time we At a meticulous process. No, it's a long period because we are gonna as I said, we want to make sure that you know, all of the songs were what we considered good enough to be on the eight sisters out and there was no pressure and you know, we had taken the break in the the 90s because we sort of got a sick and tired of the I guess the pressure of you know album tour rehearse write new songs album tour, you know some record company, so we're still a bit. Sort of shy about you know committing to time frame or you know to that sort of thing. So I really took it having one of the oldest songs on the album, I guess is wrong trade which was written in I guess 2004 wow or five but actually what's strange of we have a lot of songs but most of the songs on the album came together, I guess in the last, you know, six months before we started recording funny how that happens, you know. When you know it's time, which is great because I mean yeah, I guess the time was right. Oh, it's great as well because everything sounds up fresh and I mean still throw Strasse when we gotta play it live. It's going to be you know, we just get me excited about doing that. Well, there's obviously magic that happens when you are right together, you know something quite it sounds quite natural, but when you're putting together record in especially one that you know does come so far after the last one. Do you find that there is an era in their past that you want. To touch on yeah, we have to keep her close keep around down but we also, you know, you have to show that you're not in this bunch of old geezers, you know, retreading your Heyday. So I mean you dissing to watch knew he was going on around you and you are sort of influenced by it would troubling you have to be deaf not to be influenced, you know, the years by different music. So it's we're sort of taking I guess inspiration from bands that have been inspired by us. In the past, so it's sort of a circular thing very cyclical like that. It's really interesting. I mean music comes in waves and Cycles things come and go and everything but but like post-punk is having another moment in the sun right now. So it's interesting that this does arrive during this time because I don't think it could have been better timed it strange in the in the 90s stands for either grunge bands and they will be putting down put down bands from the DEA. 80s, you know and now it seems like both those bands and silver forgotten. If you had now it's more of like a 80s sound is back but in to be fair, by the way, this record made of rain sounds vital, it sounds present. It sounds relevant it, you know, I even reading some of the comments as the first single comes out with don't believe I think that surprised a lot of people, you know, because bands do come back after a lot of years and that's not always the case. You know that that whether or not it's good. And putting that aside it doesn't always sound like now and even though there is a classic first sound of this everything about this sounds very now. Yeah, I mean, I think that that was so worried we had that people will but we wouldn't meet expectations of you know, being not groundbreaking but you know relevant because it would come out with an album that sounded you know, just like retreads of dat valves other than 50 good albums, but you know, For people to hear and think wow, they're back and they sound now as fans so I think you know, we have an idea of a band especially a classic band in for you all. I mean, you know, it's almost like when you've got that much history that there's that potential that you're held to a memory. That's basically a one small moment in your life from, you know, at this point forty years ago over 40 years ago for you. All does that have any weight? You know when you are thinking about it the new music? Yeah. I mean we have an idea. Of what our original fans expect but we also have an ear to I think what it is younger fan, too. You know, I really don't really know the Furs. I've just heard, you know from other people about them and sort of seeing it, you know, the new band saying that influence using the socket first we have to I guess impress them, but I don't think they'd be impressed. If you just came back with, you know, something sounding like asking the 80s. It's a sort of if it's like a river tightrope walk to to do an album that ask but you know, it's going to appeal to people now. Let's hear about some of the ins and outs of this too because I think I read somewhere that this one is maybe more of a band effort that some in the past have had and if that's the case, what was the process this time around? Was it any different than the past? Yeah. I mean for the last for the last Is it was pretty much, you know somewhere in was Richard myself and John Ashton third, you know trade demo tapes and stuff. But on this album, we had everybody, you know that rich the new guitar playing poor Cristo was sent some ideas in and so there's a lot more people having input which made it easier. We have more things to choose from you know, which I would Richard you said. Leave an idea if you don't have a immediately get him to think very lyrical idea of putting them in a certain frame of mind then, you know, it shelled for later. Not that you won't come back to it. But you know, he's very much into if he somebody grabs him immediately. You know, he he can write the lyrics in very short time when in using a manual used other family members, I mean Richard fortus I think as you know, one of the co-producer is on this record, which of course goes back to also love spit love. Was that just a you know, if bringing in other parts of the family, you know, why did you tap him to kind of also had the board that was that was good. I'm Richard Phillips your to play. He played in the band called powder volume, which deported before I was on the world outside tour, which was that, you know, last tour we did before taking the long break and he was at an old fan from you know early on our career. So he saw his idea of a perfect for ourselves sort of helped us to handle or the songs. If we probably having a lot of our songs could be described as being I guess so laid-back, you know as we get everyone along in our career and he's sort of pointed out as a major fan what the best part for him of the first was and so that then that's how it even play guitar and a couple of tracks so helped us to to remember what we were originally About and what original you know sound was and it is really cool work it is he said he is that could sell family it's not if you go in with a producer you don't really know it takes a while to sort of get at ease but with Richard it was like immediately, you know, you've known me for so long. So as it is a very playful experience with what all you all are doing here. There's so many interesting sounds throughout this record. I mean, I'll bring up Come All Ye Faithful that there's a lot of interesting layers to that song right there. It just picking one out of the pile to well. How did that one come about that one. Mostly talks about other people putting an idea that came through rich good the Wasps a new guitar plays been with us for 11 years further, but that was one of his ideas. I think Richard immediate you like the vibe of it. He thought the vibe of it. I don't know if you've ever heard of a David Essex song called Lamplight. All right? Yeah. How's that? Menacing that it's so Sinister menacing sound which it is what I get I'm saying get got Richard into the vibe of it and which direction he was going to go. Lyrically. Like I said all the different instrumentation you're using on a track like that. There's a lot to dig into I should also bring up the lead single to because don't believe was such a solid return. I mean when you want that classic thing but something new I think that's what you know impressed everybody with that track and if you don't mind the broad question on that one too about the about the the story there. Well, that was a song that it's strangers a someone. I'd written about had a verse a verse and a chorus and I sent it to originally said to me. Yeah, I like the verse part but write another chorus. So I'll be doing away writing it right a different matter if the chorus but you've got to stereo and just started play in the verse riff and he was like, well, that's all you need. You know, that's it. The groove is everything on that they came together pretty quickly. I think it's only the last track you recorded as well that story happens a lot. You know, the last track ends up being you know, the lead single sort of a thing. I mean, you're not always lucky that because bands the new track is the favorite track a lot, but you're not always lucky that it ends up being a really solid actual track. Yeah. That one is the most most Harkens back to I guess the early sort of aggression of Of the first, you know, Circa India, you know the first album that when I hope you don't mind me bringing up because that one turns 40 years old March March 7th. I believe the the debut record that you guys did the self-titled when they're really good. I need seems like yesterday. That's good because I wanted to ask you a couple questions about it. Maybe it'll be fresh in your mind. I mean you'd only been a band. I think what three years at that point. Yeah. I'm not too shy and we don't play about Focus. Search but we would I guess we'll make it a sort of commotion in the music business in the clouds. If we used to, you know, that punk was dying because you know, I guess the three get three chord trash the burn itself out and we're out there playing and we Jam around with a song for like, you know, 10 or 15 minutes in the song Arcadia imitation of Christ would you know go on as long as you know, anybody wanted to say hello? I guess record companies will pick it up a following and record companies was saying hey if they can pick you if they can be claimed to you know, a thousand or 1500 people in London, you know, why not worldwide, you know, it was fresh. We just you know, seeing that timeline. I mean you went from not knowing how to play any instruments a few years before as the band started to being very seasoned in a very short time. I mean, what do you attribute that to a lot of rehearsal? We'd rehearse we do we jamming, you know, if my my parents front room or you know, when they threw us out this material out with do rehearsals without any gigs. We just go in and rehearse, you know, just just to have fun in a you're a little young punk might have been dying. But you know having been a little bit influenced by that the saxophone I think is what always caught my ear about that time because saxophone definitely wasn't common in Punk. Although it was coming up in sky and sounds like that. Where did that Income from to be to have that as a featured instrument in what you were six piece at the time. Yeah, well sort of thing where we went to school he would come over and he was just honk away. And as time went by he was we also played starting to play better Sarah does how he came to being a bangle we had sex it wasn't a thing that we decided that beginning or one of the one of former band have a set. It just happened. It just happened, you know as it went along in the being sort of, you know, some of those defining sounds those early years. Yeah is a defining the sound the same time that time when you Get your bands playing three chords songs, you know about Anarchy and whatever we would be playing. It was a more of a sort of I guess you could say Roxy Music cross with the Stooges. Right? Right. Yeah. And again I use I'll even purposely over use this word. It's just magical, you know, the the chemistry that all came to that which is a hard thing to come by. Yeah. It's in the band. I don't think about it much but it's just Guys is there but it is too is a even nowadays. It's quite a different thing to have and rock band. Well, I love how the chemistry is still there. Not even counting, you know different people kind of coming and going because again this new record made of rain is something really special. Well, thank you. It's been a long time. Well, I'm glad it happened. It's good for this meeting expectations. Also quickly bring up, you know where I'm based here in the in Louisville, Kentucky. And as I read your not far from here. He writes scam tips Kentucky Stanford. Now that's you know in the middle of Kentucky. That's not where you consider a post-punk legend to reside these days does the community down there know what you're doing some people but not another I mean, yeah, you walk into a restaurant sometimes and people sort of recognize me that you know, it's not it's not a hotbed of You music we have always enjoyed kind of knowing that that you guys would because if you've played up here Oval a couple times in the past few years once I think twice and everything that caught one of those shows that the Mercury Ballroom and I don't know if that's one of those shows where you get to keep the house keys in your pockets or not. But you know, it's kind of cool having you this close. Oh, yeah. I'm out. I've been here probably 12 years and I married a reason I'm down here if I met my wife, he's boarding a Liberty Kentucky and on MySpace the wow. She's after a few months of but you know these fly. I'm down here to see her and her flying up to where I was living in South Jersey at the time. He said oh, why don't you guys come down yet? You're not tied down to any particular City because of your job. Why don't you come down and moving with me? So here I am moved down here. It's it's a different Manhattan Island, and it's so I noticed this city that never sleeps, but if you want to sleep and you're paying out, Outrageous rent on an apartment, you know on Manhattan Island. It's just wasting money right when I decided you know of no longer The Nightlife person. It's perfect time to move out and down here is very like we're rich and I grew up in England in the countryside, you know farms and all around that's one of the reasons I stick around here too. It's a travel light hotels are expensive. Thanks coming back home. Yeah. Tim it's been such a pleasure in really an honor to talk to you. Thank you so much for taking the time today the new Psychedelic Furs album made of rain. I love it. So I'm absolutely so happy that you guys are still doing this after all this time. Well, thank you and it makes you be here that makes it worthwhile having done. It is pleasure talking to you. Take care man. Thanks. Carl you to buy huge thing. Tim Butler the Psychedelic Furs the new record. Is called made of rain and thanks to you for checking out the episode again, if you're not already a subscriber, I do hope you do that before you get out of here specially if you enjoyed listening to what you just heard we do that multiple times a week. So you might as well jump on board iTunes Apple podcast Spotify YouTube pod Chaser a cast Stitcher npr.org, wherever you get your podcast from you can type in Kyle Meredith with that's where you'll find us after that. They had to W FP K dot org. That's where I do is show Monday through Friday at 6:00. P.m. Eastern. It's an hour full of song premieres and music news anniversary spins and bonus interviews. Again. That's W FP K dot o-- r-- g-- consequence of sound has your music and film news. You can also find me on just about any social media platform all the major wins. Anyway at Kyle Meredith and it does it for another Edition. I'm Kyle Meredith. I'll see you next time. Consequence podcast Network. It's easy to hear your favorite artist on W FP K from wherever you are. Listen on your smart speaker live stream from our website @ WF b k dot org from Louisville Public Media.