Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free.God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted. Every model from the 20-20-20 formula the morning routine from 5 to 6 in the book or the Twin cycles of leap performance that explain that Elite Performance without deep recovery depletes your assets of Genius that model explains rest is not a luxury. It's a necessity one of the other models the 10 rituals of daily genius that I talked about the weekly designed system and the 60 Minutes student and the second wind. Out in the to massage protocol or maybe it was the model a shared in the book about transient hypofrontality which explains that every man woman and child on the planet has the ability to shift their brains out of the prefrontal cortex, which is the seat of thinking and worrying and self-editing and inner criticism and get into Flow State which is a term coined by me. Hi csikszentmihalyi, I of University of Chicago. I just wanted to put everything I had to give in To the 5 a.m. Club. So people would pay let's say if you're in North America $20 for the book or $30 for the book. I wanted them to receive thousands actually millions of dollars worth of value from reading the pages and imagine. If you continue to become obsessed with being a value Creator to the world stunning things start to happen when you actually say to yourself, I want to give my customers each one of 10 times the value that they expect or even a hundred times the value they expect. Well, here's what's going to happen. You will become a magic worker of sorts and a world where almost every person in business. And so many people are just card-carrying members of The Cult of mediocrity. Most people just deliver minimum viable product to their Marketplace and then they wonder why they're not the domain leaders. They wonder why they don't have a global brand they Wonder why they don't have a movement of evangelists around the products or services that they offer. Well, one of the core things to remember about human nature is reciprocity. We almost cannot help but reply to good things that people do for us and when you do good in the world, it not only build self respect and self love in your heart when you do good things in the world the people that you serve see that your generosity Needs to be replied and so they become your fanatical followers and these people who taste and use your products and consume your products. They see the love you put into it and the craft and the Mastery and the Acumen and the energy then when I finished the five am Club, I was mentally emotionally physically spiritually exhausted. My Wells were empty and that's what needs to happen. If you feel you've put everything that you have so you're totally depleted in the project that you release into the world.