Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every day. Well, it's official. There are no good movies. So let's go to a bad one and make out perhaps you would like me to turn like this so you can bunny bump against my back. Hey, man, what's up? You can tell me major would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition. I didn't know I had today the first good thing. She gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message? I tell you I do enjoy guilt but it wasn't me. Yes. It was it was him, huh? Okay. It was me. I was it you. Well, it was just it was all so crazy. You know, I mean Chandler was in the closet counting to ten and he was up to seven and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I meant to tell you I wrote it on my hand see all of it. Yep. That's my audition. This is why I keep note pads everywhere. Yep. That's why we don't invite you to play the great tragedy. Here you go. Get yourself a Another appointment. Well Estelle tried, you know, the casting director told her I missed my chance. Well, that is unfair. I'm color I'll tell it was totally my fault. She can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends. Julie talked to the agents that sad little life. She missed me. Okay. What are you doing? What are you doing? No. No, I know. I know. Hi, this is Caitlin from Phoebe. Buffay's office is a man there. For Phoebe, she'll know what it's about. Listen, we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani. Apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? It's still no. I don't know what I'm gonna do with her. Nope. Alright, so your husband leaves you and then burns down the apartment the world does not stop anybody else scared. But look if Joey loses this audition, and that is it for a steal. I don't care Annie you are a dog. What time can you see him? Get the woman a pet. Oh now you want to pass my boy. Here's my boy. And here's his Barbie. What's wrong? What's my boy doing with the Barbie? That's it out of the toy store himself. He loves it. He carries it everywhere. It's like a security blanket, but with ski boots in a kicky Beret. Yeah, it's cute. Why why why does he have it again? It's gonna dial. So what? Unless you're afraid he's going to grow up to be in Show Business by two women. You know what? It's fine if you're okay with the Barbie thing. So am I give Daddy the Barbie don't you want to play with a monster truck? How about a dino Soldier? Ross you are so pathetic Why can't your son just play with his doll? I gotta go to work anybody seen my left boob. I love that movie. Are you doing sorry just felt nice job, Joe answer the phone only got one good arm, you know, you should be doing stuff for me. I'll get me a sweater just do it. Okay, it's Janice and if I get it, I'm gonna have to see her tonight. That's great. I'm not see her tonight. Don't you want to see Janice? Okay last night at dinner when the meals came she put half a chicken piccata my plate and then she took all my tomatoes that's bad because you hate chicken piccata. Didn't want to share your Tomatoes tomatoes are very important to you. It's like all of a sudden we were this couple okay in this alarms started going off my head. You know run for your life get out of the building and are unbelievable. What is it with you people? I mean the minute you start to feel something you have to run away. I know that I don't want to go tonight. I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid. You mean like that guy thing where you act all mean and distant until you get us to break up with you. Hey, you know about that. Don't want to be afraid of the commitment thing. I want to go through the tunnel to the other side where there's no fear of commitment. We have any thoughts here. Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself because as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right? But it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know face your fear. You have a fear of heights you go to the top of the building you're afraid of bugs. Get a bug in this case. You have a fear of commitment. So I say you go in there and you be the most committed guy there ever was amazingly that makes sense. You think? Oh, yeah go for it, man jump off the high dive stare down the barrel of the gun P Into The Wind Joe. I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun. I'm going to be pretty much peeing every which way Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Whoo-hoo. Can I use the phone again? Sure faves, you know, that's right there for emergencies and pretend agents. Hi. I'm Phoebe buffay returning a page. Okay. Well, I'm sure she's in her car. I'll have to patch you through very nice touch. Okay, go ahead. Hi Annie. Fantastic. Oh, okay. Will he work for scare? You ask me? Well, I don't know about that except that I do and He will write. Oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you. How about we have lunch next one through a tunnel. Thank you so much. It was really fun. I'm have never talked on the car phone before you do me this huge favor to this is one other audition that I really really want and Estelle couldn't get me in. I don't know. I mean it was fun one time but come on. Please would just be this one more. Well, actually, it's 2 2. Yeah, well really it's three, but just these three, right? Right. No it's for so how come you wanted to eat in tonight? Because I wanted to give you this. Oh, are you? puppy contact paper really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper. There's more see the contact paper is to go in. Your brand new drawer drawer actually goes in my dresser. Yes, I did. Yes, I did because you're my girlfriend and that's what girlfriends should get. Wow. I gotta buy a vowel. That's some day Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer not me, but that's what's happened. And and there's more. We should take a trip. Yep. We're a couple and that's what couples do and I want to meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents. I don't think we need to because you're tripping me out right now. Are you okay? I am I actually am I mean, this is amazing my entire life. I have feared this. And now that I'm here, it's like what was the big deal? I mean I could probably say let's move in together and I'd be okay. You probably want us to move in together. It doesn't scare me. Yeah. Well, it scares me worst yet Chandler, you know, you just invited me over here for pasta and all of a sudden you like talking about moving in together and I wasn't even that hungry and I should just go go I've scared. You I've said too much. I'm hopeless and awkward and desperate for love. Hey Janice, it's me. Yeah, I just wanted to apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. Here you go, honey. This will help. So I finally catch up to her and she says this relationships going too fast, and we have to slow down that is never good and I got all. Needy and clingy. She said she call me Welcome to our side of the tunnel is ice cream tastes like crap by the way. Yeah. Well, that's it Locale non. Dairy soy milk junk. We sort of we saved the real stuff for the truly terminal cases. You start getting screwed over all the time. You gotta switch to low fat. You don't think I'm coming on. No, not at all. Yeah terminal you just we just need some damage control. Okay? Okay. So should I call her no, very critical time right. Now if you feel yourself reaching for that phone you go shoe shopping you get your butt in a bubble bath you want come back. You have got to start acting aloof. She has to know that you're not needy. Right? So what you have to do is you have to accidentally run into her. Her on purpose and then act aloof. So I'm not going to lose her. Haha, Nate. You're not a total loser. I said so I'm not going to lose her. Oh guess who's here? It's the toughest guy in Toyland been real American hero. I'm G i-- Joe drop and drop the bar. You really think he's gonna fall for that GI Joe cool. It's a toilet. Six us oil interests overseas, it's not sorry, but Phoebe wait. Oh, okay. See I didn't I didn't recognize you where in those pants? Listen that TV movie I went in for did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it. Yes, they called you didn't get it. Okay, I mean you didn't get it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's okay these things happen, but they shouldn't happen. You know what you're doing a terrible terrible business. Oh God. I don't want to be the person who makes your face look like that and you're sad and creepy. I'm sorry. I quit. Okay. No, no. No, you can't quit. You're the best agent. I ever had look pheebs rejection is part of being an actor. You can't take it. Some of that personal really let's face it. They never met an Italian actor with a worst Italian accent actually said that yeah. Oh God. There's that face again. See I can't no no she did. This is what you have to do. This job agents always lie, you know Estelle just says stuff like they went another way, but this I can use this. I cannot work on a you a consent a it helps you. Okay? Yeah, you'll never get me Joe. Chandler hello, Janice. What are you doing here? Just a bit of shopping. Have you been? Are you being British? Not anymore? What shopping are you don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me? You're huh? I'm just picking up some things for a party. What kind of a party serves barley? Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours. I always this party here in Chelsea. Whose party. Is it a woman's what woman? Chelsea okay, you know one of two things is happening here either you're seeing somebody behind my back which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet or else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody which just makes you so pathetic. I could just start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So you guys do you want to be Could I be that guy good rejections lots of stuff to work on? Okay, shoot. Okay. Oh this new commercial. I didn't get it. No, they said that you weren't believable as a human being what else the Off-Broadway play people said that you were pretty but dumb. I'm sorry, that's pretty dumb really. Look. I really appreciate this pheebs. But I think I'm going to have to go back to Estelle. Oh, yeah. Well, don't get me wrong. You're a better agent than she is. But at least with her, I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out. And now I understand you do. Yeah. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did you just make all that stuff up to get out of being my agent boycott me am so busted. That's so what I suspected to that, you know through the bag of barley at her and ran out of the store my God Chandler. We said be a Not a doof actually ruinous, haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right? Know what everything's going to be. Okay. Hello. Hi, Janice, can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay. What do I do? If we ever did what you did a man would never call? Hello, Bobby. Yes and grumpy. What do you stop naming torps? Hello Janice. Hi. I'm so glad that you called. I know I've been acting really weird lately and it's just because I'm crazy about you and I just got stupid and scared and stupid a couple more times. Sorry. Really? Really? He's so lucky if Janice were guy she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now. I love you too. So unfair GI Joe GI Joe and what to tell you guys. That's the doll he chose to dip it in sugar. GI Joes in Barbie's out and if you guys can't deal with it, that's just your too bad. Why are you being such a weenie for is a Barbie big deal used to dress up like a woman? What a dress up in moms clothes all the time. What are you talking about? The big hat the pearls the little pink hair? Handbag. Okay, you are totally making this up. How can you not remember you made us call you be o God literally never been this. Happy little song. No, please God let there be a song a song I am be okay. All right. He won't you won't you? Well you dance around with me. Drinking won't you dance around with?