Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with sapphire to see the different. Is in perks such as a tarot reading from me. I've read countless stories and spoken with a lot of people about the supernatural experiences. They've had and just when I think I've heard it all I am always pleasantly thrilled when a story comes along that surprises me. It reminds me that I am still capable of getting the chills. That's what today's episode is about people who have witnessed something that is difficult to categorize unexplainable things that you may or may not have heard of that are Sibley not of our world first, I welcome back Derrick Hayes host and creator of the Monsters Among Us podcast as he describes a Cryptid he witnessed as a child that set him on his paranormal Journey. Then I chat with Susan Slaughter Paranormal Investigator as she describes her nocturnal visit from a hag and finally I speak with Mark Allen Miller former vice president of seraphim Clive Barker's Ian company, I've been collecting ghost stories for years and marks is truly one of my favorites. You definitely don't want to miss it chapter one. Alien. Big cat when Derek was around 10 years old. He is eight-year-old brother and a friend were exploring his dad's property in Southeast, Ohio. So this was our very first time actually so we packed a lunch and everything and we went to this Flat Rock that we found we had our lunch. It out were hanging out real proud of ourselves and suddenly on the hillside across from us. We hear some twig snaps and brush popping. So we kind of just look up thinking, you know, there's an animal like we don't know what's down. There were kids were dumb and next thing we know there's this black cat and when I say black hat, this is a panther this is a big cat this thing could eat us and it's bolting it's running from the right to our left headed towards this. Cheering well in our bright Minds with a well we can just run over there and cut it off in the clearing get a really good view of this thing. But by the time we get there, which is 20 feet or so. It's already gone. This thing has made tracks and it's disappeared. So we all kind of talked about and we compared notes when we saw this we saw that we saw this and everybody seemed to agree on what we saw and then we go home that night and I couldn't wait to tell my dad what we saw growing up animals were always a big thing for me. So so I told him I see you know, we saw this huge black cat. And without missing a beat, he looked me dead in the eye and he says I saw that thing last week and even at 10 years old the thought in my head was why are you allowing us to run around down in the woods knowing that this thing's out here and you know, that was the day that Cryptids were pretty much introduced to me. I'd heard a Bigfoot, but I really wasn't that interested at the time and was also the day that I began questioning. My dad's parenting skills. So what's so special about this big black cat? It was probably just a mountain lion or some other Wildcat native to the area. Right? Well at the time we all thought it was a big cat and we didn't really understand why a big cat would be there. You know, that's not something that lives in Ohio at least not something that lives in Ohio now to me, I know what it is or at least I believe I know what it is. There's a Cryptid known as the alien big cat or as I like to call him the alien black cats know essentially these are large. Felines for lack of a better term usually typically black not always sometimes a dark brown but they're found in places like New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio the Virginia's Kentucky. There's a lot of recent killings in Kentucky that people are actually pending on this creature. But essentially it's just a large black panther and there's just no reason for these things to be living anywhere near these states as it turns out mountain lions. They did live in Ohio up until the late 1700s, I believe. They were hunted out obviously and so they could obviously go back that way. They could you know, people find them in where was Chicago one was shot down that long ago. They actually shot a mountain lion in the city limits of Chicago that wandered in from somewhere Western, but the point is that mountain lions actually cannot be early scientists believe they cannot be melanistic or all black which is the opposite of albinism. So even if what we saw was a mountain lion, there's no way at least according to science that Could be the black creature that we saw so that makes me think jaguar or leopard or something. We've maybe not even discovered or who knows who knows what it was sightings of the alien big cat also referred to as Phantom. Panthers have been reported all over the world and while simply seeing one doesn't cause any damage like in the case of Derek and his brother there have been cases where these beings have proven themselves to Deadly, there's of course the vampire beat me see if I can say this correctly the Vampire Beast of blatant burrow, which is a town in North Carolina and I am going to get the date wrong on this one seems like 1973 or something, but there was like a couple of weeks where this feline creature was killing dogs and livestock all over the country side of the blade and burrow area. There's that and there's a couple cases like I said a few minutes ago in Kentucky of some livestock some miniature. Using that kind of thing that have been killed over the past year that people are kind of pending on these things. But outside of that. I don't know a lot of violent stories from them the same can't be said for the UK. They have very similar Legends over there and there seemed to be a lot more violent. They're taking down sheep and stuff like that on the regular. You see it on the news they're so if they have the same creature, then there's as much more ornery than ours. I suppose Cryptids or creatures that have not been scientifically proven to exist are a fascinating topic. I'm sure you've heard of Bigfoot the Loch Ness monster Moth Man. They're the kinds of stories that no matter how many people report sightings or how many people capture video or photos no amount of evidence will be enough to prove that they exist but a lot of animals that we accepted a were once thought to be hoaxes as well like the Platypus or even the Lat so who's to say that we won't one day start referring to the alien big cat as a legitimate species scientists are discovering new species every single year 65% of this Earth is still unexplored. So to say that we've seen it all and know everything is just wrong. And personally I want to know what else were wrong about if you're hungry for more Cryptid encounter. Has make sure you check out Derek's podcast Monsters Among Us where you can call in your own unexplainable experiences chapter to the hag. My name is Susan Slaughter. I'm a Paranormal Investigator. You may have seen Susan on Ghost Hunters International Ghost Hunters Academy or paranormal caught on camera along with me and Derek when I first met Susan I was so excited to To care about all the investigations she'd been on and the outrageous things she experienced and at the time I remember being surprised that her scariest encounter actually didn't happen on an investigation but in her bedroom, there were no cameras. No recording devices just Susan and a horrifying visitor. I'd recently started like a year and a half ago practicing Transcendental Meditation. I've Been trying to play with the whole idea of can I get an advance enough in meditation to eventually astral project? The things that I was seeing in my room like these shadow blobs and stuff like that and shadow people like they could possibly be astral projections from others. That's a theory I have but I'm trying to get into meditating and to learn how to like Ashley project or maybe at least like brought in my energy awareness things like that. And as soon as I started getting really good at it, I remember meditating and then I actually fell asleep right after a meditation and something I don't do anymore because of this experience that I had I laid down in bed just for my nan Mantra just sit there and be moments that you're supposed to have when you're coming out of a meditation and I dozed off to sleep in that moment like in that time frame and I woke up. To this feeling of pure Terror. I don't understand it was just like deep in my chest and I just sit upright in bed is like I knew exactly where I needed to look in my room where it was standing even though when I woke up my back was facing this thing. Like I wouldn't have known it was in the room. I just felt it it like just waking up in sheer Terror and knowing exactly where this thing was in. your room is like my body instantly felt it as it appeared and I sit up and I stare right into the corner of the of the room by my closet right by that area actually have an altar with mirrors that I use for my magic's and so I feel like that's exactly why it showed up like literally right in front of that altar space and it was something that I never looked into until after I had this experience, but it was this what people can see This hag and she was super tall like she was crouched to fit between the ground and the ceiling in my room like crouched over and her hair was long and white and her hair was floating upwards almost like if somebody was diving into a pool, you know what I mean? Like how your hair would go up and she had the most incredibly long hands and fingers and her face super elongated. Features very long nose, very long chin. I want to say look like a traditional which you know, the one you would see on like Halloween posters and stuff, but it was more like hannya mask a hannya mask is a popular Japanese symbol. They were used in traditional Japanese theater and depicted a woman who was so overcome with jealousy and anger that she turns into a demon and I just stared at her and I Froze like I couldn't move like it forced me the time to really look at her the thing I wanted to point out was that she instilled this fear reaction in me. Like I had no control over it. Like if I I've come across as like this investigations like when I see an anomaly forming or happening. I don't get that sense of fear, you know, I've been able to observe and document phenomena and be more fascinating. Dated and just like excited by it when I came across this. It was something that she was able to manipulate within me. Like I had no control over. So I think I might have forgotten that. I'm maybe I'm that type of individual when I was younger when I was more sensitive when I was a child or an adolescent I used to see things a lot more and now that as a Paranormal Investigator, I'm always kind of forced to be the critical eye, too. You like the science-minded one, even though I have my own spiritual beliefs. I still have to be very analytical. I guess the point I was making is that as I started meditating and changing my mind back reverting back to being a more sensitive person and being more aware person your energy output. When you start doing things like that can attract a lot of psychic attacks of energies that would feed off of that light or vibration and They can feel you because that's kind of within their realm of possibility and whatever Dimension they live in you know, so maybe when I was meditating I put this big Beacon output and it attracted this type of entity once I really started honing in on her and like observing her when she felt observed is when she started to dissipate that was kind of I noticed the more that I was like, oh I see. Now I see you now. I had this mentality like I'm looking at you. I'm looking at you because that fear eventually turned into like what the hell am I looking at? And then my analytical mind comes in notice everything notice everything notice every little aspect about this being like when are you going to see this again? Like when is this ever happened to you before the whole reason why that happened? I don't think it was a message. She was trying to convey was something I had to learn when you start raising your vibration and you start working on metaphysical level like in a spiritual level with energy within yourself. It will attract great things. It could attract wonderful higher vibrational things to your world and like you can manifest whatever your heart desires through that or it could also attract like psychic parasites and things like that that want to feed off of that in order for her to feed off me or that energy. She had to get me out of vulnerable state and she had it in still. I keep saying she because she came off as feminine but it was literally like there was a vibe off of her of like the worst aspect of feminine energy. I don't know if that would make any sense like the most off-putting the ante goddess type Vibe. That's the best way I could put it it threw me down a rabbit hole after I saw this I knew distinctly like like what her face reminded me of and I started looking up Jack. Japanese or Chinese or any like type of like East Asian demon entity or dark force? And the only thing that came up was like the hag like I've investigated hag cases before in other countries like Trinidad, you know and even like places in Ireland. So like this type of energy is perceived worldwide and their own cultures, you know, but this was something like I said, I Known before prior seeing the hag like is this just some embodiment of her like maybe she's leading me down a rabbit hole on purpose. She's wearing a mask. Is that really her face, you know. This is an experience. That would not have been possible to capture on film and probably isn't flashy enough for a TV show but these are the types of stories. I find myself becoming more drawn to lately. I've been obsessed with the Paranormal my entire life, but it's only in the last couple of years that it's been my career and I am constantly being reminded of just how little I know and how much more there is to discover about our universe. The Paranormal is not always as dramatic as it is on TV and the internet I think the biggest problem with the way that people perceive the Paranormal specially when it comes to Lake and hurt a man on television. All of that is that people see these massive types of haunts, you know, like crazy Poltergeist phenomena, like doors swinging open and like full-bodied apparitions and and as technology Progresses I find that it's getting easier and easier to fake things that you see especially on YouTube. You you look up like real haunting super scary like all this stuff that's on YouTube and it's totally fake and then I'd literally sift through this and it was so disheartening to just see like the piles and piles and piles of fake things out there like Miss informing the public on what phenomena truly is. I don't want to knock the Paranormal series that we have on television today. And you know, we're I'm on one you're on one, you know, there are other people out there that had experiences like me that have abilities and or sensitive to this type of stuff you watch a show like this and you see this Apparition that relates to something that maybe you have encountered that's going to inspire that individual to become a more spiritual person. To become a more aware person and to maybe hopefully, you know do their own research and then you have other people that go into energy Sciences other people like go into investigating the Paranormal people that go into Theology and things like that that try to educate other people. Although it takes doors in a kitchen slamming and opening shut and like utensils flying everywhere and like I don't know Slenderman or whatever that it's out there if that inspires you to like think deeper than what people are telling you think then I think that that's a good thing. If you want to see Susan sketch of the hag visit this episode's page on stories with sapphire.com. I remember drawing her right away because I never wanted to forget her like is that's another thing. It's like I'll never forget her like she has Stained my Consciousness a little bit. Chapter 3 The Man With features crawling on his face. I am Mark Alan Miller and I'm from Whittier, California Marquis to work for famed horror writer and artist Clive Barker. So this is maybe 10 11 years ago then and I was new to the company. I had just started working for Clive Clive operated out of his sprawling mansion. In Los Angeles a home that was inspiration to numerous books and paintings. He lives in this enormous three-story 3 Wing mansion in Beverly Hills. That was one of the first houses built on the hill all these insane things happened there when it was first built. He wrote a book about it called cold heart Canyon and it was the book was based on his experiences living in this house, which he felt was very charge. Aged with all manner of inexplicable activity Mark was alone in the Mansion while Clive was in Europe on a book tour. He was in the writing room and enormous Den with a large table the size of a yacht Clive wanted this table to be sanded and refurbished to remove years of wear and tear. So I oversaw, you know, the painters coming in. I made sure everything was okay that the dogs were put away at night all this stuff and I just I was you know alone In this gigantic quote-unquote haunted house, you know for three weeks. I'm sitting at my desk one afternoon and answering emails answering phone calls and the like when the painter tells me he's done. He wants me to take a look at the table to make sure everything is to the specifications I go next door. I see the table and there and everything's been the entire room is covered with plastic tarps. Because he's been sandblasting this table and there's sawdust everywhere. The entire room is covered in sawdust the floor the lamps the dressers. I mean literally wall-to-wall sawdust because of this gigantic table and I'm crossing the I'm crossing the room, you know, and it's, you know, almost a football field long. I'm crossing this room. It's this Game of Thrones style table, you know, and and and behind me I could see I'm Giving you no footprints in the sawdust and stuff like that. I go look at the table and it is it looks fantastic and it's midday. So, you know, there are no lamps on but the the why it's an old house of the wirings a little funky which is you know, always the go-to excuse and he has in his room throughout because it's such a large room various stations of touch lamps so that at any moment no matter where you are. You can just Reach Out touch a up and turn a light on. And in my periphery one of the touch lamps goes on and I you know, I think okay. Well that's funny faulty wiring maybe because I walked in I jostle the cord. I look over as I mentioned before the entire room completely covered in sawdust except for to fingerprint depressions in the touch lamp base. And this is the other you know, this is the opposite end of the room. This isn't there was no there were no Footprints like you couldn't Not possible that there would be two fingerprint depressions in this in the base of this lamp without a trail leading away from that lamp. That is the perfect question for Story. Number four. There was a friend of mine who came to work for the company who lived in the UK and his first night he moved from the UK to come work with me at the company and his first night here. He spent the night at the office and there someone someone lived on the grounds. That is a is a very tall slender. Bald man. No, not that Slender Man. So it's this very easily identifiable figure, you know, if you see him walking around you can't miss him and my friend is in the room. He there is no bedroom here. So he's sleeping in on the couch in this room where and Clive has a lot of paintings. And so he had just finished a Gallery exhibition and a bunch of his paintings had been packed into boxes shipped back and we had just received. Then we hadn't had time to take them out of the boxes yet. They're all sealed up and they're piled high in this room in shipping crates and my friend chooses this room to bed down for the night. He sleeps on the couch. I say good night. I go home. He texts me in the middle of the night saying that he just heard someone come over and he thought it was the gentleman I was describing the tall slender bald, man. Here's the door. Open there's a there's a click. It's a very audible a lot of things happen when someone enters this office. It's a very identifiable process. There's this lab click there's a bing bong which is the alarm system and you hear the door slams. Shut its gigantic one ton oak door and he hears all the signs and someone has entered the office and has walked down the hall and is now standing at the frame of the door way to the room that my friend is Now sleeping he opens his eyes. He looks up at the doorway and it's night time. So he sees illuminated By Moonlight the figure of the bald slender tall man standing there and he so figuring he knows who it is. He says what's going on? Can I help you? What do you need silence? So my friend hits the light switch nearby him and illuminates the face of a I guess I use the term face Loosely because it is a blank slate with features crawling around his face. So the eyes and mouth and nose are walking around this Blank Slate of a face and when he stands up to scream to shout whatever it is, you know, he was going to do in the moment. The figure is gone. And that's the point where he starts texting me and and you know, obviously losing his mind. He's freaking out he's not not having a good time and as he's describing the thing to me my jaw drops and I text him back. I say do me a favor go into the sealed boxes and take out the paintings. Because lo and behold what he described to the letter was one of the sealed paintings in that room. Mark pulled out a photo of the painting for me. That's the painting I cannot imagine what it must have felt like to see that in real life. What do you even do after seeing a monstrosity like that? Then he just wait. He said he just worked I got to work the next morning and he just never went back to bed. He went to a different room and he just worked on his computer the rest of the night. Until we came in the next morning whatever. This thing was Clive had seen it in his home before. He's the first person to say that when he was painting all of his paintings. He was he had the feeling that something had sort of grabbed him by the back of the neck and was making him paint these things the something about the house was charged is always the best way I can explain it. There was an energy there unlike anything I've ever experienced in my life. I love stories that up and everything. I think I know about reality. I have never heard of a creature like this in my life, but I am now 100% convinced that it is real and I never want to see it and if a creature like this exists what the hell else is out there if you want to see this painting visit the page for this episode on stories with sapphire.com. Also, make sure to check out Marx company and cycle apocalypse. Anyone likes audiobooks. I'm assuming you do if you're listening to this podcast encyclopedia lips.com impossible to say even harder to spell but we got all kinds of awesome, you know, vintage horror novels and nonfiction tomes about the history of horror franchises and all kinds of fun stuff that I think if people are listening to this show, I think they'll dig it. Thanks for listening. Don't forget to subscribe on Apple podcasts and leave a rating and review to help boost the show's visibility and head to patreon.com stories with sapphire to see the perks. You'll receive by supporting the show. What are your thoughts on the different entities in this episode? Let me know at stories with sapphire at gmail.com, Salama and good night. Stories with sapphire is created and produced by me Sapphire. Cindello special thanks to all of my guests Eric Hayes Susan Slaughter and Mark Allen Miller music written by Sapphire syndulla for more information on this episode and my guests visit stories with sapphire.com.