welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow at your own risk. I'm the worst. This week we will have a state of the game recap Warlords of New York expansion discussion and review too long didn't read just get it's worth every penny some Community topics listener questions and the content updates. Thank you to our patreon supporters for this month Hassan the Christian Darren Justin Tim Peake a DJ Jimmy Benny, Tony and our newest member Dale. Thank you all for your support. You are what helps me convince be diesel to continue to let me do these things that take up way more time than you would imagine. If you would like to support this podcast and my other content, please check out patreon.com slash the echo cast Okay, so content updates. I really don't have anything nothing going on right now. I'm trying to stream to three times a week. I'm going to try to put out like a Warlords of Of New York Review, I want to dig into it a little bit more mean. Let's be honest. I don't need to be the first one to do a review because if I get a hundred views, I'm going to be happy. So I would rather dig into it see how I feel as I dig into title update in the other updates and as they kind of maybe bring out some updates and fixes to bugs. So the next week or two, I'll probably do that. And that's it. So state of the game recap. This was a fairly short one review wise. We had Hamish Yannick and Drew talking about the release of Warlords and mostly going over bugs and feedback and kind of addressing some things that the community is bringing up. They know that bunch of bugs are being fixed or have already been fixed. They did address the PVE balancing that basically they're going to keep an eye on on it for a later but they feel like there's people who think their builds are better than they are and maybe don't realize that you legitimately need to have like really good gear to do even challenging content and heroic and legendary and you basically need to have God rolls all around. I think they recognize that but when Title Update 7 and before you could almost throw any build together and it would be just fine and you could steamroll most content and it's that's not that's not what they wanted. And that's not what we have anymore. They did talk about PVP time to kill being extremely extremely fast. That's not intended. They do intend for the Time to Kill. To be pretty quick, especially when people have builds that should make time to kill very quick but I think they even seem kind of unhappy with how like insanely fast it is and then they detailed a little bit information. I think we had pretty much already gotten but they talked about the season that's going to start next week in The Manhunt that's going to come along with it. So we will be going into spoilers during this podcast if you haven't aunt If you haven't played through the end of the war Lords season or a the story, I think I would just suggest turning off the podcast now, so I'll give you like 5 Seconds 5 4 3 2 1. Okay, so at the end of warlord or at the end of the expansion story Keener dies, and we fin he activates a robe in network. work as he dies, which we find out essentially makes the Rogues into a faction and it turns them into another, you know, an organized group of enemies that we're going to have to worry about moving forward and they were in and so the next Manhunt has the new leader of the Rogue faction as the main person we're gonna kill and then four of their lieutenants that we're going to hunt and Believe that they're going to attack DC. So I think that this next Manhunt is actually on take place and back in Washington. So if I remember correctly, I need to re-watch the end. So long story short, they talked about that they talked about how every three weeks a new Target is going to be revealed. So the first four targets revealed will be the lieutenant and then the final one will be the leader of the Rogue faction I suspect. T' that that's going to impact things. We'll talk more about that in a moment and they did mention that the EMP sticky will be a reward. So I don't know if that's going to be MP sticky is for the first lieutenant. That's that's where we're going to get it or if it's going to be for the main lady the main Manhunt Target that comes at the end. So on my thoughts on it, I think the PVE balance thing. I think they have a good point. I suspected they may Down the difficulty just a little bit because it does I mean there's people who have I trust they know what they're doing. And I trust they have fully maxed out builds who still say it's a little bit much to the point where the biggest annoyances that they just run out of ammo there. The the enemies are so bulletspongy that they that they're running out of ammo. So, you know that that probably needs to be addressed from a PVP standpoint funny. Thing is that I haven't jumped into PVP at because my builds are not ready, but I will be totally honest the the videos. I've seen the time to kills a bit quick. But if they just balance it just a hair and make it because you need to in a PVP game. You have to be given a chance to react obviously. There's some games like, you know, like escape from tarkov and stuff worth where one shot hit shot is is fine. And that's the way the game goes. That's great. But what? I would say is it's way more especially a game like this. You know, it's the Call of Duty his kind of perfected it where there are One-Shot headshots and Call of Duty, but the time to kill and Call of Duty has always been tuned. So well that you can get hit once or twice and in theory, you always have enough time to like catch cover real quick whip around and fire back most of the time you feel like you had a chance to still win that fight and I think that's It's a balance. They need to find with them with division PVP that's always been difficult. Now that said they're pretty adamant that they don't want it to return to the way it was before which is good because people were running these like hilariously tanky builds. I mean, it just turned into division one again or people had so much armor. It was just you know, I know a lot of people think that the the the timing of medkits was such a big deal back in the day. I guess I'll know I still don't I still think it was just a really cheesy form of PVP. So they seem that they don't want to go back to that but they do want to maybe give people a little bit more time to react because I saw some videos of people mountain people like literally before they could even like raised a gun in a game like this, you know, we're not looking for like a realistic time to kill in this game. When it comes to the Manhunt thing, I'm excited for the new season soft because what I've noticed with the shade leveling system and this is kind of getting into the warlord's Impressions, but the shade leveling system when you kill Keener, you take his watch and the shade Network hacks the watch and you start to wear it. So to me, it's like kind of creepy that we were wearing keener's watch but whatever. And it actually has seems like the Rogue faction has their own Isaac which is called Anna. I'm kind of curious to find out what it stands for. But what's interesting is that his watch can tap into the road networks Communications. So you get all your normal Isaac stuff like we always have but what I've noticed, is that as your leveling The shade levels it's unlocking story content. And so the first few levels you're getting this the bit of information about these Rogues coming in like, you know, they're making plans to attack. So you're getting a little bit of story content from the darn watch which is really cool and they've been pretty emphatic that the seasons are going to be Story. The seasons are replacing the episodes from your one. So it seems like out We're going to get new missions and stuff like that. I wouldn't be surprised if we do eventually. But it seems like through this watch in through these lieutenants and these manhunts is how we're going to get more story moving forward. So, okay. Well, let's just we'll just jump right into the warlord's so I'm going to talk about my impressions of the warlord's expansion. I'm not going to go super deep into it. I think next week. I'll maybe more like I'm kind of just going to get First Impressions now and then maybe next week. I'll break it down to like a typical review. So my general thoughts on it is I'm really impressed. I expected a lot because they talk to us update up a whole lot and honestly it blew my expectations away. I would argue pretty stubbornly that the story and Warlords is the is the best story that's ever been told with division as a franchise. I mean, it's just I know a lot of people really kind of seem to really be a big fan of the first game and I understand because there were some memorable characters who we do revisit here, but the way that they treat the story and me it really felt like this time do the cutscenes and good dialogue and just fun missions and things that seem cohesive that were happening. It felt like I was really being told a good story for the first time in this game, which was awesome. Okay, so obviously again there's lots of spoilers here. So I'm going to jump into the kind of the highlights and the things I kind of jumped out to me and like I said, I think next week I'm going to do more of a good Deep dive. I may just do the podcast about this about doing like a full review said it to a video I'll post on YouTube as well. So the Keener fight on Liberty Island was the fact that it was going to be on the Statue of Liberty Island Liberty Island was so cool. It was caught it was kind of hinted on the on the character screen. If you notice that when you select your character, if you scroll around in the background is the Statue of Liberty's head. So I think that was kind of a very in-your-face hint, but the fight was just so cool, you know when it when the so if you don't if you're listening to this and you're accepting the spoilers, what happens is when you kill the final Lieutenant to find out where key Is you find out he's on Liberty Island? So you need to steal a ferry to get over there? And what you find out is that Black Tusk have arrived in New York City at the end of this D and you know at the same time and they're also trying to get over there trying to take over the ferry and you fight them off you get over there you fight Black Tusk and their new more hounds and their lmb recruits. And then there's a moment where you see this big quadcopter or something drop off a freaking the The Raid boss. Of course, I can't remember it now that I'm on the podcast but and so you have to fight the damn raid boss and it's obviously it's not as difficult as if I as the raid because you know in theory this needs to be beatable by one person and and then you fight the last Marauder drone that the Black Tusk have and has taken over by Keener and then you go into like the Statue of Liberty like the base of it. And there's this there's this sequence where you go into a room and Keener hacks your Isaac and starts posting these messages like, you know, the division is alive. The division is corrupt you're going to die like and showing all these crazy visual effects to screw you up while he deploys a bunch of shade Tech that's been hacked to attack you. It's just so badass and I'm pretty sure that the area that you go into was a safe house. House for division I need to do that mission again and pay closer attention, but I'm pretty sure there's markings on the Statue of Liberty that suggests that the basement of the lip Statue of Liberty is a safe house. And then you go out and you face Keener and then it was a hell of a fight. It made me realize that the only time you had fought like a rogue was in division one. You had the lmb Rogues, of course an AI Rogue, but you also fought The the dude in the in the subway if anyone remembers this cheesy videos, they put out that video series. There's a quite a few of them Asher. So what happened was when the 1.4 update happened is screwed up their release schedule. So they delayed the Asher fight, even though it's supposed to happen. Like right when the game came out. So I want to say it was like a year and a half later that you get a notification to go to the subway and you fight this rogue agent. It was a I mean to be fair you by that point we were so overpowered that we just obliterated them but he had hunts Rai so he was really fun. And that's why it reminds me of this fight with Keener. I won't go into it. You need to go do it yourself, but it was awesome. So after that again wearing super spoiler territory, you find out that fail ow has betrayed the vision. She hasn't necessarily gone Rogue, but she has joined forces with Black Tusk. So for me, this was almost like kind of sort of spoiled because when I was doing the 31 to 40 run I could covid piece of Intel and listen to it. And so it seems like I haven't gotten all the Intel yet. But I guess after the events of the first game. There must have been a big base in Hell's Kitchen out and I shouldn't have been the safe house. I assume it sounds like they built a settlement in Hell's Kitchen and it got attacked by Rikers and everyone like most people died. It hurt the city a lot. And one of the people who died was fail off sister, who if you remember the side missions from the first game. She's the one that you had the search for and you found playing a piano near the Hudson river which is still in my favorite moment in the game is just the music you're so pretty and then after you get her she actually shows up in the base of operations and the first game playing music there and it's just a cool moment. So apparently she died in this attack by the Rikers and there's a series of Intel recordings that you get and the warlord's New York City expansion where she is talking to an agent who they've captured who went rogue and long story short. There's there's one of these in tell where your face says that I will work with anyone I have to to make this right or to get back at you know to get revenge and when it went as soon as I heard that I was like, oh she's gonna she's either going to join Keener. I doubt that. She really hates them where she's going to go to the Black Tusk because if you don't remember from the comics, I think the book there's indication of other Rogue agents, you know, or other agents went to the Black Tusk to assist them and didn't necessarily go Rogue exactly, but but essentially did Sophia's betrayal, you know It was so funny how like this game story has been so like kind of weak that I didn't think it was, you know, I didn't think that would bother me so much, but she's like one of the few characters who we really felt somewhat attached to she guided our agent all through the first game, you know, we weird most of us Angkor happy to see her after we reactivated the shade Network at the beginning of division to you know, when I first came out you saw her fighting with her eye patch. It was so exciting and then she you see her in this expansion. She looks badass. She's kicking ass. You know, she even guides you through some of the missions I think and then the see that betrayal it was really weird. And it's one of those things that this game is always done well and making like the bad guys like reasonable. So, I mean, it's understandable why she joins them, right? So after the expansion story is over. So now we have fait with the Black Tusk. So the Black Tusk seems as powerful as ever. They do have to pull back because Keener kind of steals all their goods, but you know, it's they're not going anywhere. They've taken over the whole East Coast. We have a new rogue faction. And now we have a Riker and cleaner factions without leaders inside note. There's some recordings that really make it sound like Joe Pharaoh still alive. So I don't if someone's seen this let me know in the Discord. I'm actually have a Discord room that's set to not safe for work. So it doesn't send notifications without permission. That's a spoiler. Room and so go ahead and chat about it in there. So I don't know if someone's found out more than I have so far, but it sounded to me like Joe Farrah still alive, which is interesting. And so now we have a bunch of these fractions with no leader and then we have an organized Rogue faction and we have a the Black Tusk with a very knowledgeable person who's not working with them. I will say before I get into To some of that is the force of work that the for lieutenant fights Xavier drag all of I can't remember the other to the Xavier one was my favorite again spoilers, but you fight him by going down into the tunnels and fighting cleaners. And it gets to the point where the cleaners were trying to make new tunnels under the city using one of those giant Subway tunnel boring machines and you fight through a whole tunnel boring machine which like is like a moving City basically and it was so freaking cool. It was such a cool Mission and then the actual fight with him was he was hard even on the story level these missions. This was like a difficult thing. And but yeah, the Xavier one was my favorite Theo was neat because of the deception and I felt like drag off and on the the the the female agent. She was Victoria or something. I can't I felt like those were kind of standard division boss fights would drag off and her but there was still fun. It was still good stuff. Okay. So after you finish the whole story you hit Level 40 and that's been kind. topic so the new lutein gear system is you know, I'm adjusting and getting used to it. I think it's it's a very different I think once I'm in it for a while it'll feel kind of second nature, but it's even very different from the first game. So it's it's essentially like they've introduced a third brand new gear system, but I do think in the long run. It's going to be a good thing even though they may need to kind of balance some stuff out. We do have hunters so far as far as I know only two of the hunt. Have been found. It's kind of a puzzle. You have to figure out sort of and you. You go through and unlock some stuff and you can look it up if you want to find it. I don't really want to to drop it here but you fight to at the same time. And so there should be six more. Well, I will say is I really hope that there's still a way to fight them other than the setup ones. because there's there's a It's fun to find these ones are set up and that's cool. But I also would like to just be able to fight them randomly like at night like if you like instead of these stalking Hunters, I'd really like if they just attacked you. There's drop some decent Loop make him tough to fight. Now. What I will move on and say is with the ending of the expansion story with the new rogue faction is seems that now I've run them. I've seen reports by people saying that they were running like level four control points and instead of an in the middle of it for rogue agents show up and just start kicking ass on their level 40 and they're super tanky that they're hard to fight and they have all the shade gear. Right? So what I found out is I so I assumed that when they when they were talking about the quote unquote. Not Hunters during state of the game the last few weeks. I figured that was it like, oh maybe during like heroic missions control Point fours, you know, that's when they'll attack you so myself I discovered that you just in the open world. I was running and I saw a couple dudes and they looked like ambushers. I was like, well, that's that's where there's only two of them and I aimed at them and the Rogue symbols popped up and I was like, holy crap they do they can just show up. so I guess if we don't get the hunters, this is a good replacement because they're as a solo I fought two of them and it wasn't like impossible and I'm playing on the normal settings. I haven't raised the the universe like the world difficulty yet, but they were hard. I mean there were multiple times where I could have died for sure in the fight just with those two took a while and then in especially because you know other factions can still get involved and so we had to deal with some cleaners and the so just be ready for that. Now there is some weird stuff kind of along that line. There are the so I don't I have not seen the underground faction in New York. I'm pretty sure those are only in DC still but the ambusher faction which you see occasionally and DC I feel like the ambushers are as common as cleaners or Rikers. Honestly, they might be more. Takagi, I might see them more the the ambushers. So if you remember the ambushers back in DC Arc, we catch them cooperating with the true Sons. So I don't know if they're supposed to be like collaborators or a like an offset group of the true Sons or if they're just working together. There's no indication that they're working with anyone in DC. I've seen them attacking both the Rikers and the cleaners. And then there was a really weird decision made that another the so there's a there's another faction. So there's the Rikers the cleaners the Rogue agents the ambushers and then there's the Raider faction and I saw some people throwing some shade about it. So this rate their faction are just dudes with head covers and no armor and some basic ask guns who died in like three shots. It's the same enemies from the intro Mission if Remember those like generic enemies that you fought in the when you first start a new character. There's a people throwing shade that it was a lazy move to throw these guys in I don't necessarily think it was like a lazy move. Like the people were saying that they think they're supposed to replace the rioters. I guess maybe I just saw them as just some Cannon father they threw in especially for low level like level 31 the agents right? But but I just don't it is weird. It'd be nice if there was Some explanation for what they are now, I will say with a Trader faction. I found like some of them are just by themselves like Scavenging like going through like Loot and so I assume they're supposed to be like the the citizens who aren't part of a settlement in haven't, you know aren't part of New Haven and are just trying to survive their kind of the rioters, but I don't think the rioters are necessarily supposed to be represented because some of the think it's the Rikers have an SMG unit like a rusher unit that has dual machine guns who I think is supposed to be there. Was that Riker officer or Sergeant or something who would run around dual machine guns and I think that kind of the way that the Black Tusk have some of the lmb it seems like the Rikers have some of the the rioter factions. So yeah when it comes to the faction some of the new archetypes are really really cool the freaking Rider sniper. Or the rykor sniper drives me or is it the cleaners with everyone has a little circular Shield they are a pain and if you don't take care of them quickly they mess you up. So and they're in there hard to hit like I found I just started Trucking nades out of them because they were such a pain. So as you can tell I could probably ramble on forever about this. So I'll kind of short and go right to conclusions. Like I said next week. I think I'm going to do I'm going to make like like like a like a nice organized review sheet and just go through all the different parts of the game and give my opinions on them and kind of what I hope to see maybe in the future, but for now, I'll just kind of leave it with some of those first impressions, but in conclusion, I think this is like I said before I think this is the best content we've ever had in division. I really do if you're hesitant about the 30 bucks. I mean, I think it's worth II know I'm biased I I love this game this franchise, but I've never felt like money was better spent. I think the 30 bucks. I spent on Warlords. I feel better about spending that than the $60. I spend on the actual game. So take that for what you will. I do think this also Siemens division 2 is being the better game at this point. I understand we still don't have survival. We still don't, you know, we'll have one giant dark Zone because that's never going to happen. But it just from top to bottom. I just I don't think anyone can make a logical argument still the division one was better. But you know, that's just my opinion. I would still like to see more modes. I want to see more expansion the more stuff. I've already seen. Say like oh man, I wonder what city they're going to do next and I think what people need to realize is that this New York update. They've probably been working on this before division to even released. This this is probably been in the works for a very long time. Now, I will say that in the helicopter menu when you select the city like when you're in New York and you go back to DC is sure opens up the possibilities. As of other locations that you could other cities, but I will not assume that's coming anytime soon because it's just a lot of work. The only thing I can see is maybe like a year three, they could open up a new city. They talked about having Seattle and New Orleans instead of DC at one point. I personally still think that a Chicago map would be super cool. I'm just afraid that could end up being too similar. New York, but you know, we have to kind of see how that plays out but I think people need to wrestle with the possibility that that this expansion is the biggest drop we're going to get in division two I could be wrong maybe there's more coming. I have no idea but I think people need to wrestle with the idea that this may be the best content that we receive and that there may be some cool stuff coming but the but we won't be getting another city. And for that we won't be getting another giant, you know story, you know, like we did not to be a downer but just to be realistic but maybe for a year or three. I don't know if that is a thing. I would assume that working on it today. So we'll see. Why do you think is interesting? Is that the whole fail out Black Tusk thing what I don't think we're going to address that in division two, my guess is that That's going to be a setup for division three and that the thing is that we still don't know who the Black Tusk boss is. I don't think they were revealing Fay as their boss. I assume that she's just now a new sergeant or something eluding you Commander Colonel or something. So they're still you know, and there's still some thought that there's more going on there than we realize. The Manhunt faction, you know, that's seems like Keener talks a lot about how everything's bigger than him and all this and then in his dying moment. He activates this Rogue Network that is supposed to basically chain all of the Rogues together and turn them into one Cooperative Force. So I assume that's going to be a thing we're going to deal with for the rest of division to essentially but we'll have to wait and see I think that they've basically set up at least the next year or so of content. I suspect your to is going to be all about the seasons and hunting dangerous people, you know to DC and New York and I'm curious to 1 if there will be a year 3 and 2 though if it's going to be maybe like another big city expansion like this with a new story that maybe leads to a division three. I mean I've seen people question whether division 3 is a possibility. I mean division to last year was I think the seventh or eighth highest grossing? Game sold like up there with Madden and Call of Duty and FIFA. So I imagine this game has like a hundred million dollar budget ish. It's hard to kind of make those numbers with the live game because of the nature of them. But I mean there's a real possibility that this game, you know, tripled what it cost to make in one year and that's not even considering right now where they've been selling the game super cheap hoping that people by this. Mansion so there's a real possibility that division to Warlords of New York may end up being another big injection of cash to help support the game and maybe give them a reason to do a third one. But will you you don't need a reason to do is listen to this mid-roll? This episode of the echo cast is brought to you by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make your own podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from a phone or your computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you and it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and a whole bunch more places. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's got everything you need to make a podcast and one spot download the free anchor app or go to Anchor the FM to get started. Yeah, that was that was a rough one. Okay, the so some Community topics of the level for the difficulty has been a big topic. I've seen the reactions everywhere from it's way too hard. They need to tune it down. This isn't Fun all the way to it's like 1.3 division one. I have loved it. I fall somewhere in the middle. I mean, I appreciate the difficulty. I appreciate that. I mean If I get to the point where I max out the build where I have God rules on almost everything. I have all the gear I want I have the talent. I want on all my gear. I have no really good guns with great roles and I'm still struggling and like heroic and legendary content then maybe you know, I'll be more on the side of like make it easier. But for now, I feel like my gear is so rudimentary and I feel like I'm still doing okay. Against like Heavies and stuff like that that I don't I'm not necessarily calling for a big change yet. But you know, what what people need to realize is that, you know here over the next week or two or even the next month. They're going to be paying attention to numbers are going to be paying attention to how quickly people are beating missions, especially challenging heroic and legendary. They're going to see how often people are dying. There had to be seen how often people are like running out of ammo and things like that and if they you know, this that like, Oh man, CP for is are taking people an hour to beat like I don't think control point for S. Even you know, which are heroic level mean. They should be hard but you know, maybe they shouldn't take longer than 20 25 minutes. You know, I've seen people talking about like that. It's taking them like an hour to knock these control points out and that's maybe a bit much. It's just my opinion of course, but yeah, so yeah with a difficulty I get kind of both sides of it. I'm still kind of in the middle and I'm kind of curious to how they're going to handle that and the long run now I've seen people asking like is Warlords worth 30 bucks. Like I said before, I mean, I think so again definitely a bias Source here. So take that into account by again. This this 30 bucks I spent on this update is the best money I've spent on the division franchise. I would say like entirely So I would like to think that's a pretty rain endorsement and it's an acknowledgement that maybe you know previous money spent wasn't as advisable but you know this 30 boxes. That is the most satisfying I felt there were multiple times where I was speechless there multiple times where I had a big old goofy smile on my face. I'm not going to post the whole stream. I did a two hour stream and then a seven hour stream. Mmmmm, so that it took me about 10 hours to get through the story which I think is pretty solid considering how much more content opens up after the story stories. Just the beginning. Yeah. I think it's worth 30 bucks and I find it mean you just kind of have to hate this franchise if you don't think so his is where I kind of stand and if you do that's great. Don't pay the money, you know, it's not for you, but I think if you even generally enjoy this game, Even if you have grapes about it, I think that this 30 bucks is hard to it's hard to say no to if you want to wait it out a few months and see if they drop the price eventually that's fine in my chat. Someone asked if they if this is going to if it's going to be free maybe eventually but probably not and honestly probably shouldn't be I think this is one of those moments where it's a good time for people to show. Their appreciation support for the franchise and the game in the devs by dropping some cash because you know massive should be rewarded for what they did as well as the other Studios and it would be very good for Ubisoft to get that ringing endorsement to say. Yes. Yes, this this is the content we want and we want more of this please more of this. This was awesome. Just my opinion, of course. Okay, so we have one listener question this week from the Corpus. I noticed I think people were so busy playing the game this week that I didn't get a lot of one topics were hard to find from the community because it seems like everyone just excited and then listener questions. I think people are just their they're stuck so next week, I expect more questions from you. You know who you are, but the Corpus asked on this chord, would you be against the standards? Ization of gear stat role as a weapon damage. So if you guys let's say a striker chest you would know exactly what every Striker looks like so that whole idea they've kind of moved towards that so it seems like all of the chess pieces at level 40 have the same armor all the you know, every gun that's the same like type of gun. So like MK 16 every MK 16 you pick up has the same damage. All but depending on it attributes and talent it could be better or worse, right? So they've kind of moved that direction I think going all the way to every single piece has exactly the same would kind of kill some of the grind and the excitement of the grind I think for more casual people. It would be very welcome. But we kind of get to the point where you know, it would be in my opinion too easy to just get the best of everything. Now if it if it's about having all the gear would have the same stats, but but like RNG how good the stats are individually that's a little bit better because even now I still think that the attribute pool is still just a hair too big. There's a few attributes that I really just think that most 99% of players would be happy if they were just gone. So I don't know if I'd want to go that far on the other hand. I do think doing something like that is about the only way they'll ever find a way that were truly balanced PVP. But you know, I've said it before I'll say it again. I would love for PVP to be really fun in this game. I don't think it is now. I don't really think I think it's been fun in the past, but I don't think it's been good and it definitely hasn't been something. I think the game should try to base itself on so I think changing stuff that drastically just for people VP would be a mistake because I don't believe a PVP is what pushes these games by Destiny and Warframe and Anthem maybe if it fixes itself, I really think that it starts with a good incentivize loot game and good PVE and activities and things to do. And some nice PVP would be good. Also Allah Destiny to okay. Well, that's why I have this week. It's it's late. I was busy all day. So I'm not gonna drag on too much longer. If you can please take a moment to write the podcast on whatever platform you listen to it helps me get noticed if you want to support the podcast or my other content, please check out my patreon at patreon. Dot-com / the echo cast I am on diesel on Twitch twitch.tv slash of on diesel where I try the stream three-ish times a week. I am also on Twitter at Bond diesel look me up if you dare and last if you want some cool Echo cast or Bond diesel merch check out Bond diesel dot Live / merch that's all I have so until next time.