Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not prepared for and he overlooked how much or how far we've come from this the way we started it the way we started the year. We always look back and think the things and be like, wow, I've made it this I was able to get through this so growth is something we value and acknowledged in this podcast because you know growth is something that we need no matter how hard no matter how good It is growth is something that we experience in an everyday situation and lastly we'll talk about freedom freedom is something that we often take for granted not because it's bad but something that is always available for us. And sometimes we see this as it's just there, you know, we see this as something that's already given to us, but not all people especially the lgbtqia community get to live their freedom or their fears life and for yourself because being free means you To be yourself and a lot of people like me who had trouble growing up coming out of the closet and was experiencing such a heavy weight on me find it hard to find my North back when I was young. So this podcast is a place where I wish could help these youth to come out to become true or a lot of people other than the lgbtqia have secrets to keep and sometimes these secrets are better left up in the open. I know it's dark and hard but Being very authentic in your truest self is actually quite liberating. So I hope this podcast could help at least admit to yourself. The things that you are in the things that you will be and the things that you wish to be anyway, so let's get down to business and talk about thank you 19 and what went down in 2019. So for me 2019 was a hellish Year and I hope it wasn't for the most of us, but for me, it was such a turbulent period in my life where you had to ReDiscover myself relearn Explore especially myself my wants my needs my likes and how I deal with stuff while I also experience coming out of my shell being single after longest while and loving myself being a better friend to my friends and working on myself focusing on self development my physical health and a lot of stuff that goes on with growth development and whatever but yeah, the year was focused on hashtag selfie. Twelve and one thing I learned is that I was so full of love that. I was just putting it in one place. But this year showed me that my love was like everywhere, you know, my love for my job my love for my friends my family. My dog's my kids at work. This made me see that I was actually in a good place, you know, not just in a bad place where my heart was just broken and emotionally I had to go through that but this year showed me and taught me a lot. and I was so happy that 2019 ended in a such a good note and feeling good about myself because 2019 and I celebrated my small victories and triumphs and also wallowed in self-pity self-doubt and also the defeats that I experienced but one thing that I was proud of is that I was totally honest with myself with my friends and people around me about how I was going through stuff or how I was feeling about my breakup my my emotions everything that was going through my head. I was thinking out loud. I was going out there and my proudest moments of the year was I went out and wrote the poem about my broken heart in this and spit it out and an open mic event in ample are monologues and ended it with a good and happy poem saying that I am happy genuinely free from the Heartbreak, but still acknowledging what It is that I feel so it was a very great because I was very open that 2019 when that being said, I was just happy enough to be able to be vulnerable and more raw about on a lot of stuff and it got me through the healing process. It got me through a lot being myself developing myself love and avoiding self-pity and self-doubt. I was just happy that I had friends who were there to support me whenever I needed them. To be there and so for the next segment of this podcast, we will be talking about the goals that we want to set for 2020 how we should have smart goals and how we could stay on focus and stay on top of these goals and work on it as much as we can as much as possible. Be more aware of the things that goes around us. So goal setting one. No one coming up next. So one thing to think about setting goals is we have to know why it's important to set goals for the next year for the coming. Years and for all the things that will follow so goal setting is important because it will be your point of reference. It will be your North Star throughout the year. It is something that can help you track your progress track how far you've gone or how big and small your growth is, but nonetheless there will always be growth in there will always be progress as you go through the year, but this would be your point of reference if you're going the right direction, so Focusing on that goals are also important because you are able to set yourself up and focus on the things that Matt there and help you prioritize your things that you have to do when you go through your year. So what I did or how I set up my goals was I went to this coffee shop near our place a Starbucks and I sat down there and I discussed to myself what are the things that I have to finish but you already ties things that I have to do when I go back to work this January. So I prepared notes and to-do lists for the things that I have to finish when I go back and then I set up my own career goals and personal goals on two different papers because you know being a career person is also different from the personality. So if you go through and the personal goes if you want to achieve for yourself, so have these set of goals. If you want to achieve you can have one for your career one for your passion project and one for your personal goal, but if you want to have it all in one aspect or Grigory, it's up to you. But for me, it's better to separate it. So you can if you're able to track it the way you want that you can track your career lies. You can check your personal life and you can track your passion project. So, you know, those are the things that you want to keep track of and look where you going and how far you going. So setting these goals. You have to be smart. You have to be specific measurable attainable relevant and time-bound all this time. You've been hearing this you've been hearing this at school. Cool a job organizations or whatever but smart objectives and goals are quite helpful when you make one because you know, you don't want to set yourself up to fail. You want to set yourself up to achieve to gain. So you will look at yourself examine how you're faring right now and check with you want to improve, you know, make it appropriate for where you are because if you try to put goals that are way far beyond you and far beyond your Troll you might lose interest and motivation as you go through the here so you have to be specific. You have to put them down there what you want to be. What kind of teacher you want to be? How fit they want to be how awesome do you want to be? Like, for example, you can be like I want to be awesome. I want to be able to speak up in public very well like a host or you could put down in passion project. I want to be able to release a podcast every week. A week or every other week, you know that may seem easy but you know, it's harder to actually just put it down on the board and try to do it yourself. So you have to be specific measurable. You have to know how much you wanted how much you are willing to put out there. And you know, how much do you need to do to get through there and attainable again, you have to know if you can attend this within the year because if you can hear just setting yourself up to fail and that's bad because it will get you demotivated. Lee and your morale is going to go down down down down down the drain so another thing is that to stay on track and these goals I suggest that you practice meditation and self-awareness things, you know, for example, journaling journaling is something that you could look at doing because it's very helpful in a sense where you could actually read track your past progress log log down to things that you've been doing on that day and specially remembering how You felt that day. You'd be surprised at how far you've got so when you look at it, for example me at the end of this year. I was looking through my notes in my journal and or actually going through the whole 2019 and I was reviewing my journal and I saw how far I've come I saw how much pain I was in the start of the year and at the end of the year how much grateful or how grateful I was for being alive and being around great people. So tracking your progress in a sense. You write down what you do right. Now what you need to do in the past day. Not really what you need to do and the coming days or weeks. It's very healthy and important so grab a journal take notes of what you need to do. Be sure to prioritize them by your standards but your priorities because this is yours in this your journal and put down you can put down the things that made you happy that day in your small wins your small victories and your defeat If you have one and especially you can write down there on your journal what you want to work on what you need to work on specifically on that day on that week or work on yourself that you can work and finish within the next few months. You know, it's really great to see that. It's really great to have your moment to yourself and reflect on how far you've gone well and also you can't do this alone doing this alone makes it very difficult because you are accountable for what you do. I suggest that you find friends that help you stay on track friends that are family your Ohana your OG because these friends will help you become who you are who you meant to be. They will nudge you in the right direction. They will support you in everything that you want to go through and they will honestly be there for you when you need them. So don't do this alone via be an accountable buddy or find an accountable buddy for yourself because they will remind you of the things that you want to go through and you want to finish so by keep by doing this you are reminded of the things that you want to achieve for yourself this 2020 in the coming years. So keeping the flame up for that whole 2020 is gonna be a tough uphill battle, but I swear you have to just be aware of yourself surround yourself with people who actually care about what you do and how you grow and, you know be inspiring try It to inspire yourself in a lot of ways go out there be someone you want to be and don't be afraid of it because you know the potential is there and you if you want to grow you can grow the way you want to grow. So the world is our oyster to cap this off. I'm just glad that I was able to get through this first episode and I'm happy that you stayed with me through and through to thank you. But yeah to recap and rehash all of this love growth and freedom is going to be a podcast about anything and everything under the Sun. So anything about love anything about growth in anything about freedom and it would always focus on reflecting and how things can work out for you and I hope and pray that this podcast can help other people the way it could help me the way it wouldn't help me. So yeah, I'm happy that we're down to our first episode and And to all the people who had lived in to this. Thank you so much because you've given me a chance to voice out the things that I hold dear and important. So once again, thank you so much, and I hope you have a wonderful day or night ahead of you and I'll see you again soon signing out.