Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister.wisdom and what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here about how I ended up coming here today and on one level. Yeah, maybe it goes back 25 years, but most recently. I think I told you I agreed to have ran stegen be my coach for a talk. And the first night. I met him he sat down and he said I just came from this amazing conference. The keynote speaker was so inspiring. He's an ultra-marathoner. He's you know vegan it's a guy named Rich Roll and I was like what I was like right roles. Wait, seriously that drunk guy that used to date my sister. Stir can't be the same guy. So, where do you think you were that he heard you do you do? You know, I don't know. I mean I've spoken at a lot of conferences so I can't say which which which I mean, where does he live? Like, what do you know where he what conference he was that? Well, he's in Dallas, but this was about 18 months ago, but maybe maybe it's more of a question of when you are a keynote speaker. What kind of things do you talk about? What what do you think? Would have been inspired by my keynote is sort of constructed in the way of a very good a a pitch is constructed. Okay, which is what it was like what happened and what it's like now. So basically I tell my story and I use my story to try to empower and and motivate and inspire people and I go on tangents about sir. Certain aspects of my story that lend themselves towards a broader discussion about issues that I care about whether it's the environment or health diet and things of that nature but it's basically kind of you know, how I went from the guy that you used to know into, you know a person who you know in a very surreal way now finds himself up on stages telling stories to begin with which is all very strange. So when you said the drunk guy that used to date your sister, you know, some people make I think that that was a joke. But but that actually you did date my sister. That is how we know each other. Yeah, so and and I guess I was part of your life and in a in a way a long time ago and and I know your story from having, you know been part of it, but then not you know for a long time. So maybe maybe we do start talking about it from there. So so you were living in New York when when we knew each other and And you were going to be a lawyer. I was you were a lawyer. I don't know what what what was going on in my mind because I at that time I was working in a law firm as a paralegal. I worked at this big Wall Street law firm called Skadden Arps. It was It was kind of in the midst of the MMA Heyday and that was kind of like the place where all the deal flow was. So in one respect it was kind of exciting to be in the middle of all of that, but You know, I couldn't have been lower on the you know pecking order and there was a lot of yelling and a lot of you know, unable sort of inability to plan your life like working crazy hours for no money in a job that had no upward Mobility. Yeah, and and I saw enough to realize like this is not the career path for me, but for some reason I still ended up going to law school, but I loved my time living in New York. It was right after college. I'd never lived in a place that was so Cosmopolitan and dynamic and it opened up a whole world of creativity to me that kind of percolated in the back of my Consciousness for a long time and meeting your sister and spending time with her was a big part of that. Like I was introduced to you know, going and visiting film sets and going to theater and like she introduced me to Darren Aronofsky and like it was you know, it was a really cool fun period And she was like my Cipher into that. And I think that that you know, that's always that's always stayed with me and I have such great fondness for Laura and and that time and your family. I mean your Mom and Gary and everybody your brother were always like super kind and welcoming to me. So interesting, you know when I think about that time in New York to and and Laura she was an actress and then she shifted over to working in the film business, but you know, we joke about some of those It's like terrible plays that she was in that were in the mirror packing district and like site-specific plays were they would take over an abandoned building and I was like what is happening here? And you know for me that was I don't know if it was normal, but you know, I was already in the art world. And so there's a correlation between that kind of, you know, very Fringe Theatre and you know performance art but there were things that were really Unusual, even you know for my experiences and you know, she was just in it like full in, you know, running down streets and you know, and you had at that time like a very I think traditional conservative Stanford, you know athlete, you know, it was different. I was the product of a very traditional upbringing my parents, you know, we I grew up in an inside-the-beltway family. My dad was a government. I meant lawyer at the FTC and then he went into private practice and my mom was a teacher to learning disabled kids and we grew up middle class and then upper middle class and once he started making money and I went to a very Tony private school called the land and school for boys where you wear a coat and tie every day and your your classmates are you know, the the sons of senators and congressmen so it when you know, there's a lot of you know, La Crosse and you know, it was that kind of a thing, right? And and I was always a very kind of quiet shy unassuming insecure kind of kid. I wasn't, you know playing lacrosse and football and the like I was more likely to be found in the corner reading a book very much to myself and I struggled socially but I kind of found my groove in swimming which was the one physical discipline that I had like any kind of natural talent for and I put myself into that into that world and and realized like this is this is my way forward and my way out. I don't know what I felt like I needed to escape from but there was definitely a sense inside of me that I need to do something different and this is going to allow me to make have broader choices in my life. So by the time I was a senior in high school, I was one of the top swimmers on the Eastern Seaboard. I was getting recruited to all of these schools and I began to excel academically. I graduated top of my class and so I got into all the fancy schools ended up going to Stanford which Listen to being this, you know extraordinary academic institution also happen to have by far the best Collegiate swim team in the country at that point. So I had this opportunity to go train alongside Olympic gold medalist and world record holders and it was like a dream come true, but that's when I got introduced to alcohol and that quickly shifted my priorities and I wouldn't say that I was struck with alcoholism overnight. It's a very Progressive disease, but it started to kind of A road my ambitions and what I cared about to the point that you know, I really didn't swim fast over again. I didn't really care about my grades. I wasn't thinking about what I wanted to do with my life. And so when I graduated from college, I remember very distinctly thinking I'm going to go to New York City because I can drink there and I don't have to drive and I'm not going to get a DUI that was like a part of my mental calculus and sure enough. I arrived in New York City the job was just an excuse to be to be in this incredible. And I made you know as much of it as I could on the few dollars that I made and I had an incredible time socially like alcohol cured all of that insecurity in that that social anxiety that I had and I was making tons of friends and all over the city and all of that and I met your sister and like like we discussed like she opened up this crazy world to me and being this kind of waspy product of private education. She was somebody she was like nobody I've ever met before because she had this childlike quality like just so open and like fun and like adventurous and like let's go do this and I'm going to do this crazy play we're going to like there was nothing that was off the table and I just was so energized by having that like in my in my space. So amazing to hear that feedback about Laura and I think that's you know, very very accurate. But last night we were out to dinner with my daughter and and then afterwards, you know, I got this feedback that my daughters like a Mini-Me right? And I don't really see that. You know, I really see her as you know herself and of course, you know, she's my daughter and so I'm focused on you know, her needs and whatnot. And so it's not dissimilar from my sister and all of the nicknames that you know, I had four overtime, you know, she was little girl or mr. Hooper or you know, like these kind of silly things right where it's a great gift. I think to have someone who is inclined towards warmth towards, you know, my sister or my daughter or whatnot. Share that feedback of how someone seen right. I think that's a really gracious and generous way to be. Yeah. I remember you as being like you you like you share similarities. My recollection is you shared certain character aspects that that Laura has but but you had a very different like you were on you had a plan like your you went to Penn and you were going to be in the art world and like you are on a mission. That's that's Right and what's interesting is that my plan was super clear, right? Like I was going to work in a museum. I was going to get married obviously have a family and you know, I wasn't just going to work in a museum. I was going to be a museum director and in a very short time. I did all of those things right and credible which is incredible, which is incredible. And interestingly I didn't have any goals for a really long time because I had all these like super high difficult to achieve goals and I hit them. All right, and then I didn't really know what I wanted to do for a long time. So, you know, I'd sort of the status quo. It's an existential crisis. I had a I had this author Mark Manson on the podcast not too long ago. Who's the guy who wrote that? Book, what's it called? I think it's right behind you. Well, his latest ones called Everything Is fucked but the what everything is fucked a book about Hope see also the one the subtle art of not giving yeah, that's yeah. That's what I was trying to go up. Yeah. I don't know why I couldn't think of that is because it's sold a gajillion copies, right and and together. We haven't been me that but yeah, well, I told him Point Blank I was like when I when I saw that book popping up everywhere. I was like this books bullshit. I'm not In this park like we had the same personality. Yep, but then you read it. It's actually, you know, it's actually very well done. Like you did a great job and it's much more profound and and deep and well thought out than you might expect but to my point of having that kind of existential crisis like his thing was I'm going to I'm going to be a writer and I'm going to write books and someday I'll hit the New York Times bestseller list and he wrote that book and those two books together are like a publishing phenomenon that you You only see once in a generation. So here he is at like I don't know what he was 31 or something like that where there's no way he's ever going to top this ever again. He's making crazy money just sitting at home playing video games collecting royalties. Like what now? You know, what what happens to you when you achieve every dream that you've ever set for yourself. That's that's right. That is the existential crisis. And it's also the kind of thing that you can't really talk about right because to talk about something like that is to Then somehow seemed you know, entitled were ungrateful or exactly so and but it's actually a real thing right because then you have to sit with what it is that you want to do. And for me, I think one of the things that I am grateful for is that I have art so even though even though I didn't have any goals for say I always had this Outlet right? I always had a place that I could go for. Grounding and balance and inspiration and curiosity so and that's never going to change and that's never going to change and you know, that's one of the kind of secret goals of this podcast right is is to talk to people about what art has meant for them and even your descriptions of interacting with my sister and those theater Productions, which were, you know, really performance art. I mean that changed her perspective. Definitely did it definitely did and like I said, it's still lives with me to this day. I mean, I think there's something about when you're that age to like things cement in your Consciousness in a different way, but I think about it a lot and you know my existential crisis, you know, took a took a bit of a different form and came much later in life. Like I you know continue to pursue a very traditional career path Earth-like went to law school, you know got a job at a law firm in San Francisco and then ultimately in Los Angeles and it was a constant, you know, multi-year process of trying to jam this square peg into a round hole because unlike you I wasn't drawn into the law out of some innate passion for or some, you know, calling to Justice or anything like that. I was doing it because I hadn't spent enough time thinking about what it was that I truly wanted to do and even more than that. I think I was just so Profoundly disconnected from my higher self that I was essentially on autopilot. Like just well, this is what you do and like Society will approve this and this is what you know, so, you know, the alcoholism played itself out until I was 31 and took me to some super dark places and ultimately, you know, I was able to get sober I went to a rehab in Oregon when I was 31 and 1998 for a hundred days and that began this journey that I've been on you know over the last over 20 years at this point of of attempting to repair that disconnection and connect more profoundly with with you know, my most authentic self and it's something that hasn't happened overnight and continues to you know reveal itself to me but it's been a very slow very slow process of trying to figure out. Okay. What is it about me that gets me excited in the morning. What is it? I think I'm here to do. What is it that I can offer that is uniquely me and that is a spiritual inquest, but it's also a creative Pursuit. Yeah, so so how do you answer some of those questions so that I guess the question would be, you know, do you have do you have a personal mission? Not in a in a in a pithy one-liner kind of way, but I've sort of accidentally found myself in this this role and this vocation where I have a platform of people who are interested in what I have to say and that's something I take seriously. I think it's there's a responsibility with that and I'm using it to try to inspire people to go on their version of what I experienced. Ultimately. It's about this journey. We're all on towards becoming a Most authentic fully actualized most expressed cells and whatever form that is and you know, I I use different vehicles to explore that whether it's diet and nutrition Fitness like the endurance things that I've done or through creativity Artistry business, you know, they're they're all different Avenues to pursue or explore those same ideas. So what do you think you care most about? about That's really good and hard question to answer I think. I think what I care most about is trying to impact people In the most positive but also in the most meaningful way that I can I'm not here to try to build some, you know, the biggest audience possible like the am not doing the podcast so I can get a TV show. It's not about my ego and my you know, whatever influence for me. It's about it's about depth rather than breath. So when I sit down with somebody for a podcast or I'm writing on my website or I'm working on. Whatever or I'm getting on a stage to talk to people or I'm answering an email. I'm always thinking like what is what is the thing that I could say in this moment? That could perhaps Shake something loose in that person and get them to look at something differently and ultimately and most importantly take that and make a change in their life and have that change be sustainable have it be something that will shift their trajectory and move them in a very different direction that perhaps they hadn't thought of Because that's been my experience and I think you know when I said, you know, it's been 20 plus years. I mean, it's this is like you Google me and it all looks like it happened overnight, you know, like this is a very slow process and I think it's about tiny little shifts over time and little actions taken taken consistently in order to kind of move. Somebody's life around. Yeah. So when you for me, like what if I if I sleep Till you know six or six-thirty. I'm good like the whole day. But if I wake up like sometime between like 3:30 and 5:30, that's when I have my moments of like, you know, self-doubt or Panic or or whatnot. So do you do you have something like that? If you wake up not have that cleaning about regardless of how much I sleep. Okay, so did have an amazing night of sleep and still wake up with a tremendous amount of self-doubt in panic. So what what still what still causes that for you with all the things that you've achieved or accomplished? Not necessarily outwardly, but inwardly, you know, what things still what what still makes you uncomfortable? I still have a healthy amount of impostor syndrome. I'm still waiting for somebody to take all of this away or to you know, discover that I'm not worthy. You know, I have a profound insecurities that I have tools to keep it Bay, but that's kind of I have all these default settings. Right and what I've learned in sobriety is that those don't necessarily go away but there is a program of daily maintenance that can keep them at Bay and and Time help me build, you know healthier kind of default Pathways, but that stuff still is there, you know and left to my own devices. I will very quickly become, you know, irritable and egocentric and and resentful and insecure and these are all I think outward manifestations of fear and the Genesis of that fear being I'm not good enough. I'm not worthy or ultimately You know, I'm going to die. Right isn't that the ultimate fear behind everything? So so I have you know, a profound capacity for navigating the world from a fear-based perspective and I do a lot of work to try to not you know come from that perspective. So I've been thinking a lot about this idea and some years ago. I did this program at the Aspen Institute. It was I can't actually remember what it's called now, but it's basically like kind of a boot camp for CEOs, but it uses traditional text. So you start with Play-Doh and you read Martin Luther King's letter from the Birmingham Jail and you know, you read Hobbes and Locke and and you know, you learn about yourself and at the end there's this quadrant you Out, you know where you place yourself and I was willing to do that, but I needed to come up with my own quadrants basically to figure out where to put myself and so the vertical trajectory for me was the lowest point was fear. And the highest point on that was Transcendence. And you know, I try and modulate you know, how far I am from Fear, you know as I get closer to transcend. What's the closest you've gotten to Transcendence? I've actually gotten to a place that feels like that twice once was with a Healer in Aspen named David Hatfield, and he does energetic work and basically his efforts include a sort of rewriting of your DNA somehow it changes your origin story. And actually I had my son do it because I don't know. Few know this bug my former husband is an alcoholic. And so there is that pattern of alcoholism in in their bloodline. And so I hope Emerson won't be embarrassed to have me talk about this on the podcast, but he met with David Hatfield to kind of rewrite that patterning hopefully, so in an in a session, I need to go see this guy you I'll connect you he is totally amazing and in a session with him. Him where he was working with me energetically. I felt like I had elevated mentally almost physically and and I felt like I had a vision of what Transcendence look like or what the Divine was and I felt it in my body. So that's probably the single closest time. I've been to them. That's cool. I'm still striving. Listen. I mean, it's like anything Thing, you know like art also for me is like an addiction and you know, we talked about the aesthetic experience in our where, you know, you're transported from where you are in the moment to some alternate place. It doesn't change your life, but it feels different for a moment. And I feel like once you have tasted that then you're chasing forever. How strictly do you define? What art is what art isn't so I I have a really easy answer to that which is my perspective is something is Art if the person who made it intended it to be art mmm. .. And then people can decide killer definition. Well, of course, it's you can decide as the viewer or experiencer of it if it's good or not. So it's not a question of like whether something is good or not. It's just a question as as to whether it is Art. So for example, a lot of things in museums, I would say are not art because the person who made them didn't intend them. So for example these, you know bowls right like pre-modern Bowl. There are two objects, right but they're not art. So this makes some people can grow utility and third a museum now just for posterity exactly, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. I mean, you know people have said to me like, oh, you know these these races that you do like, this is your this is your art and I find that it doesn't that doesn't sit great with me. I think it's very clean. It's a pretentious thing to say, I agree, but I think there is something to be said for The storytelling that I do around that like how I choose to communicate the meaning of those experiences, you know in a way that as I explained earlier could be helpful or beneficial to others and I think there is an artistic or creative bent to that. Although I wouldn't go so far as to call it art. Well, so I I resist a lot of the categorization that everyone wants, you know, I feel like people want to categorize things or compartmentalize. So that they can feel like they understand them and kind of like check that box and then put it aside, you know, so I've always been interested in it actually problematize in things. Right? And so, you know, I don't think that something has to be art for it to be interesting right or so. I think exactly what you're describing is Artistic it's creative and it's important, you know in in and of itself, right? It doesn't have to be something else in order. Order to then be glorified or Justified or or made more important. Yeah, I think that's well said so can we talk a little bit about your daughter and her interest in art? Sure. So I have a sixteen-year-old daughter. Her name is Mathis. She picked up a paintbrush when she was in diapers and ever since that moment. We've just sort of tried to support that and get out of the way like we would let her paint the walls and we would Julie would buy these gigantic canvases and just a ton of paint and let her just roll around in it and make a gigantic mess and and And that's been cool, you know like to see her go through phases with it. She when she was younger than she got into. Like dressmaking and apparel like she was she was like sewing her own clothes and that kind of thing and we had homeschooled her for many years and then she went to a school around the corner from here called Muse which is a pretty Progressive kind of open floor plan type situation and a couple years ago. She came to us and said I found this school that I want to go too. It's called laksa and here's the paperwork like she had done all this research and homework and This large public school that's kind of like, you know sort of the LA version of what you would imagine. The fame school is it's like a Visual Art Theater dance music kind of high school for those kind of kids and she was determined to try to get into the school. Although it's public school. You have to get it you have to apply and get in and she spent the better part of a year creating a portfolio of visual Works, which she then had to go and Present to a committee, you know teacher sitting behind a table and state her case and she got in which was amazing and she really did it. Like it was all herself like we were supporting her but it wasn't like our idea it was her idea and now she's a sophomore there and it's been a really cool experience. It's been challenging because we live way out like Northwest of Los Angeles. This school is in is east of downtown Los Angeles and for people that don't understand the geography of Allah it is a With traffic, it's two hours each way. It's just too far to do every day, but it's not so far away that it would be a boarding school situation and they don't let you bored. Anyway, it's a day school. So we had to rent an apartment in downtown and my wife and I take turns staying in this Loft downtown so that we can be there for her because she's too even though she would prefer to be emancipated. She's like 16 going on 28. She still does need a little Parental Guidance. So that's hard and it's Wired quite a commitment on behalf of like our family and our marriage in order to do that but a big part of everything that I'm about and and the things that I talked about in feel strongly about like, how do you become your most authentic self? How can you be more creatively Express? Like, you know, how can you have the courage to you know, set aside your fear and go after this thing that you're passionate about like, how can I talk about those things if I'm not practicing them in my own home and supporting my Child to do the same. So of course, we're going to rise to the occasion and and support her doing this. So we're in our second year and you know, she's really taken to it. Her latest thing is is black and white film photography. Like she's sort of pivoted from painting into that and she's just in the dark room all the time and she fancies herself like a young Larry Clark like documenting the disaffected Youth of Los Angeles, which As this waspy person that grew up in a very traditional, you know kind of household with a specific kind of education. It requires. It really is like I really have to like take a beat, you know, like I see these images and I'm like, holy shit. Now that means what is with these because Marley yeah, like what is going on here? So but they're beautiful and they're amazing. So part of me is like this is incredible like I celebrate every aspect of this and then there's the parent who's afraid and protective and all of that. So it's this dance of of trying to guide this person this young person who who has a conviction about what she wants to express who's very strong and opinionated and confident like she has all these things that you want a young person to have especially a young woman like she's not Afraid she doesn't put herself in she doesn't try to accommodate other people so that they feel more comfortable at all. These things that I did when I was growing up like she's got a motor. She's like I want to work I got stuff to do like she's got a plan and that's amazing. But she's also ubering all over Los Angeles and like God knows where with who knows who you know what I mean, and it's scary and I can't control that and I am a control freak. So as a as a dad, you know, it's a dance of of being supportive but also being, you know at times the voice of reason to try to help, you know, just be be, you know, a little to create a little bit of grounding I think and I think if the the challenges like if you push too hard or you lay down the law too much then then you get the door closes on. On the open communication because she's going to go do what she's going to do anyway, but it has been great to see her Blossom as this young artist. They did a show every year at the beginning like like it was like a month ago or actually a couple weeks ago where they they do an art gallery show downtown of like all the students work and I went and it's just like hundreds of kids in this Chinatown gallery that they take over and It's in some of the work was insane. Like I was looking at a couple of paintings. I mean Museum quality work and I'm like that kid is in ninth grade, you know, like they're doing some really amazing stuff there and she's got teachers that she really respects and she really cares about what they think about the work that she's doing and I don't think that you can ask for more than that in an educational setting. There's so many things in what you said from the idea that I believe that the exact teacher that you need shows up exactly in that moment. So testing for you all of these values right that you're putting forth and and you know your own perspective and authenticity and I also have a sixteen-year-old daughter. Uh-huh and the balance between Yeah, wanting them to figure out who they are and you know, and I often joke with my daughter who? Over time I've sort of said oh, you know bossy. Mommy bossy daughter right like you get what you you get what you raised and and that is an Incredible Gift to get to see so, of course your daughter would want to live this authentic life. And of course she would push you in those ways because that's what you're showing her whether you are a thousand percent always able to commit to that, you know in your mind. That's what you've shown. And so that's she has no The choice really? Yeah, I mean, I think the example that we've tried to set is that you know, Julie and I are always working on some creative project and our house is very much. Like we're in this used to be a yoga room. Now. It's a it's a podcast Studio like it's kind of an open floor plan that operates like a like a studio like we have created all everything that we've created has come out of this place and you know doing photo shoots for cookbooks and making short, you know videos and all kinds of things over the years. So the so our kids have kind of grown up with that and they're used to it. And we also have a side business. We rent the house out for photo shoots and film Productions and things like that. So they're used to like Crews taking over the house for a couple days to shoot a television commercial or something like that. It's just like normal and two weekends ago or last know is last weekend math is directed her first music video at the house. So there was like 20 kids here and they had a smoke machine and they're doing like I've trial party. You know like all this and I was like that's amazing. Like she's amazing. She was like directing and she got all these kids to come here and like do what she wants them to do like like at 16 directing a video like that's awesome. So we were recording in your podcast studio and and we were in your house before we came over here and I noticed that all the walls in your house. We're blank other than one photograph. So we need some art. Desperately need some new art. We're in the process. Well, here's one thing I will say well finish your thought. First know what I was going to ask, you know, if you if you consciously live with art wall with white walls, you know without art or because your space seems very intentional. Well, how do I answer this? I mean first Julie is also a painter. So there's been plenty of her work like circulated the there's been art on that walls and we're like swapping it out and like it's always kind of changing part of that is because it's kind of like a moving set and we just had a production here recently and we took everything down, but I think also we haven't found the right like those great pieces and part of that is because a big part of our story is that We went through many years of just complete Financial meltdown and we could barely pay our bills like the idea of from finding art for the wall like forget. We're trying to pay the trash bill like it was really hard for a long time and and it's hard to conceptualize if you've been to our house because we live at we have an amazing house and like I live a life, you know of embarrassing riches, but we were like the poorest people Living in a really nice house because we couldn't pay for it. It's amazing that it didn't get foreclosed on. I don't know how that happened. It's like a the universe conspiring to support us in a mess in a mystical mysterious way, but we're just now, you know now everything's great and were you know, the the house needs a lot of repair and things we can finally like pay for so we're just doing one thing at a time but you know, a big future goal is finding the right pieces of art to Adorn the walls because it is How's that lends itself to that kind of absolutely. Alright, well, we'll talk about that over time, but it is something that I noticed. So yeah, and the and the one photograph that's hanging in there. What is that the one for what so it's like three people in an elevator. Oh, that's Julie and her brother and her sister-in-law. They had a band for a while. It's in a lightbox. Okay? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah and I and there is there's a painted. Wood structure we did that. Okay, that's in the bathroom. We have some other art pieces to we have the one of the other things that we've done over the years is we have our house kind of operated like comuoon for a long time. We would take in Wayward whoever's who would stay here for extended periods of time and we've had the opportunity to have two artists live with us, like one went through a divorce and he lived in an Airstream in our yard is name's Andrew pesky. Well, actually he did those. Pieces over there. Yeah, he was with us for like two years. I think and more recently a wonderful art emerging artist called Brian O'Hara who also was going through a bit of a financial stretch and we just made a home from here and he turned our garage into a studio for a while. I actually just moved out like a month ago beautiful artist. I'll show you his work afterwards actually. He did this this piece looking at that. He does this kind of hieroglyph style of art. He right. He's written backwards his whole life and he Hates this language and he creates these pastiches out of his his own personal typeset. It's pretty cool. That's really created a logo for my podcast and he created the logo and artwork for my wife's new plant based cheese company. He's beautifully talented and a lovely guy. Yeah, I'd love to yeah, I'd love to so let me ask you about some of these objects that are on the desk here with us. Some of them are familiar to me because they're like things have sitting in my space as well some of the rose quartz crystal and Buddha-figure and so but where do they come from? These are all most of these are gifts from guests who know that I have crystals on the desk. So they bring them to me. This Amor Fati coin is from my friend Ryan holiday who has written books about the philosophy of the stoics. So it's a reminder to know that life is short this disc this bracelet actually was To Me by Rebecca Rush who is a world champion mountain bike racer who recently couple of years ago Road the entire length of the Ho Chi Minh trail in an effort to find the place where her father had perished in the Vietnam War and in so doing she supported a nonprofit that goes out and finds all the unexploded Ordnance that's out in. In Cambodia and Vietnam because there's tons of Mines everywhere still and they exploded and they take the detritus of that and they create jewelry out of it. So that's what this is here. And you know Buddha's and Mala beads and books and things like that. I don't know sometimes I have guests said they get their like we're talking but they're so fidgety and distracted and they're just kind of like going like that. So what's your favorite thing to do? I think my favorite thing to do is I think I like my favorite thing to do is to wake up early on a beautiful warm sunny day and go out on a really long trail run by myself. That's probably my favorite thing to do. I really value my solitude and spending time alone with myself is super important to me. So when you do that, do you listen to music? Rarely, either nothing just the sound of my breath and whatever you can hear environmentally, but if I'm going like if it's a training run and I'm going to be out for a long time. I'll listen to an audiobook or a podcast. Generally. I don't often listen to music. I try to occupy my mind in and something that will broaden me a little bit I guess. So, do you do you still work on your Sprite every day? Yes, I mean, I'm still very much a member of 12-step and that's my number one priority, you know above all it's like I'm here to help other alcoholics achieve sobriety and that's how I stay sober. So I go to meetings all the time and you know do the step work and all of that but that's not I'm not I'm not at meetings every single day, but I wake up and I have a morning routine that involves, you know, doing a few certain. The send, you know, I call people throughout the day and they call me and and you know, one of the and I try to be of service to alcoholics that are still suffering in a non-public way and then I and what I learned, you know about how to get sober and stay sober I try to bring into the work that I do. So although podcasting is not 12-step like I try to be of service to others and the more I can kind of get out out of my own way and let go Oh of what my ego wants and and just try to be present and of Maximum service to other people then I'm happier. And I stay sober that way and everyone around me is a little bit happier to I suppose so I also am a big proponent of a morning routine. What is yours? Hmm. Well, I'll preface this by saying there are plenty of days where I work where I wake up full of anxiety and I got right to the laptop and do all those things. You're not supposed to You so I'm hardly perfect in this but you know, I get up I make a little coffee. I do 20 minutes of meditation and then I do morning Pages which is a practice out of the artists way about unleashing creativity. It's something I've been doing ever since I went to rehab on and off to help kind of shake loose the unconscious mind and also kind of clear out whatever it is that That is non-essential. That's that's occupying my my awareness. So I do that journaling and then and then I go out and run or go to the pool. I do something physical after that. So I try to keep it basic iffy nowadays like morning routines are so in Vogue, you know, everybody's got their morning routine and you know, you string together a bunch of these things and you're looking at like 2 hours every day. It's like all these things you got to do before you could just go and Life. Yeah, mine is almost the same as yours except for I'm not a coffee drinker. I'm a matcha Drinker and I make my bed. That's good practice. It's the easiest one of all five of them. I do five things every morning. Well, I don't get all five every morning. So but if I get three that I feel there you go accomplished and usually I get all five by the end of the day, right? That's good. Yeah, you know I sleep in a tub. I did not know that didn't know that you see that turn out back there. I did see that tent that yellow tent the orange one or the orange tan. Yeah. It's something I started doing a couple of years ago. I've struggled with sleep and the older I get the more elusive it is if I'm training really hard I sleep well, but when I'm not training super hard, I find it very challenging and I have to do all sorts of things to kind of ensure that I get a restful evening and I just find that sleeping outside. I just sleep so much better with the cold air. So I get tons of blankets. I get this gravity blanket. That's like a weighted blanket eye mask like I have a whole thing. NG but sleeping outside is really I mean look, we live in Los Angeles. I don't live in Connecticut, you know, so but it goes down into the high 30s at night and I just sleep so much more restfully and I wake up in the morning. Just feeling much more rested and that's where you sleep every night. Hmm. Yeah. Do you think he like last night? It got crazy windy. I just felt like I was in it, so I had to come inside sleep inside short of the wind like I've never come in because it's too cold. I'll only know. Do it if it's too windy. And so did you hear my question about whether you sleep by yourself out there? Yeah, I do sleep on myself Julie's like knock yourself out. I mean it started because everyone thinks it's like a referendum on our marriage like we've been together for a very 20 years. I mean, we have a Fant fantastic relationship and love each other very much and it's all good. But it began with she likes the bedroom really warm and I like it freezing cold. And it's always too cold for her and too hot for me. No matter what we do and we're both not happy with it. And we used to argue about it all the time and as a joke one night. I was like, I'm not going to sleep on the roof. We have a flat roof and I just pulled a sleeping bag out and like a twin mattress out there and I had an amazing night asleep. And I was like, I'm gonna do this. She's like fine have fun, but she's not interested, you know, so she can now sleep with the heat turned up and we have our intimate time and it's all you know, that's all intact and everything like that, but Everyone wants to project like there's some problem. you know, one of the things I've learned is that there the same thing doesn't equal the same thing in a variety of different circumstances, right? Hmm. So for me when my former husband and I started sleeping separately it was because that was going to be the end of our marriage. Yeah, and that has been the case for a lot of my friends, but that doesn't necessarily mean that that's what it means for everyone and I don't know I kind of love the idea of sleeping. Outside but I think I don't have that many fears left honestly, but I do fear wild animals. Yeah, well you just because you live in Aspen, you know, I don't think you have to worry about this here really and that I have the tent up on the roof for a while because I was worried about snakes and stuff like that. Yeah, I sip it all up. It's fine. But that's a rational fear living where you live, you know, I mean, I know because There are all sorts of tracks in our backyard and I did see a bunch of elk there last week. So I'm pretty sure that was what was making the tracks you want to get trampled. So no, but actually a guy came over he was hanging some art in the house and he was looking at the tracks and he said that there have been some sightings of a wolverine and he wanted to know if that maybe was in our backyard sovereignty. Yeah. I need I needed to Google that because I wasn't even sure what that would look like. But I never sleep outside even in the summer. Yeah, because I'm afraid of that. Well, you can open up the Windows though. Yes, of course cold air at yeah, you know, I just think you know, I think that people's reactions to it are interesting because I think it's a reflection of something we were talking about earlier, which is the extent to which we live our lives in reaction to social expectations and societal Norms. Like we're this is what you do you go to school and then you get this job and this is Your trajectory and then you're going to make this much money and you'll buy your second car and all of these things that are kind of pre dictated that I think really have so much more domain and control over the decisions that we make. We're not aware how powerful they are. So for me to say, I'm going to sleep in a tent in the backyard like all I'm doing is doing what human beings did historically for Millennia, right? But it's like this weird thing where people think I'm this freak, you know, and I understand I get it or they think Like if you're in a relationship like you this is you share this bed. And and if something should happen with that then you know, there's a big problem with the relationship right? And so where does that come from? It just comes from expectations created by those social norms, right? And and you know, my wife who actually shares a lot of qualities that Laura has like she's incredibly independent like she just she's like, I don't need you around me all the time. Like go away like We when I'm with you, I want you to be super present and for that. Time to be quality time, but I don't need you. No, I don't need you in my sphere all the time. Just so I feel like our relationship is secure. So there's an actual like I feel like there's a there's a greater trust and and bond and kind of security with the relationship because you know, we're not always together. So we actually have to work on it harder to make sure that we maintain that but we do it not through just proximity all the time, but by making sure that our interactions are of the Excalibur, well, I think I think that's actually the greater challenge right is being able to show up. In the most vulnerable and authentic way in relationship to someone else. Yeah, and it's hard, you know, it's really hard and when you've been with somebody for a very long time, it's so easy to be on autopilot and take your foot off the gas and lose sight of the fact that a relationship is is a dynamic living breathing thing. And if it's not if it's deprived of oxygen, it's going to it's going to starve and die. Yeah, I think it also what you're talking about is of trust right where if you've shared Your soul with your partner, then you also trust that that person is going to be kind with what they know. Yeah, that's right. We don't have a perfect marriage, but it's pretty great. Like I love my wife and you know, I'm really happy to be with her. So I think that the idea of being able to create with the person that you're with is something that adds to longevity yeah right yeah I think it's a it's a complex afire also you know Julie and I we do collaborate we have we have things that we do independent of each other like this is my show and she has a plant-based cheese company now and she does a lot I mean she's you know always doing a million things whereas I like to pick a lane and be very focused on one thing like we're very different in that regard but there's something about when we come together where we are able to Um create something that has, you know, kind of exponentially more value and depth but that also you know, there's a there's a tax that you pay with that because it does require you then to create boundaries around what's professional and what is and what is you know relationship. So you have to be understand like you because it just bleep everything bleeds together, right so you can just be constantly talking about work. So you have to be a little bit more mindful of making sure that you're tending to the relationship and because we're very different like will have different opinions about a way, you know certain ways something should go and that can descend into argument or it provides an opportunity to work on our communication skills. What do you think is the best piece of advice you've ever been given? Just like hammering me with a philosophical hard questions. How dare you supposed to come up with some nugget of wisdom here. I think you're wise the hardest ask me again. The hardest question. What is all right the hardest that's how you heard it now buying time. This is a tactic. Uh-huh. The question is the best piece of advice you've ever been given. Hmm. You should really stop drinking. Mmm. I say that in jest. I mean I probably is the best the best advice I've ever been given but I think in a more philosophical way, you know the the The best piece of advice that I've been given that has required the most amount of faith on my part is something Julie said to me and it's something I put in my book which is when your heart is true. The universe will conspire to support you. on your timeline right not the way you think it should work out but I truly believe that if you can find that that song within you that is yearning To Be Sung and you and out of purity of Heart You Usher up the courage to to manifest that in the world that I think the universe shows up to support you in in magical and mysterious ways you could never predict and I think that's that's part of the beauty of living a creative life that I think a lot of people Miss out on out of fear or out of that social programming. Yeah. I've talked a few times on my podcast about really transformative trip that I took to Thailand last November and when you meditate with the monks there they don't know try and grant you your wish right? You can basically like make a wish before you meditate and then they'll bless you and but they also say is you know what you wished for or something better yeah because we're we're our own biggest self limiters exactly yeah and that's and the other thing you know you said it's not necessarily on your timeline but what they add is right now and that was my favorite part of it was that they would say you know what you wish for or something better right now hmm so that kind of immediacy somehow I think shakes things loose yeah I think that's important but I also think a critical piece is to orient your life around the work itself whatever it is that you're trying to express and make it about that like find the joy and the love of that and and do everything in your power to divorce yourself from the results exactly and the more you can let go of being results driven I think you will find happiness and I think you'll find a deeper reservoir of creativity and expression yeah that they also say that you know you don't have to wait for the thing that you want to Have happened to be happy you get to be happy on your way. That choice is always available to you. Yeah as elusive as it is so last question. What do you think art matters? What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to Coexist on this Mortal coil? If we can't find ways of communicating and conveying higher truths through various means like to me I look at art art is a way of taking something specific and making it Universal. Right and we have ways in which we do that through the written word and through journalism or whatever but to really get at the core the The deepest most profound shared Universal experiences. We need a multitude of different manners of expression to do that. And I think that is what enriches our lives and gives us a sense of of of universal truth universally shared truth and Beauty. Well Beauty goes right to my heart every single time, but I love that notion of taking something that is specific and making it Universal and that's actually how I think we start to understand that we have more in common than we think we do. Yeah, and we could all use a little bit more of that right now. I think hopefully that's the path forward. Thanks for talking to me today. Thank you so much. I love to conversations about art is part of high Z dot art sign Manila. Is our producer our theme music was composed by Eric McDougall Jordan Weisberg is our curatorial associate Robertson de documented this conversation. If you like what you heard, Please Subscribe and review us on whichever platform you listened as it helps us further our goal of connecting all to Art. We will be back again every other Tuesday with new episodes. Thanks for listening.