Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides.You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha she day like so like the headings is I almost had chicken on my I gotta see so I'm not been taking my ekadashi fast for like two three weeks since the Maha shivarathri started and kind of activity that was happening - my was a little bit very about whether taking a fast In so much of activity was possible. So I did not take a fast but there are a lot of people in the ashram lot of people who go on First and still do intense activity. It's just that maybe my mind was not yet ready for it. Maybe I could have also done but I was not sure so talking about my Akashi experiences today. I woke up in the morning only when I check the daily Misty code I realized it is I gotta see but there is some confusion like whether I cut the cheese on the 5th of March or today on the 6th, so I asked my coolness or in certain. Islanders it varies but I would prefer I prefer to follow the ones given by Isha, but it's up to you I guess and so I started my morning. I had my name balls did my practices I have reached out of my hot yoga and it feels really good. To be honest yesterday. I did my yoga sand as and now the body has come to a nice. I feel like I was not able to sit for long, but now that he's is slowly slowly started to seep back in and I started I did not Anything in the morning and then afternoon I had to go out with my sister-in-law and my nephew so he was running around all the place and I was running behind him and I did not have any food. So I thought no no, it's okay I can manage but by the time I came back home, I was having a slight bit of headache and also I was super hungry and when I went in the kitchen, there was all good stuff. There was you know, chicken fry and all that stuff. Yes guys. I still need non-vegetarian food now. Of people ask me why have you not create you should create the for me the whole idea is not about quitting anything it is I'm not compulsive towards it. Yes of the second. She did a bit of competition came not a bit a lot game, but unusual days. I can skip not having chicken or Biryani or whatever it is. I even when I went for my friend's wedding in Kolkata. I used to have just one meal a day or two meals a day. Sometimes only one meal actually since I had to my practice, but I So effortless in doing that and I used to have pitched are known so it was totally fine with me. So I still have known which I still I do not stop the Cravings of my body. I do not try to forcibly stop anything - naturally Force let it fall. That's how I do it. So when I came to the kitchen, I saw all this stuff this male was working and already I was feeling a bit tired now, I'm feeling super hungry. So what I did was I took a glass of water put some lime in it, like, you know lemon lime lime juice. In it added some honey and then track it it gave me a little bit. Okay, he's but again, it was not enough. So I then had some cashew nuts if you're not Sam my favorite stuff. So I had some cashew nuts, but still not then I had like three four bananas and then only I felt a little bit. Okay, and then I went to my bed to take rest. I was not feeling like making videos or doing anything. You can ask me further equal to live, but I was like super tired eyes. No, but then I was like no no, no, I was not able to see her like I need to do this stuff. And then I just got up iMessage McLennan. Let's do that life. We have to do it and slowly slowly. I could see that energy seeping back into me because just by making that shift in my mind. No, you're not tired. You can do this slowly slowly one step at a time. It came back to me. So yeah, and that's how I did that live with vocal a nice today. You can check it out on YouTube. It's also there in my podcast. So McDonough gives a really very very awesome tips. So a lot of people think I got there she is, you know forcefully trying to control the body from its foot but I never do that. Yes, when I feel angry I stay with the hunger for some time and see if it I'm really feeling hungry. But if it's not I give the body my food. I do not deny. My body's needs whatever it needs. I give it. The whole idea for me of doing Sardina is to make the body understand that it is not dependent on its compulsions and that it can drop it whenever it needs it. So that's why I keep up my practices and to my uncle Martin am I shocked each animation boy or a girl. I see now that you know, I can control my body a lot more than two years back a lot more the way I handle it the way I do about it. It's lot and I hope this possibilities available to each and every one of you So yeah do check out my other podcast video. You can also check out my YouTube channel. If it is the first time on the podcast and yeah do send me a voice note. If you are on using the anchor up you can send me a voice note and I'll reply to it. Yep. Feel free to reach out to me on Tick-Tock Instagram Snapchat link. Then I try to be there on all social media so that you know, I can handle all the queries and wherever whatever queries you have. So no friction. I want myself back sir, but accessible to you guys depending on your likes. I know some of you like this app, some of you like Instagram some people don't like Tick-Tock some of you like Snapchat some of you don't like LinkedIn. So when you feel like YouTube, so I try to be in all the platforms so that I'm easily accessible. So if you guys have a great time mascara