Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey everyone, welcome back to Midwest Chicana. This is Deanna Munoz, and I'm very excited to have you back. We have an amazing guest today and I cannot even tell you how important it is for you to hear her episode loose settle. I actually met a couple months ago at the Kauffman school where she's an educator and I was blown away by the impact she has Not only in her community not only at her school, but with her kids. I have never been a part of a school system the way that I was when I was invited to be a part of the Hispanic Heritage Month activities and I just wish that we had more teachers like Lou settle and more of the culturally phenomenal amazingness embracement that they show at the Kauffman School. Every school in Kansas City. I cannot tell you how important this segment is. I hope that you come away with some new information some educational information, but in all honesty, I hope you come away with Wow, there are some amazing strong Latinas in Kansas City and they are doing some amazing work and why not support At them why not look them up and say hey, what can I do? Maybe if I can't reach out to the settle, or maybe I can not a part of the school. But what can I do in my own Community to uplift people of color right raise their voices help with the youth whether that's in sports or an art or anything. How can I be supportive of all this amazing work that's going on. Baby outside of my own home. So with that I am going to bring you this amazing episode with Lou settle and I just want to thank her for coming in on this Saturday beautiful morning and spending the day with us to give us her remarkable story of how she came to be here in Kansas City and how she is impacting this city. Hey everyone. Thanks again for joining us. This is Deanna Munoz with Midwest Chicana. And I have an amazing guest today. She is phenomenal. I actually met her just recently at her school at the Kauffman foundation. And I'm so excited to introduce her. This is the new settle. How does that go? How long how are you? Thank you so much. In a part of this podcast like so excited to hear your story. I know we kind of met a little bit but we haven't really talked a whole lot and I'm so excited to get to know more about you. So let's just kick it off to can you tell us a little bit about you know, who you are. Are you a native of Kansas City? Like just go into your whole background got it. Yeah first off. I'm super excited to be on here. It's definitely a great privilege and honor so my name is José de venise also get off on that. Here is very kind of just like odd, but such like a God thing. So I was born in Mexico in 1996. And then I first came to United States with my mom in think Two years old. So 98 and of all places to be first off in the United States. We landed in Nebraska. Wow, you tell us why? Yes, there were like some Christian missionaries who used to go to like the little like Adventure that my mom is from and they just kind of like one day were like, hey, do you want to come and like work and my grandfather and my mom are like sure and my mom was like I need to give a better life to my daughter. So like might as well. This is the only opportunity and so we ended up in this really small town called Potter, Nebraska. Gotta it's like I think the next like little big city is Sydney and there were eight hours away from Omaha. So pretty much nowhere. Yeah lived in like a trailer home like their closest neighbor was a mile away. My mom and I learned English watching Barney and just like doing stuff like that. Like I had a babysitter who eventually like they only spoke English and that's how I learned English and so my mom was a cook and then we kind of like one thing led to the next we ended up moving around several different places and my mom ended up marrying her first. And who was in the military and we went to San Diego and had my sister. My sister's for four years apart. She's actually currently in the military. Oh, so she is stationed in San Diego. So she's living her dream. She's doing big girl things which is still pretty hot this year and I can't believe it big sister for sure. Right and then after that we ended up moving to Japan because that's where you were stationed. I did not know the hat. So I was in Japan my family and I were in Japan for three years. From kindergarten to third grade. I would have been trilingual if I had I kept up that Japanese because I would really dope. But yeah, I moved back to the States. Nobody speaks Japanese. They're just like some like some family stuff and then my mom didn't getting a divorce and we moved to Texas. We thought we were going to be there for like the rest of the time but things weren't getting set up with school right or Medicare or anything like that. So my Ended up like kind of re finding one of her childhood friends who lived in California. Okay, so she kind of went out there and was like kind of scoping it out before I moved and then she came back like a weekend later. It was like, yep, we're moving and so we would all the way to San Jose and we had lived there since 2008. My my mom. I'm currently still lives there with her now husband and so that's home for me. So basically all that story is San Jose Bay Area for all we area code that is home for me. It's funny. I would have a friend who's from San Jose. So I'm gonna have to hook you up. She's very very proud of you. And so I love where I grew up. That's where I went to middle school and high school really where like I started growing in my faith. I started growing in my own self as a human being as a potential educator and so many Toys and so many programs that honestly, I don't think I would have gotten had I not like just been where it was physically and demographically and so I ended up going to college in Los Angeles the small school in the city of Azusa and I graduated with a bachelor's in ethnic studies and sociology. So very good some bastard social movements just like saying yeah always been a foundational thing and I'm really thankful that my mom has for sure implemented then and instilled that in me. Me, yeah regardless of like her like being an immigrant and not being native to this country and like English not being her first language like she never and I'm super thankful. She never let us like be ashamed like who we were right? She never let us like not speak Spanish. So the rule was we spoke Spanish at home in English like Elsa is also ourselves now, like I never really was upset about that, but it was kind of just like Oakland. I just want to speak to him like it just easier. Yeah now like for sure. I'm so thankful that because I'm able to speak Spanish and I'm able to use To further myself in my career and it's just like an incredible asset to have like in our ever growing and diversifying country. Yeah. So why am I in Kansas City? Yes, why did that happen? So I graduated in 2018 and in October the recruiter from the school that I currently work at. She reached out to me via email was like Hey, I just want to talk to you about, you know, just like your experience with this other program that you I've been a part of you know, we have other teachers here who were part of that program for said yeah. Sure. Like I personally thought it was just another like advertising moment for the program. I was a part of and although I talked about break through all the time like I love breakthrough like it's great. Yeah for those who don't know breakthrough is a national wide nonprofit organization that helps low-income students get to College. It's completely free. And so I was a part of it in Silicon Valley. So shout out to break down BSB your life and it's not just No, it's nationally. So yeah, it's nationally across the entire country and some of them are like with the collaborative itself and some of them are kind of branches off of it without it. But yeah, there are huge when I'm and I'm going to add that to the list of when we post this because people are very curious about anything that you say your something. They can look at your reach out to we will add that. Yeah. I don't think there is any in Missouri or Kansas, but I know there's one in Denver and how there's like plenty and Texas and stuff like that. So it's for sure it's all over and is also really cool like working opportunities for those who are aspiring Educators in the summer. There you go. That's like just shouting out those little didn't know about that. You know. Yeah, that's really cool. And so anyway, she emailed me and I was like, yeah sure like I'll talk to y'all talk to like talk about how great breakthrough is like my experience. There's a student and as a teaching fellow whatever Midway through the And that she's you know asking me like oh like what are you thinking of doing after college and that didn't raise a flag because everybody's asking them to that at that point because it's my last semester. I'm like, okay. Yeah, like everybody wants to know what I'm doing after I graduate and I was like, oh no like at that point. I had applied to the Fulbright Grant to the Fulbright scholarship to teach English in Mexico was waiting to hear about that. I was like, I'll probably just take a semester off since I like graduated a semester early. I was like, I deserve a break. Yes, we're gonna you know get money so when I get back to grad school, so I I saw some kind of you know, like it's not really set in stone. But like I have a plan for maybe like six months from now, but you need to be after graduation. Not sure. Yeah and the second question. She asked me was like, what do you you know, would you move, you know across the country if you had a job opportunity. I'm like girl don't play with me. No idea where Kansas City was I had no idea where Kansas or Missouri or anything. Like that was like, okay. First of all, I left that conversation just shocked and went to my boss actually like I was actually out my current like job and I went to him afterwards and knocked on his door was like, I think I just got a job question mark right not sure but what did you think about Kansas City? Yeah. Are you thinking no way? No. I like the first time I ever heard about was okay so has to be in Kansas because Canada and I know if we were gonna come for me with Um, but now being a here year. I know I know don't come here and I thought it was just like like just country rule just like yeah. No no City at all was like, okay. It's gonna be the Midwest. It's middle of nowhere. I mean, I grew up in the Rancho make sure like, I can't do that. But I'm a city girl hot. Now I gave you California like Bay Area and then going to school and I lay like, that's that's totally different and that very moment. I Looked up on my did all my Research indicates a school. Okay. So this is like a teaching opportunity. This is like what there that's what they stand for. They just opened in 2011. It's a charter school and it's like primarily like black and African-American students and I'm just like, okay like I like this Vibe. Yeah, and then she kind of like hook me up with like a conversation with their current teacher to see like what the school is about like ask any questions like from actual person who like works there and like does the jobs like every single day and I just got more and more interested. And pretty much in a span of a month. I applied got a phone interview and they flew me out in November for a full day interview. And so they flew me out from Los Angeles all the way to like all the way to Kansas City and I did a full day interview. I remember the day that I got here at snow and I was like, oh my God. Maybe I was super excited. I was super excited. I was not like clothes-wise prepared. No, I would not because California doesn't Ali's La doesn't have Winters right Northern California does but nowhere where I live so I was not prepared like weather wise but I was just so excited and so amazed and impressed honestly with just the school itself and then the students and the teachers and what Drew me to Kaufman was I Never been in an environment where there was so much care dedicated to its students. Yes, like in the moment but also reciprocated to its teachers. Yes. They each feature has like three planning periods throughout the day for first and second year teacher's there's like so much coaching and live coaching like feedback and just like different workshops to help them become better teachers and feedback from everybody not just from your coaches, but from other teachers and there's so much support. I think given to people who maybe have an education background and people who are just coming into this kind of, you know, like with a non-traditional background of teaching like myself and so it that was like just right off the bat. I was like, I really like this place and I feel like I can be supported knowing obviously wherever you teach is going to be a difficult job just because of the nature of it. It's not just a teaching job, like you're dealing with emotional you're dealing with like mental. You didn't look like physical changes of like your students regardless of like what age you teach and it's like sometimes more important. To get that relationship with a student than to push the content. And so that's something that I've been back trying to balance and like learning and stuff like that and then I interviewed and it was so great and I was terrified because they gave me a math lesson and I'm an English teacher and so like I know that it's going to be great. And you know, sometimes it's a stretch opportunity. Sometimes you like. I really I'm not gonna do that again. Yeah, and I'm going to make sure I let them know and to give them that feedback. But other times you're like, huh actually kind of did better than I thought and that's good. And so I Got the job offer a week later. And so I still had a like a three weeks left of school and I could not believe it because I was home for Thanksgiving break and the Monday of Thanksgiving break. I got a call from one of the principles offering me the job and who I was just blown away because first of all, I was like, okay, I am a first-generation college student. I am a Latino immigrant. Yes, and like I am 22 years old or 21 years old at that point. I think 20. I'm not sure it's not That fucking guy man. I was just like and I have a job before graduation. Yeah, I was like this this stuff only happens in movies. This is not happen to like people like me. This isn't happened to just to just even if it's like women in general or just young kids who don't have like that wealth and upbringing to like be groomed into just being used to like, oh, yeah, you have that job offer like, you know from so and so and so that what I cried honestly did I cried and my mom was actually at like a doctor's appointment for like Health issues and so like it was already just like high emotions and I remember like I walked up with matter like they offered me the job and we were both crying in the doctor's office and then luckily thankfully like the news that we got the doctor's office. That day was also positive like oh, that's a great day. Yeah, it was and I graduated three weeks later. And so that itself the graduation was absolutely beautiful because I had been working towards that goal since like I can remember and like that was like my ultimate long-term goal like everything I had done. At that moment up to that moment was to be the first in my family to graduate college and having my mom there having my stepdad there who has been such a phenomenal person and just like a testament to change and the power that like self-will can have on like wanting to be different and wanting to improve themselves and so shout out he's amazing. I love him to death and he was there and just to get the opportunity to have him share that moment with you and share that with my family and like be like you You are a part of our family like there's no if ands or buts. My sister wasn't able to make it because she had just gotten back from boot camp. And so all that all stuff. She had no no control over her right at this point right now, but I knew she wanted to I knew she wanted to and she was kind of sad that she didn't but um, she was able to be there for like my like birthday celebration graduation party / going away party my birthday back home in the bay. And so it was just really nice and it was just such an accomplishment. Honestly, like I to this day, it's still something that I think back on it. I look at pictures. I'm like, wow. Yeah, all that hard work all that like mental stress that honestly probably shouldn't have happened and I should have taken care of myself a lot better knowing that in that moment, but not knowing it in that moment. But now it's for sure an accomplishment that no one can take away from me. I know it means more possibly to like first-time students and to people who like have parents have already gone to college or who that's just normal like it was expected like it wasn't That was like just a possibility was like no like you're going to college and like that's it because like why wouldn't you and for me? It was just like financially that was a huge indicator of where I was even going to choose to go to college. Yep. And so the school that I went to gave me the most financial aid and was able to like allow me to graduate with the least amount of debt as well. And so for that I'm thankful of that school and like the friends that I've met and after that I literally three weeks after I graduated I moved here. That's when the Kansas City. I bought my first one way ticket and that was such a weird feeling and I like honestly it was I was like on Southwest it was like, okay like doing laundry and I'm like wait. No. Yeah, I'm not coming back because I'm like, okay like this like, this is your decision. This is the first thing you're doing like for yourself. Yeah, absolutely for to settle not for Mom not for sister and not for like future plans like prefer you in the moment right now. Yeah. This is what you are doing for yourself that Huge transition here. I remember the first weekend. I was here. There was a huge snowstorm that knocked the power out. Oh my God. That was my first weekend in Kansas City and I live in my apartment because I was like waiting to move in and so I was living with like a family who work at the school and so they were like out that weekend and then I was like at their home and then I didn't realize the power had gone out until maybe like two hours later where I started feeling like a lot colder like oh nothing. I went to the fridge and the light's not on I went to the microwave. Okay, that's not working. And then I ended up calling him like I think. Good to know I never like nope. That would be the moment where I'm like, I'm buy my ticket back to California. Glad you're still here. Yeah. Yeah the year and a couple of months a year and two months. I've been here now and I can't believe it's been that I know it's like wow. Yeah. I feel like you've been here forever. That's crazy. Even a year. I came to January 4th 2019. Yeah, and it's what is it is yeah 2020 which is insane. So yeah, that's that's what I do. I teach sixth grade. Yeah, um English language arts and writing reading all that fun stuff. We just got done with our like a gnat testing which is like a standardized testing that we do and now we're just pretty much getting all of our lessons towards map. Yep, which is just the general like, Missouri aptitude placement test. And so though, I do not like teaching to the test. It is a part of my job and I have to do it. but still I can find ways to maintain the relationship and maintain the like Cultural understanding of like where my students are coming from and like how these tests affect them. Yeah, even though this is like something that's necessary that you have I have to do and they have to learn how to like pretty much like work the system and learn learn learn how to like my slave play the part because that's sadly like one of the like measures of success like when it comes to like college like if you don't have a Hyatt sat or ACT score, you're not going to get as much financial aid, or you're not going to be considered for the application. So it's like sadly like teaching our students. I like this is like They went like a racist test and this is something that's going to discriminate you right off the bat because the like examples that they put her like the stories that they have in there. The people that they mentioned is just like My kids don't know like what like a like a steamboat like is because now they don't use that they live in the city like, yep. There's just like they know buses. They know like trains. They know bikes they know, you know, like uber now and like last time all that stuff but it's like, you know cul-de-sacs and and I call that's just like small words. I thought that you really don't think of but it's just like, okay really depending on where you grew up and where you come from what your like vocabulary like extension is from such a young age. It's just it's all determined by like your socioeconomic status. Zip code. You're in where? You grew up the time period you grew up and you have one or two parents like all that stuff. And so making sure that they know it's like you guys I'm teaching you how to play the system right now. Like this is what you got to do to be successful according to these standards, but that doesn't mean that if you fail this, you're a failure like no like you are like successful regardless. It was like do well on this I've test or not because like this test is like BS to get with but you got to do it. So let's teach you how to do it correctly. Well, that's what I love about. That's why I wanted you on this podcast and that's what the other guests too. Two is like just beat we're honestly talking about what it's like to be a person of color in the midwest in Kansas City because I think a lot of people just take for granted that oh, everybody has it this way, you know, we're all the same and this capacity and just because you moved out to a suburb area for a better life. That doesn't mean that you're not facing the in the school. You're not facing the same types of things that are happening everywhere. Yeah. So I love that you said that because I think even with my own kids that comes into play as well and it can In use so what do you because first I want to say that your school. And the first time I saw you at the Hispanic Heritage Month, which you guys honored me which was like football when I was sitting there. I have never been a part of a community in a school setting where the cultures of everyone were celebrated and everybody was engaged. There was not one person in there. That was like, oh my God this This sucks, you know our stuff, you know, they're horrible and everybody was involved in. I wish like my own kids could experience that and I hate that they don't and that's why we need teachers that represent our kids and their backgrounds and empathize with them because if not weird, they are losing such a huge part on and access is becoming limited and limited the more that they get tired Magic. Because even for my own kids just finding scholarships like yeah, and I reached out to Hispanic Development Fund. Like I'm just trying to figure out like I don't even know how to do that. Yeah, and I can start no and that's why Michaels teach my kids how to do that. If I don't even know how to do him. So tell me what your hope is for your students what you hope for even being a Latina teacher for here in Kansas City in the Midwest and like now yeah, I love my kids. I just I they're like they're amazing. By the way, that's like I should be giving you I should be asking you why they came back to class like touched her hand. So they were ecstatic and they loved it. That was also the first time that they had seen me or pretty much my colleagues and just all the entire School seen me do anything like that like forwardly cultural I guess because like, I mean, I wear my Hoops every day like I speak Spanish and like, you know, I my name I make sure everybody's pronouncing that correctly. I like that so like just little things but it's like that was such a vulnerable moment because one like I had been dancing Folklorico since six since I was six years old, so that's like a deeply rooted like part of me like that's how I connect like even on a deeper level with like my culture and like with my mom. Like it's just like a such an intertwined thing that I was like, okay, I'm going to show this to everybody and there's a possibility that like they could hate it or like and I'm like and that's going to hurt the most because like if some it's like one of my students are just like oh like you speak funny or some like that was like that like as finds whatever like I don't like. Yeah, I don't take it too hard. But like that is such a big part of who I am and I was like if they say something about them like I'm gonna probably be hurt and I have to not but obviously that was not the reaction that I got coworkers like everything that is number just like you had the biggest fan club like you it would add it was like this is what I want for my kids and I tell them this I try to show them this and tell him this every single day but But I want them to feel confident and proud enough of who they are and realize that they have everything that they need inside of them that they just need to like Pony and bring it out like that. They're not lacking anything or need to like do the certain thing or go to the certain place or talk to certain way or looked a certain way to like be there or to be successful to meet whatever level of criteria they're trying to and so like some of my kids like they they just when they get frustrated Just like give up and they shut down and whether it's because something's hard or whether it's because it's unfamiliar or because it really like pushing some buttons or they're just like I don't agree with that. Like why do we have to do it? I just like half I always tell them I'm just like hey, I'm not going to let you fail not going to let you not try like this is not an option right now and for some of my students who like I know more about and I know that their upbringing and just like just what they have to do with argon the daily. I'm just like sadly like we have to do a lot more and we can't afford to give up right now. Like we can't afford to play into like these stereotypes like you can sulk a little bit you can like, you know be in your computer. You can be in your anger. You can be in your sadness for like a minute right now, but you have to bounce back because like for some of us, this is our only way out. Yeah and like especially for some of like for myself like education like, I don't know how else I would have like, I guess I kind of like quote gone like gone out or like got out of the situation I was in Education, right? Like I'm not like artistic per se to where I could like like, you know, get some sort of just like art or something like that or like, you know, put my art out there like I'd be like, I don't have that. I like per se or kind of how I treat ya like a comic strip the hours just like I'm not musically talented or whatever. So it's just like education. Was it for me and like I needed to be successful like even in the moments where I physically could not and like my sophomore and my junior year were the most absolutely horrible years of my life because I was constantly in a State of just like depression anxiety. I had like panic attacks on The Daily like it was just like too much to the point where I was pushing myself so hard to get to this point and my excuse was like when I'm done when I'm graduated, like I'll have time to rest like I can't afford to not try right now because my mom is is like it is over there just like literally working three or four jobs that I pay rent and I'm like and I'm over here like having this opportunity like I have scholarships that I have to maintain. I have expectations that like not just like personal but Early cultural like back home. Like I have to make my like Hometown proud and feels like I can't I can't give up like I just can't and that's like the biggest story I think for us as Latinos, especially our families are so strong and they fight for everything and you almost feel like you're not doing enough because your parents and stuff fought so hard. Yeah. I was definitely right there and when you fail or you feel like you very old it in their eyes are like, oh my God, you have gone beyond. She was bawling the entire time that you're able to know that you're giving that to your kids. Yeah. Self with my students then like with my co-workers even and I know that's something that I've been working on that something that I've been like working to just kind of like breakdown in myself is that I think going to Kaufman at such like a young age straight out of college and like with no traditional teaching experience. Like I didn't go to like I don't have like a master's in teaching or I didn't like going to teach her college and I think that like I have taught in the summer at like teacher prep programs, but it's like that's that's that's it. Like I don't have any tradition like I didn't take any classes pretty much. And so all the teaching that I know is is that culturally responsive based on the programs that I was a part of and so that was the first time I ever felt like imposter syndrome in the sense of like my age. Yeah, like I felt imposter syndrome like going to like college but like I quickly was just like not like I deserve this like I put in the work like I need to like I'm I'm here because I'm here not because nothing else will like that quickly was like kind of like but over but at Kauffman and I was just such talented Educators and so knowledgeable. And experience that I was like I like who am I to like even give feedback to somebody who am I to even like suggest something? Like if it's working then like obviously it's working for a reason. And so that was the first time that I've ever felt like, okay like not because someone made me feel that way but just because of just the environment and what I was seeing and what I knew I wanted to Aspire to but the work that I knew I had to put in from like this moment to get there. It just felt like such a longer Road for some reason and I was like wolf and the first couple months. I remember I was like I don't feel like I can like teach these kids well enough like I feel like they deserve better or something like that. And I'm just like I'm not going to get there and it was it was it was really a conscious and like sort of just like a type of awareness that I had to have with myself every single day every single minute to be like no like we're not going to think that way Ryan you were recruited to like teacher for a reason they saw something in you they heard something in you and they wanted you here in like you're getting the training to eventually get to the point that you feel. Confident in class that you feel like you can take on a whole classroom by yourself and be successful at it and like not let your kids down in whatever way you think you are. Yeah academically or not. And so the training that I had like had in the training that I continuously have in school at my job is been such so beneficial for me. Honestly, like I'm like a better teacher every single day because of my kids and for my kids and because of my co-workers honesty to because like at least like the the team that I work with like Sixth grade team we are very close and we are constantly looking for ways to improve ourselves and just yesterday. We had like a PD on like some pretty difficult conversations that we had to have with each other regarding kind of just like morale and like how we were functioning as a team. Um, and so I just even sitting there and like hearing everybody's concerns and having them feel comfortable to voice them aloud and it was some things that we know we just didn't want to hear and do is they're hard to hear and Like in order to have an effective team you have to have those conversations you have to be willing to possibly be the one to like rip the Band-Aid off and be like, hey, like we're struggling with this and we're messing up with this and this is bleeding into the relationships were having with their kids and the culture that is in our classroom. Yeah, so we need to get our stuff together so that they can get their stuff together. Like we need to confront it because we're the adults in the room. We have to be the example in the room and if we're not okay lot of expect them to be. Okay, like if we're not dealing with this head-on, how do we expect them to deal with their conflicts and their emotions head-on like we are the prime samples, and so I am very thankful for the team that I am on and I'm very thankful for the like openness that they have and they're just like they're such a cool team like I love them between and they for sure taking me in like as like their own like they were super excited like when I was placed in the sixth grade Team all the only yes, I want them to know that they have all that they need inside of them and that No matter how messed up this world is like they just have to know in the back of their head that they can't afford to to like stop and to give up but that also like knowing that like mental health is something that I'm just like recently getting into but the problem with in the past like for years that is just just as necessary like yeah cannot continue the fight that you're on if you're mentally like breaking down every single day. Well absolutely under the stress under the pressure of your own self is like you cannot function. Well, if you're not taking care of who you are if that means Taking a self-care day at that means like sleeping if that means going on medication. Yeah, whatever that is. Like it's just so many stigmas within the Latino community and with even like within like the black community. I think just like within communities of color and Indigenous communities. It's something that is so taboo. Yes something that is just like, oh like you're going to therapy like does local like you're crazy and like, you know, it's like when you don't need pills to help you with anything or my favorite one, I just pray about it. I know yes and I know they mean well and I know that like, you know, it's just they're playing. Off of their own biases, they're playing off of their own just understanding but it's just it's so it does the opposite of what they're trying to do. It just breaks them down even more just like I can't talk to you about these things now like I trusted you and I opened up about like something and it's just like you just told me to kind of like whisk it away like it's nothing but it's like no it's for some of us like a really deep chemical imbalance that we like have to like get medication for it to fix. It's like if you have a headache you're obviously going to take medicine. Yeah, you have cancer you're going to do everything that you can to get rid of it. Like why wouldn't your mental health be the same because it's a Affecting him in the same way, you're not able to do your job correctly. You're not able to feel like yourself. You're not able to be your best in to reach your full potential. If you're constantly having anxiety attacks are constantly having like these like suicidal ideation thoughts and it's just like it's a difficult thing to confront for yourself. I think and then to tell others. Yeah because personally for me like I am I'm such an independent person to the point where I've had to learn how to ask for help and I'm thankful that like that Journey started before college and And because if it hadn't I don't not right position, but it's I think with like we're just like women of color and like black women and Indigenous women in general. We have like constantly had to be like the backbone of our like families or communities or friend groups or whatever situation or group that we're in that our like well-being and our mental sanity in our physical health has always kind of been on the back burner and we had to be that strength you had to be that like fire. That is like lit everybody else. But like where's our own and so yeah, it's something that is revolutionary thing to like take care of yourself to be like no. I'm actually not going to do that because I can't and I'm going to say no. Yeah and you're going to feel bad but that's not what I'm taking care of myself. Yes. Oh not gonna compromise anymore. Oh and moving to Kansas City was like Ugh a revolutionary act for me because to that point I was doing everything for everybody else. Yeah unknowingly, but math me with like no, but like it's my My accomplishment but like why are you doing it? Like you're doing it to like please like your family doing it to like not let them down you're doing it to like make sure that like this program that you're a part of was successful at that produced like this like product or whatever. It's like but hey, you're not a product. You're a human being you are a person you breathe you have ups and downs. I love all the support. I'm so thankful for all the support and all of just the tireless, like people who have like work in my life to get me to where I actually like other financial help or To help or emotional or just like a place to stay and stuff like that. It's I'm so thankful for that. But it's also just like I know that I need to like make those decisions for myself knowledge. What is going to be best for to settle what is going to be best for like, you know, my mind my heart my health and a lot of decisions that I would have made like otherwise like now with that lens in mind. They're like so different like it's not even an option. Like, why would I put myself through that again? It's like, oh my God like you were struggling Girl, so tell me just a little bit like so is their mentors that you had or even an organization that you worked with like it sounds like you had a lot of you know support that you want to call out the other people might be able to reach out to or even get in contact with. Oh, yeah. So I thrive on mentorship like that's just something that yeah. I think it's for like yeah like a young age like even if it was like unofficial Looking Back Now. Like all for sure. That was a messy. Yeah, for sure. My first Mentor for someone was like my mother day of like love her to death She's a phenomenal woman. She is my rock my life like it for the longest time. It was just like my mom and my sister and I so she was a single parent for the longest time and she is the most badass woman I've ever met and I'm just like I only strive to be half as I could because what happened stronger because like everything that you are like at that point in my life and she has come A long way with her confidence as well. And I think like that's also like been a part of just like my journey. She was just like okay like my moms giving so much to me. So like now I have to make sure she's good. Yeah, I have to make sure she's feeling herself and she's you know happy and like smiling and doing things for herself and you know, not afraid to go somewhere alone or eat something or try something new or because like you had a significant day. Exactly. So you're not giving her the light have you know, High pep talks and stuff like that. I'm for sure - I'm just like you're giving back and that's the thing that you you reach back and you're like, I'm going to help my mom now. Yeah. Yeah absolutely for sure deserve that and so but like other like academic mentors for sure through breakthrough might like to mentors who like I loved this day and like they have been such instrumental women. Just my own growth, especially in like a professional World long. They were probably the first to like Latina women who like I met who had gone to college. Yeah, and one of them currently to this day is like Single Living her best. I've just bought a home in San Jose and so like if you like to buy a home anywhere in the bear. Yeah. I like John have money. Yes, girl. She taught me how to budget. She taught me how to be like financially Savvy and like shout out to Jessica Wenzel and then Tina she's more of a kind of the mom figure but she like was like the first person who was like this woman was like a mother successful and like has like a college degree and she like Works to like help kids. Yeah wants to be in her life and she's just great. And so Tina she worked with breakthrough for 16 years. Wow, and now she's currently working. I think I can admissions at a private school in San Jose. And so that was for her to make that big jump like after that long it took her a lot because I think if she loved breakthrough, but I'm so proud of her for making that decision because like, you know, She still is like ultimately grown woman like she deserves to make to make those changes that she needs to and keep driving in her life keeping successful in pushing forward and so back home. Like those are my like two women and then ink throughout College. I met this absolutely phenomenal woman named Stephanie Castellanos, and she is I think one of the people who has pushed me mentally the most to not be ashamed of like the hustle and to hone my cultural capital which pretty much is like everything that like all the lived experiences that you've grown up with like your slang your just knowledge of like your community and I like your hood and stuff like that and to flip that and and instead of saying like, oh, I don't have anything to put on my resume that is like internship worthy, but it's just like You translated for your parents. So it's just like you now have you know, like customer service skills. You consistently were like tutoring friends or do tutoring family members or like doing all these things. It's like know so like you have like interpersonal skills. That's when you're putting on your resume flipping that and like flipping the narrative for yourself and be like no. No, you're not helping yourself. Yeah, you have all those skills and more not just because you didn't have like the official like you didn't have a job that you worked at that gave you this like no like your life Gap skills. So you're going to put that on their resume and when they ask you you can flip it around. A little bit like yeah. Oh, yeah, but like you're not lying but almost like this is it's just a different way to obtain those skills and she currently works with Foster America now and she has like her own like collaborative took push teachers of color maintaining them in the classroom. And so that's like kind of like where our work started together as I like. I helped her run her workshops and like I invited her to like my school my college to like do one of the workshops for our are left. All Student Association and like she is like a UCLA Alum. She's like an Englewood made him like she is just like straight-up. She was like, you know, I'm just like I'm from the hood, but it's also be like gentrified up to this point with like the stadium and just everything and so she I think has been the like what I like the perfect example, like what I strive to be is just like the modern like Latina like women like living in the United States growing up in the states. And so I am so thankful for just like the bank of knowledge that this woman has is absolutely extraordinary and her drive and her passion for life. And for others is commendable and so I'm thankful that I've had her in my life and then just like my best friends like Gotti and Jennifer like they're about to have your girl. Yes. Yes. Addiction like patients and clients and stuff like that who are struggling and I think kind of going to and from either transitioning from jail or like trying not to let go back and just have time to get their life like on the correct path. And so and then my friend from like at the first friend that I made in San Jose Jennifer she is a strong strong woman and we like related on so many levels and she is about to graduate UC Davis in 2020. And so I'm like girl you did it. Like she she flew on a plane for the first time to my graduation. I got my girl. I'm going to go all the way over there. um, she is she is undocumented and Mike and I say this because she like like allows me to and like it's not just like kind of like I'm covering it but like being on that guy and still being so successful and like carrying your family and caring your own self and she is like the most confident woman I've ever honestly like she is that I've had honestly most of like just the women in my life have been more uplifting and I know that's not the case for a lot of people and like the majority of people in just like life and so I clean heavily to that. Yeah, and I just tried to be that woman in that person and everybody else's life and everybody else who I teach and the first students who I ever taught are graduating high school - so I'm like wow. First of all, that's been a man named like when I taught them they were Rising 7th or 8th graders. So they were barely like going to 7th or 8th grade and now they're graduating high school. And so it's like why I've come a long way with them and like it's still weird to like not weird is the correct word, but it's humbling to know that like, they're posting there. They're like college acceptances and I'm like, I'm so proud of you and then some of them are just like you I've actually look up to you and like, you know, like I'm so like thankful that like you were like my teacher and like yeah. Like, you know, like you're like someone who like I want to be like and I'm just like, oh my God my students and I'm just consistently learning from them every single day. Not just like, you know pop culture things like they're teaching me how to the Renegade a mom and everything like that how to be more patient with them. Just live more with just like happiness and just kind of like Carefree in a way but like responsibly obviously and right it's I think it's it's it's not a good thing to go into like a profession like that thinking that like you have the ultimate like say so or Bank of knowledge that you can't learn anything from whatever but like kids like they they will tell you the truth, especially middle schools at this point. Like they have the little fairy right and sometimes do you know they're These are push just a little bit. I'm just like what's on but that is not the moment to live in such a different time even then like when I grew up which is so weird to think of because it's like phones have been always been a thing for them Snapchat and Instagram and all these social media things have always been a thing for them and like I grew up like first time I got my face was like fifth grade and yeah, then like if turn over to Facebook and so I guess I'm kind of like the generation where like Facebook was like barely lots of me and so like Facebook for us is like, oh yes, of course like that like sharing popcorn for like families, but for them, it's like oh that's for old people. Appreciate things happen for a reason for me. I always feel like that. Yeah things work out and I just feel like there's something so much I get to watch from you and learn from you. That's exactly what I've been doing. So I just appreciate you being here and like telling your story and being honest about it and you know, it's not easy always but you need to hear it because there's so many like I've learned myself is just so many people that have almost the same kind of story and you don't get to hear that. Yeah a lot of people yeah. Is there anything that you want to tell the community like anything that we missed? Anything that you just want to be like I need to talk about this like I just want to say this. Yeah, I think One of the first things on my mind is that like coming to Kansas City and not being surrounded by the same type of community Latino community that I'm used to in California was like a big shocker for me and it was like a kind of like a culture shock I think in a way because Allah everywhere San Jose everywhere and it's just like I didn't have to go far to like see even a billboard in Spanish or even like street names like this at Travis or like a park or something or like a little kid at a time. The bullet like it's just those small things where you're like you grew I grew up with and I took for granted and I was like necessary gun doesn't necessarily take for granted, but I just didn't like notice like the lack of until I came here and I'm just like actually never seen like up on it did or anything like yeah, like I don't really see many street names or Billboards even in Spanish. And so when I first moved here, I lived on the KCK side and like Wyandotte and so I like It was just kind of driving around with a nose like oh my God, this is over in Spanish. When I first moved here like 15 minutes away from my job. So I was like, okay cool. Like this is that's all the money I had no idea was on the Kansas side. I had no idea where it was. I'm like, it's 15 minutes away. It has a pool. We're fine. Yeah, like it's just knowing that like, that's where the that's the first place that I like move to and lived in. I'm thankful that it was that because if I I've been like maybe any other part of like Kansas City, Missouri or even like another part of like Kansas. Like I probably wouldn't have liked felt as at home like no matter how like distant it was but it's just like I just the fact of like seeing like a billboard in Spanish like that for some people it's just like, oh it's whatever. I don't know but that that means like we are here where present and we're going ourself know and so to the Latinos of Kansas City, like, you know, we're growing we're 10% right now, but like it's just be happy and be proud of like where you are and like the cold Are you come from whether that's being born here? Whether that's like coming from like a another like methanol that country is just like be happy and be proud and don't be like that other people change you for whatever you do and like, you know, raise up voice. Yeah, you know being loud and Unapologetic and take up space. Yeah, Mom. And so that's like for sure. What I would say is I think another thing would be just the ongoing potential development of the detention. Her that wants to be placed here that for sure when I saw that I was very very angry and we cannot let this happen and so there's a lot of things I think like on Facebook of just hearings and kind of like open talks that people should be going to voice their opinions. I will send you that information so you can play yeah that and the real of the dates and all that. And so I think it's just very important because not just for the Latino Community, but just for any immigrant community in general They're everywhere like that. We exist like everywhere and whether we're like as like vocal or just as like known or in the light is different depending on like what part of the country were at. But if you do not want to see like if you your city participating in such an atrocious and pretty much genocide alas like please go out and voice your opinion in there's like a petition that you can sign as well. They're still in like the the early stages of trying to get like the permit and like to even start the development right if we can stop it there. Like it'll it'll just make such a difference. Because I know that I don't want to looking back in even thinking about it just like when students in the future read about like history and I ask you like what did you do in that moment. It's kind of just like we were reading about like the Holocaust or slavery. It's like what would you have done if I go I would have done this one at than that and like we're literally in that moment and like me as an adult as like an educated at all as like a person who is a naturalized citizen kit and actually has like the privilege to do that without any fear of Of just literally like being ripped away or to our sin away or anything like that. Like I am going to use anything that I can in my power to not let this happen. It's not let this continue spreading and to like shut it down honestly, so you just say that I gave think gives people the access to feel like there's somebody out there who I can lean on who I'm okay, if I do it because it's actually somebody else like me doing that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure. So let's let's let's link up. Let's go. Blown Away by your story I need to have you on again because I can go on for hours and will probably like ever done it but I just love you. I think you're amazing. You're doing phenomenal work in Kansas City. That's why I definitely wanted to have you on here. I want your voice to be raised and there's an event and I know this is going to be airing for longer than just right now, but nuestro boss at UMKC. You're going to be telling your story there. So it's from 1:00 to 3:30 on March 21st. and the Multicultural Center at UMKC and we I'm excited I am thrilled so excited I'm excited for you to meet the other presenters if you don't know them and definitely the community so yeah I'm inviting everybody out the link on there too so thank you for snow thank you so much for having me and I love you so much and I remember the first time I met you I like cries well yeah yeah it gets out there thank you so much okay bye