Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong. Big baby, I don't know what I'm gonna do with my hands. It doesn't matter you can do whatever you want with your hands figure it out. What the hell you want me to do because I haven't been involved in any of So we can inspect it doesn't matter that just like you said it's like a five minute portion of what's going to happen right now. You think that uh-huh and you're gonna make me sad it was gonna do this weekend. Well, we started our festivities are bender on Thursday with that the line night. I mean, I see no - yeah, you are screaming. Why not the door on Snapchat? Okay. Well, that's when we record is its when you had Kilmer on yeah. Yeah guys I fuck. That was a big one. Yeah. Yeah, maybe just biggest podcast you guys had so yeah, we had a John Kilmer other than when I was Is on it last year. Yeah. Yeah, we had John Kilmer on last week and then we celebrated way too fucking hard. I was late to work the next day did not you didn't get fired. No, I sleep through it down. Potato dress that my shot every time I go to the potato. I'm always dressed in my shorts and this time I choose a dress down and I get to cleave he's like, hey, we're going to the the brewery that dish open and I'm like, all right. I'm down. Where did that open up? First of all, Louisville? Okay, is that where we were a lot of hot bitches out in Lewisville and it's fucked up. No, it's not. This is the only sober one and we were we all the beers are gross except for this one is called home. Slice it was like an apple cider beer and it fucked your gut so was all craft beer dude. I took a this is borderline too much information, but I poop the next day and it smelled like apples. It was fucking well, it's so good. It was it wasn't bad. It was five bucks was pretty enjoyable. Honestly, it was really good weird. But are you Brewery went to hot laps. You guys bought me you okay, they tell this fucking nasty ass fucking stripper. I was weird to come give me a lap dance and I'm like some weird shit my all right. I'm not going to fucking turn a lap dance down. This girl's booty hole smelled bro. I could smell the Bo and the booty hole. She had like her whole body in your dick dude her titties were out. That's a legalist. Fuck and where was this at? Wait, what do you mean, but were that's not a strip club strip club. Oh, yeah, but they just have they had dancers dude. You should have seen these motherfuckers on the bar though. I mean on the pole trying trying to fucking pull down. There was a pregnant stripper. Yeah. No, I swear to fucking God and then the one girl just kept rubbing her belly and when yeah, she's she's barbecue sauce all over her face, bro. Where were you so that was barbecue sauce on my titties where the fuck and then what so she gives me this dance and she gets up and I get up. I'm Like thanks and I walk away and they didn't pay for the dance. She comes over and Taps on my shoulders. You say hey honey, I'm gonna need payment for that dance. I said, I'm not fucking paid really great to her face. I said, I'm not paying for that fucking dance other one that ordered it. I said make that basically fucking throw over a fucking 10 and then we love there and we headed to Bud's buds corner, but it's Corner great bar and got fucked up there even more and then me Mackenzie and Shawn head to the Red Dog karaoke red dog right now. The red dog. That's where I blacked out. I bought it Mackenzie has shot and I told the bartender give me a shot of Jack and give her a shot of Jameson because I didn't like Jamieson. Well, they were both Jameson. This was all Friday or Saturday night. This is still Friday. That's just fine because for bar that was four bars at night and then I was fucked I passed down the bar. I was sleeping then went and slip out MacKenzie's car. Fucking shit show woke up with my boots and my hat on. Where did you go that night? I went with you. You took me back here your eye. My alarm was going off in your oh, yeah Kirk was getting fucking livid with me. So and then we wake up Saturday morning and we didn't even know it but it was National Margarita day hashtag Bender. Yeah. It was it was a national Margarita day and we didn't even know it. We're like, hey you want to get fucked up drinks marks? So we went to Massa we got that's what six pictures of Mars. Yeah and then Tunes Then drinking that he said he's like you guys really did a dent in a margarita day. I was like what in the what we didn't even know that bitch then we headed over to you know, what I didn't get a single fucking phone call all day for many because you're a fucking pussy now, you don't drink you're not drinking right now. You're drinking a fucking beer one beer one bar. Did you just fuck it all up? So you're good you're good. And then so we fucking head out of a mess up we head over to Applebee's we get cut off kicked out at Applebee's. Okay, come back here. They're kind of strict on that shit ain't yeah, it's dude three drinks and then I got to come check are there which I said are we allowed to get drunk at Applebee's and she's like, well we have to cut you off. Yeah, that's weird. We have to tell a manager will send out like a regular dining table. Are you? Okay, make sure you were drunk. Had to leave and then so we come back here. We're going to do some karaoke. Again. Matt brings the fucking handle Tito's like seven Bootleggers. That's where Matt got primed up. Matt tried to fight me that night you want in here you're running the free whether he started fucking shoving me and shit because I wouldn't let him hit him hit my vape you got all fucking tuned up. I said, oh it's gonna be a great fucking night and let me tell you it was a great fucking he didn't make it about an hour after that. So after we get primed up here we leave go to spuds. We're there for an hour and a half and Matt stabs was a hundred and not a hundred. It was $60 an hour and a half just doing shots after shots. He was passed out in the Bart's but yeah, I see you got kicked out of Spuds and then he was outside sitting on this chair just shivering bro, like cold as fuck. So I go out there and give them my You Never Know Hoodie, which I still haven't got back. I hope that's here. And so I give him that and he didn't put his arms through the fucking. What are you laughing at? Lupo mommy. Oh, well, I threw that fucking hoodie on him in his arms right in the fucking in the orange. So he was in like a straitjacket. Well, he was sitting there bending over he fell out of the chair and he couldn't catch himself. I'm guessing and his split his fucking head open. Oh, that's how he got the shit on. Yeah skid marks again fired up. Honestly. I thought it looked like it looked like he was running or something and she just took a faceplant like that's Matt is how many beers you got over there. Matt is the The Zane of our friend group there. Yeah for sure. You're familiar with the David dobrik Vlogs. And so we me and Shawn still thought he was outside. And at this point, I've already carried MacKenzie out because she did way too many shots. Her legs were not fucking working. They weren't there. He tried to seven up on the bar stool fucking legs gave out. Thank God. I was sitting there holding her I could have the bar in the kitchen. We found Matt laying down with his head in a bucket his head in a bucket. His shoes were off laying down on the kitchen floor rough shape. Bad day bad news. She was really funny though. You guys are early on Saturday. You still have a whole cycle? Yeah, we forgot about so what's they all got we didn't live up to that story is cools. It was because you guys are fucking talking the whole time. I got the fucking you read just keep talking. I have the power of editing and yeah, so they all get fucking sent home and We wake up the next day and we're like so you stayed there. I stayed there after the weight. I closed it down. I have a question then because I obviously watched all the Snapchats you went outside looking outside looking in where the fuck were you guys at when Matt was literally outside of the car puking every that was at spuds. I was a sponge. Yes. Yeah that looks like a burn all over all my God. Yeah, and I hope that buddy guys, okay. When I see him doing fucking shots of Jameson, I was like, oh, I can't wait. It's Gonna Get Loud. And then the ambulance came. Yeah, then the endless fucking rolled by idea. How much shit bricks I've seen the angel. Yeah, the your face your face. Holy fuck back to back nights because if you were with us, are you proud of this finite when we got back to my house? He was are you guys even at the Red Dog Friday night? I'll fuck. I was already checked out. I took way too many BB shots. Yeah, and then you bought me one actually. I do remember that. You bought me be shot. They're good. And then BB is garbage. Yes - my grandpa taught me how to drink Black Velvet Blackwell. Wooden eggs, brother. Oh, yeah and speaking about the same night Saturday night are one of our good friends Serena knocked the fuck out of shot. My brother. Yeah, almost broke his fucking nose. Just start punching the fuck out of you why I don't know you like poked her in the forehead. Yeah. She just function dude Haymaker. Wow. Is no oh my God. Yeah, and then I was coming over the popcorn gave him the bop bop 3000 I was if I can comfort her in the hall and she didn't let them for like three months to get to that point and she's been living for years all my I'm saying like she's just was ready to suck somebody and then we wake up and we're going to Top Golf on Sunday head up to Top Golf fucking spent way too much money on can't express this enough Bender every yeah. Those are it was more than banderite you guys want us? We I've been involved in some vendors. I think this was like I was honestly upset. Yeah this I was just like a everything went like she likes normal Bender you just fucking drink but we have like a lot of fun along. I was very upset. I had to work Friday and then I had to go to a family game night Saturday in the whole time. I just watched Snapchats and I was sad, we basically I was just like you guys are so many different places that so many dude. Guess how much money I spent that weekend. Don't you want to spend like me and Sean both like $300 a pop? That's what we can buy the owners one glad the whole the whole tab of top golfers four hundred and ten dollars. Yeah. We were there for four fucking hours. Just quickly say yeah, we bought some bohm's some boobs about some Jager bombs. Are we we haven't talked about this yet. Did you think that we were all paying for the beer and then you were just like, oh they all bought the beer so I'll get shot. Is that what you were thinking of the spot? All right. Well since I did that I might as well spend some money. I'm out on the way home. We had like a finger. Fuck my belly button everything what dude I haven't even on Bumble. I have so many videos on my phone from that ride home. Dude. I lost my voice from that ride home. We were fucking wildin out. I can't even tell you the last time I saw him one-on-one and we sung it what three times three times in a row literally three different snapchats of the same song. Yeah. I know. Are you really putting this thing like a creepy if he is? Yeah, and then we wake up Monday and I send a video of Matt. Drooling all over himself to John Kilmer and he threw it up in the Y NK podcast in certain we have the best fans. Wait. What? Yeah, he threw it up on the wine. Kapok as he said we have the best. No, he said the best fan who said that John Keller. Yeah, when they put it on the wine Kay podcast page us this the last all the on a page. Okay, as I say ìlisten the last podcast. I know by the way, that was a job Kilmer. You're the man that that's wild like just like how everything is. This is cool like Says month to I think it was cool because like like kind of John Kilmer he kind of have that thing. He's like, I'm not really a celebrity but like to us are you talking about our podcast? Yeah our but like to us like he is a slap. Oh, yeah, he's dead and he is inside because like the way I look at it is like Mike started him have been in her life. So long likes having someone like him as like, oh my God. He's like, I'm not really celebrity no real. I know you were like bigger than you think. Yeah. Lyra is Wilder so he we've been listen. We've been like a part of kind of their their path of Life are taken since sophomore year. Oh, yeah. I remember Listen to I remember John regular John Ringo Nuit. They are the ones that introduced us and were like do these guys like Mike studs the man and then I because he did all remix. At that point I'm gonna like strictly. Yeah strictly remixes and then only one CollegeHumor college humor and we'll cause yeah John Keller came along and then one on the the mics thud videos were just the touring is boring and you kept saying it was the angles dude. You're so right under the skirt. Gravity's pulling boobies out. Awesome. She was eating try. No, he's just laying on the ground like Kilmer's the wildest man I've ever even liked the fact the fact of them during your pockets. He said let's talk about sex. Like if you just just tells you like what kind of Like so open and he's so acceptable to everything when we eat it. What like before we started recording our conversation. I would yeah I said I'm like I was like listen like he's like, well, what's your guys talking about? What do you talk about? What you do? I was like, well, we're kind of like, you know, we talk about like the small town things and the things we do that whatever and then I said I was like I said, but we talk about sex entirely too much and he said he's like awesome. I love to talk about sex. I thought he said he's at awesome. I honestly I feel like Take a trip to California just to see because the okay if you listen to my stuff pocket as he always says he says a thousand times like the people there are just different. I wonder how we are around those sore thumb. Yeah, like I really wonder if like, he's like all they accept everybody. Will they? I don't know. It's hard to hear differently. We are very different people think I could afford the drinks out there you cut I mean if you mean I guess we go ahead of you think I could have floor afford the flight out. Yeah, fuck it will drive it take the fuck. We I went to Vegas and I'm not worried. I'm just waiting for let's come to Let's weld the focuses together the try to be like you take over and then once find runs out of gas as well us for like a minivan boss for a couple hundred miles and then cut them off will fill them both of then I'll push double gas man. You need we need to figure out a way to face post Malone and Mike started a beer pong contest you mean I hope you're probably right beer bong. No That'd Be My Life beer pong because they have that belt. I think we could get the Ballina cut. I think we can win do when they first came out with that the Ballina cup. I'm like what the fuck does that mean? And I listened like the next podcast is like ball in a cup. Wow, but I think we could win it. I think we could compete I think we can well, I think we can they're like professional beer pong players manual don't mean you don't one point would literally go they don't are not. That's all they do. I'm saying that me. Okay meishan, literally we used to go to party at the party and just run to the point literally was just beyond a table stop playing beer pong because we what we couldn't get off of it. All right that I go for like 10 games and I'm done and I'm tapped like me Sean worth at one point. We are like winning everything because I mean I had three tables I might like at the campers like we Derek jumped off the fucking yell at the fucker. No, he didn't he was going to him not to his Hundred Acre that fell off of it though. Ginger said he fell off the back of it zandro fell off the back of it to will consider the let not the top top. That's yeah. Whoa, just like the Napier Napier felt the top because he was trying to get down the ladder and he put the grab the ladder and it it can be found in a briar but I remember that now because I had to pull his ass out was wild. Like it was slow motion too because you're watching and you're like, oh shit, he's going he's just goes guys guys guys guys, when I wish I could have been there is one of them things I'd like it's hard to even explain how it is saying if you guys don't understand I don't even understand and I was there I understand how it was like the fact that we are even capable of doing. How does the fact is is how to like if we have kids in the future how the Fuck do. We tell them that they don't know and they go let's do not cast. Yeah, we're what it is out of here. Right? Isn't that weird to think about what some day our kids are gonna be able to listen to this shit. Now, the internet will be gone by there. We terminated was just sad, I'm really upset. Listen Jeremy. I'm sorry. It's my fault. That's what that's why Gifford. You just got it. You just go fuck family. Sometimes know what? Nautica up and go fuck yourself, but that's this whole God's water thing is pretty sweet. What are you talking about beer? And I hear On Ice. I'm a big fan big fan. Let me taste like ASMR. Let me taste it's just beard that that's cold. I'm not have bail eyes though. It's the same but I guess what was your question again abortion pro-choice or pro-life why we're talking about abortion. Yeah, that's kind of like that's what about that's different though. There's so much different sort of jamming your new. There's so much that goes into that. We're all right, we're all dude. So it doesn't really fucking matter what I'm pro-choice. I mean, I guess at the end of the day I am. Yeah, but if you if you're not kucik up here, he doesn't want the kid. You don't fucking out I said, it's on Twitter and I completely agree with it. If she decides to have the kid then the guy should decide if you want to pay child support. No, yeah 100 percent if she is dead set on having the kid. That's her choice to have the kid. It should be the guys choice if he pays child support or not. Yeah, but the same time like I get that but you're not having like Lego man that you made the baby, but you're not the one birthing the fucking thing like yeah. No I disagree with what you're saying. Yeah, like you're Burt. She's nursing the child. What if it's a one-time hook up. It doesn't understand you shouldn't have came inside her you show fucking War protection condom breaks. I couldn't help it about a better kind of I couldn't I couldn't help it on embracing parallel manner. I can't believe I'm getting fucking cornered right? You're not getting caught. It's just like you can't that says you can't okay. There's nothing you can do. Don't do it. Okay, even like yeah, there's nothing you can do but it's nothing it's fair that the guy should get a choice. Okay, here's what at the same time. I'm Nate when it comes down to single parents whose more single pair the pair the dad or the mom. Let me spit ball this at you real fast. You get pulled over by the police. Okay, fuck the police. They say you're speeding. Yes, and you say no I'm not so then do you not get a ticket? Because you said it has nothing to To do how do you figure that's a fucking ticket? We're talking about a child. Exactly. Yeah, it was money a child because you because you were speeding you get a ticket because you were fucking unprotected you get a baby. You can fix that with $50 in one pill exactly. Now then this is the this whole you're not pro-life. Yeah. No, I'm pro-choice. What's this life is like that you got to have the choices you get to decide not to have the kid. Okay? Yeah, but I okay. Yeah, I read the bio and educated. We're it's what it is the store get educated on the time just before you do. I just don't think no that's it. I just forget it on Twitter Twitter is not the thing to read. I'm sorry fucking leaving now. It's okay TJ clocking out. You can't handle the heat get out of the kitchen. I love he this is what I wanted. They both got good. They both got good times lights are on but nobody's are you doing out of one fucking beer? He's had four. Holy shit. You guys listen to that involves any political stuff. They all talk. I listen to Mike Bloomberg the podcast might Bloom you involve yourself in both Wonder saying I kids. Has he is both. Yeah, he has both sides, which is great. That's why I like this. You do not listen to Joe Rogan what he said. Listen to Joe Rogan a big mad. What? Oh, he's big compared to just a big. I know Cody don't because he don't listen to her own podcast just avoid type conversation. You're getting an asshat. I'll give them with you. It makes you feel better. We did come up with a compromise though face that I do gotta get a tattoo. No, you're going to get you're going to get like just it doesn't have to be Matt's face. It can be like just a regular. Your smile. Okay, and then just with the one of the front teeth missing and then right above it. They'll just say Roots. That's what I was supposed to be the first you know, but it doesn't have to be man's fucking I feel like Matt doesn't be as Grill like Matt's face though. You have to go to a good artist to spend a lot of money when it's just got that was just supposed to be supposed to be a smile with the tooth missing. I want to get this. What is the what is the bachelor my God, he'll explain it. Yeah, but that's the whole point that yeah. Tell me that all right. Yeah, she can we get her bike was a fucking badge was a bunch of fuck. Do you see what here would they did it Chase Rice goddamn. Fuck that was so fucked up. Imagine. I got big mad. I have Maddie big problem with the bachelor the whole the whole set up all of it. It's a bunch of bullshit. They fuck everybody. It's all bullshit. They lie cheat or trying to find out if they're trying to find their significant other but you know, what sniffing? Oh, there's fucking over Chase Rice. I'm mad at me. It's that's unrealistic expectation. Explain. Whatever. No, explain to me. What the bachelor is. You got one good speed dating got one. No, you got one fucking guy that goes on with 20 chicks can interested it is I was ho no, I can't stand that in real life like was just like dating around like trying but it's not real life fucking chicks would lose their marbles. It was not real life. It's reality. If you I get where you're coming and t-take care costs 80 Days TJ TJ single. He's talking to eight different girls at a time. He's trying to figure out which one he wants to date. It's many of the other ones found out of this. Yeah, like real life. Your there's they would all fucking but that's the great thing about the show because they still are pissed like they know about it, but they're mad about it. Yeah, it's fucking the big mad. Well time. What's the real good show you just watch the X Games and call it a day. I'm the real good to you and you to watch his love Island. Welcome back to Laura thielen. Oh my god, dude. That shit fucking good. What was that? Like one on Cartoon Network. That was Total Drama Island. She was one of the girls from I want the whole thing on there like that kid. No one Canadian get one of the girls from love Island. And fucking committed suicide. Oh, that's a great thing to say that's deep. Yeah, that's sad. It is really sad rest in peace. I don't ruin it. But who told this girl from love Island she was The cameras are rolling. Yeah, unauthentic. It's Yankees shit. Have you seen the circle yet on Netflix know I've been on Gossip Girl that she's coming up. Dude the circle so good. It's not good dude. I sailaja terrible. What do you mean? That was they just fucking with each other? That's cool. Dude was literally acting like his girlfriend for like dude. I got this. Is he still doing that or is he get caught yet? Oh you haven't finished it. No, I haven't watched it. No, actually this happened to me today that girl that was dming me that I told the dude he has it. I know I told Cody do some research because this girl was like her know deep down in her feed looked like good like how you said her fear, you know her feet her feet looks good. And like she's hot as fuck and she only had like 200 followed. She's finally mm. She looked like she was and she was like DME and shit saying I'm cute which I'm fucking not you're lying bitch. She look like she was so I call her out on her shit. I called her out her and shit. I was like, I feel like it's a fake account. She mentioned Jack messaged me back. Back and said L. OK I go check our account block, you know you fix that. All you got to do is be like, all right. Give me your number and FaceTime by what Busch Light actually let's let's talk about this. What do you guys believe in a higher power? I believe in like you believe when you die you go to heaven or do you believe something spiritually like you die and then like there's this there's a spirit. There's like a spirit. I will say this. I will put this out there. I don't I don't know if I don't Don't wanna get into it. I don't want to get into it. Let's not let's get into the higher Powers the third. This is a common question because times to change is not that's not like it used to be. I don't know. I just I don't believe that you like I it's the whole thing with like dying go to heaven. I want to believe it because that sounds like royalty. But at the same time it sounds like it's too good to be true. So I feel like you die and there's like a spiritual something like you you go to and all right. Good. No, I'm done. I like I got no, no just a kind of because I started watching like all these videos on like think about this. I'm gonna this is the thing about this how many people are there in the world like seven billion? There's like what six billion or something I got seven, but so do you There's been at least six billion loads dropped that math was so wrong. No dude, that's fast and you probably dropped what a billion loads in your tube sock just in. Yeah, definitely one. Would you guys freeze your semen? I love Master now. I don't that okay. So you finish me see my lips. Now you let anybody that wants it can get it. No, that's not true. What do you mean what you don't freeze it and just put in your fridge. Oh, I heard this on a color daddy. Um where you gonna put it? You should see your face. I don't listen you'll put us all yeah, you know how the know how everybody always said that seemed sperm dies when it hits are ya it don't it's only when it dries to do mutate. Now only only when it dries it turns into dust man when it dies when it dries it dies so you can stick that. In your belly button for later go home finger, fuck yourself and get pregnant. I mean, what wait what so me coming or stomach. I used to pick it up a notch shoving her pussy. Yeah only if it stays warm. It's got to stay warm and moist. She's just got it can't get dry snow cradle that shit into her belly button my belly buttons close it all the time. So I said lock bag. It's called little plastic containers. That's where I listen to like. I love five minute clip first time ever. Listen to these two chicks. Jesus are so sexy and they were talking about they were talking about the GLOCK GLOCK. 5,000 Rock like 9,000 9,000. Yeah. I was just curious GameChanger. Have one of these well, I'd like before that I heard this but this out I'm like great explain it explain it. Jeremy's lost its the double McDouble hand with the glut look with a bunch of fucking slobber. It's a great honor listening to that shows. It had a term and then I'm like, that's all I want to know like that's a thing. Have you guys ever had? Yes, I mean, yes, but she just screamed it to you. I'm about to give you a Glock Glock nine thousand. You ready? Jim own honest. I could never have a job they're talking about because they were talking about how it's a blow job and they were like saying a guy knows that his dick is not big. So don't try to act like it's huge. Like don't be fucking saying it like make it work don't you don't have to use your full hands? You only had to use to just fucking Slob on a fucking knob but give them credit because they there and that point there right guys. You're fucking stupid you ever had a girl know like have you ever had a girl over moan? Like, you know when you'll never go back? I'm the one no, I just I think you're the over Monir. Yeah, I don't I think I don't moan during sex obviously not going to lie to you DJ not go legit. Most girls. Don't do what prime saw. I know I saw videos. Yeah some girls do she was over watch porn way too much. I was like, I know my dick is not that big. Yeah, but like you when you know, like she's there's vacant and who's better. Maybe you're just hitting the spot dog like you're having sex and you're thinking bladder. There's there's my look if you're having sex with a girl and you're thinking like oh my God, she's totally faking it right now your heads not in the right place to be banging a chick and you shouldn't have I saw a video of TJ, like rattling the fucking ceiling. Would you go rattling the ceiling I could play and TJ's like It's right here. Jesus Christ. No, shut up. Yay, and that was the last time teacher. She's downstairs know who was it that you were banging we can we can edit it out later that that I still went viral on Tick-Tock to you. So that was a fucking 14k boys 14k don't get kicked out here in a couple of days has a hard time using my iPhone. This guy's making I don't have social media. I don't believe I love taking I love doing these videos of everybody. Yeah, you're like they don't believe in social media, but you're on a social platform as you speak. Yeah, we're just kind of Jeremy deleted everything everything Fox ever Snapchat. Hey, I have to ask that because I want to be with the boy. I don't mind having it. I'm just terrible. That's how you guys communicate. So that's one reason why I have it. I literally don't text anyone know and that's why I keep Snapchat because literally that's what I have. No fuckin lie. You text me all the fucking time. Hey, this is gonna get into you and say stop texting me. This is gonna get into my rant that I want to get in. I have Facebook now that's for Marketplace because to get about Snapchat what? Snatch the fuck. Do you want to say though it know how girls like you snapchatted cut up say with a fucking chest I'm saying it was say it with your chest you did you say do you remember actually like take pictures of the ship without them knowing before screenshot was even a fuck. Yeah, and they had the best friends. Yeah the old days Snapchat. Shady as fuck now, but - A they're just they don't allow you to do bullshit that you missed. You know, we still have the best friends on there. That was my face. That's right. Yeah, but my pet peeve is with girls how headphones you Snapchat a girl and she will leave you on delivered. I don't know very late like delivered for like days. Oh, sorry. I was taking my dog out like last time I saw a beast open it so I know not to fucking because when I said a girl Snapchat That's like fucking hot as fuck and she just leaves me alone. Delivered I'm checking that bitch every 10 minutes to see what really? Yes. That's the last time I actually got involved in like I was heavily involved in Snapchat was high school even if haulage you got even more than me. I had a neighbor beside me and he he he loved Yak. He loved it. He would get on there and try find any girl he could but he just loved that. He loved the showing of throw the chicken. Yeah the thrill of the idea that like you don't know what you're about to be fucking. Yeah, it was the weirdest thing so he would get on that yak. And you're sitting there and you look out in this girl's, you know, this girl says, I really want bone down. He's like I'm going to go for I was like, dude. Oh, no, like that's so direct. Like I just don't think you should do it. He did it was some fucking gay. A kid. Yeah, I thought you'd like that. Out that solution was faked a new Soo much know it she'll never make it to the kid was like 26. He was at the first alumni. He graduated my step-brother. Yeah, but I think I think that it was like his younger brother or something like that and had somebody that was in high school because he's good too much, but he knew everything about girls everything. Like I said, I didn't really have social media. So he said a little something about everybody all I remember is hit shit about Robbie dude. He said slap me because I fled to the radar fucking got me. He's a major gun your whole the only thing I remember ER is Carter because card never a posted anything I think cars the only like car actually blew up on his ass and I think that was like the only one of its kind of wore sweatpants to school bro we bow. Yeah, we all did I think everyone did that come from? Me Shine I said, I fly I flew enemies on how to fly under the radar a lot. Yeah, they were they didn't because you're the only ones getting called to the principal's office every week. No. No, but that's parties. Hi, you know, well, yeah, we tried that. Oh tomato guys did a bad job of that. How about when you Turf the and I blew out my transmission fellows are I didn't I didn't know that until you came on the podcast. I remember seeing I forgot we talked about that early on the The practice field like the eighth grade seventh grade field. Yeah, we for down the hill. Yeah. Well the thing is, okay. So me Shawn. My truck was literally Me Shine would beat the fuck out of this truck. I don't I don't know why it was such a thing but like that truck just the way it was built was like it was just rotted. It was all things for us body with a lot of power. So they shot that would be more about what it was but this truck was trashed like it. Was completely no rockers. No cab corners offenders may be lucky have a fucking gas line at the end of the day, but probably fuck the quarter panels on it. I fucked everything out of it the better Did we tell the tailgate story last time he was on the tailgate shit. We were back here at the high school at the high school where slide ride down the hill with Wes andrewy. Wait what? Yeah, they had like the ceremony crinkled his now. That's an is coming. Now. That was my guess my new truck. That was a funny name. That was not know he we were We're doing doughnuts in the parking lot at the high school in the snow and we're like cyclone in four-wheel drive as fast as fuck heard Spin and as we start coming around him like we're spinning. I'm like was that a tackle box? And I'm like those jumper cables. Is that a spare tire? There's the tailgate broke off the hinges and it was just fling and shit all over the out of the bed all over the reservoir cannot yeah, Noah That truck father we did so much in that truck. Yeah, we got out of the truck at the tailgate just laid on the ground. He shot one of the cables we shot some reason. He's Sean had this like thing like when it snowed trash everything we yeah when it snowed we talking we will drift Kings pull out like we were we were just be like it snowed like let's just go take this truck out and I used to go early to school in the morning. Remember we rip Chewie 0 off. Yeah. That was that tell that story. I don't think I was there though. Oh, really? I don't think I We were pulling as in the Snapchat. I'm pretty sure that was when I was in track 1 track season. Hey, I had to stay low it wasn't allowed indoor track. Yeah, indoor or outdoor story. Well, it's snowing so had to be endure it was in door. Yeah, speak your words to the mic, please. We were pulling a bed liner behind the truck. Rig was born. Yeah, and we was at the high school once again, and we went and got like desks like, you know, like the looks like a like a tadpole attached to a chair. I guess like the old school high school desk. And we had like four of them in the bed liner. We were like sitting at him and pull it around the Nate fly out and go cart Wheeling across the fucking field in a desk chair. Did we put it back but then we all got into the just laying in it and we're hauling ass and Rubes doing donuts and we're spinning violently fast and roug like goes onto the road and that like a like you're pulling a to behind a boat the bedliner carries towards the woods and we're all like, holy shit jump jump jump jump in our buddy schooi. Just getting these dumb. You didn't do that that Snapchat though was the funniest it was it was crazy that video. Hey buddy wanna be out there. Still funniest. Yeah do no. No, he flew out of the yeah the bedliner when the snow into the woods and we all jumped I jumped out like to my left and chewy didn't get out in time and he smashed in with the bed liner into the tree and got like Catapulted out of the bed liner and just like I jumped out and hit the ground and he before I hit like as I was hitting the ground from jumping. He like got shit whipped out of bed liner and landed on top of me and I'm like, we're all laughing losing it and I set up and I'm like shoot me those fucking funny and he's gone dudes gone and I'm like looking and like Carter and some other guy. Whoever was there was like everybody was like in a group or we all jumped out and then shoe he's nowhere to be found and then we just here. So we go running over to schooi and he's like laying like on his back in the snow at the same time dead. Yeah with his hat pulled over is he had his hat pulled over his head this like his whole head is covered in stocking cap. And he's like I'm fucking dead not fucking dead. They had this on Snapchat likes literally started the whole thing. They had it video and they just ran up to him. He's just like I'm dead. I'm dead they pull he like rolls. The Hat just blood and you like he like he kind of rolled over and there's blood rolling all down the side of his face when I saw that she what's wrong what's wrong and we're like trying to take his hat off and he won't let us he's like, no. No then we finally we finally get his hat off and his freaking ear as like hanging off of his fucking head. There's blood everywhere. It was on video my date. Like into trees like mulch. Yeah, he's and he starts freaking Fireball and he's like, he's the same guy that got and we seen his ear falling off and shit. It was Andrew good standing there. And this is like the main video. He's screaming at the top as long as he's like, he's like, it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it and they were like, no, he's fine. He's behind and so we went to elq. Sagat freaking but if I can hear I can hear you guys are so fucking stupid. Yeah, he was pissed if we don't he was the one that did it what what time are sitting in we're getting ready for a track meet or no? Is it like a meeting or something? Andrew just wants it. Yeah, and they're like the soccer players are kicking the ball around and we're just comes in. You know, how rude is he just aggressive everything he punched the fuck out his ball through a window his real eyes go Linda and just he said he has got he shut the blinds at don't say anything. What the rooms dark like coach Russell has his room went up all the time. And we walk in the all the blinds are shut Russell's like what's going on and really just like this, you know how his face gets red his face just turned red and I mean Russell, I mean Russell's not stupid and smart. You just looked right at Rio Grande. We're all here so fucked right through the window to Boston. The one thing I want to talk about to about you brought up Russell. This is pretty embarrassing for me when my when I was a senior I Worse than your girlfriend being in the shower. Yeah. No, but you still have a girlfriend. I forgot. No, he has the one right there. Yeah, the Scott McKenzie got the new one, but I know what you're referring to that girlfriend. Yeah, he ever had liquor front of the name. Yeah, what did you end up doing with that? You just burned it. You burned it. Yeah, that's nice. That's more the great smell like sweat and shame portion, right? And she's like, okay, we'll take you over there and then just call us when it's done. So I'm like looking through all these books and I was like obsessed with like Merica like that was I was loved everything my whole bedroom was red white and blue paint the campers all yeah. Everything was Wayne blue I was obsessed with it and I was like, I want to get Merica tattoo on my left bicep and they're like and I'm like damn these are expensive. So I'm like look at her and I'd like two hundred and thirty dollars to my name. That was it. So I'm like looking through these I'm talking to tattoo artist. I was like what can I get? That's like Merica but is like underwater 30. It's under $200 and he's like, oh I have this like old-school Americana book and I'm like, okay. I said good night shot at ending. I'm like, yeah, let's do that one. Like sweet so we did that when I got like some bullshit saying above it and under it, whatever and after I got it done. I was like, this is sick and then I got I got back to school and I'm like, all right. I'm all tan. I got a perm did have a perm. I'm like, let's go to let's go to school in a bro tank so I can show off my new tattoo. Yeah. Hell yeah that duper. So I go there and Russell taught history. So I get there into my history class and I'm sitting there and I'm like You know, I'm like yes, but did with my arm out my God I said, oh you got a tattoo. Uh, oh I do shit. He was sitting here Jessie Mae and then Russell's like teaching and he like looks at me. He's like is that is that real? And I'm like what? He's like, he's like that tattoo on your Oh you mean this one that I just got and he's like, yeah and he goes, why did you get the Puerto Rico flag tattooed on your arm, and I'm like The what what flag fucking way so that I start googling. I'm looking shit up and I'm like, oh my God, that's important Rican flag. It's like their original flag. It's different now. Yeah, but that's what it used to be. Me and Mackenzie went to Mexico and we were hitting first think of a comment on where ziplining through the jungle and this guy got one of the zip line. Like dudes that goes around with you. He goes are you from Puerto Rico? And I'm like, you gotta be fucking I go. Yeah. I got family there and just get the door. This is this is such a little bitch. You should tell him the truth. That's why I have not got barely fucking Sparkle like an English I get into it with him. You fucking asshole. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like an inbred version the Irish tattoos going to be mad fucking missing to let's find out the real mature like the first tattoo. I remember I got my my ribs. I work cut-offs to everything. Oh, it's so crazy stammers. I'll be like I mean like I just got like 17 you guys see us new stretch. I got watch that's fine too because I can track you literally wore like those weird-ass uniforms. Yeah, you guys got me in the mood but let's go get attack. I'm down. I love that today open right now. No not but I love tattoos. Are you got it wrong? So hard pocket. No, I'll tell you right now. We can give you a stick and poke. Listen, it's already gonna be fucking horrible. I'm let us want to say what are you jack? Let's brand you. Yeah. Okay, that's remember. I want to get brain. We got branded to skip Brandon. Yeah. That's why the fuck does that even sound funny? All right, because I was wondering like a Roots. No. No, I was a kid. It was weird. This is actually how weird my step brother Jeremy couple is he was in like this when Jack asked when jackass was a big thing. The the thing to do was stupid as shit, so we really that's what they're known for. No, but I'm saying like, What I'm saying is like every like, you know, you wanted to be like them right and why I don't know there's just something so like me who we go ahead and fall down breaking shit like so weird like jump off the roof onto mattresses and do back flips into trees and shows like I'm on top of it. Yes, ma Tasha. So like it was this weird thing. Like I was called pickles my name your vertical they were called pickle. I was called pickles in the video. Were you a brand like Dill kosher know so they literally branded me with a fucking Phil pickle. It was like a pickle shaped fucking brain event dick. They put it right above your ass. Crack. No put on the back of my leg. That doesn't bother me the worst spot. Yeah, right. So yeah, everyone can see it giant dick. So do you still have it also got smiley face from a lighter on my leg to really yeah. Damn damn. I've been listening to stiffs. I'm not telling you guys the lights are on, but I'm not home. I don't know if it's a good thing that on our podcast. We bring up everyone else's podcast all the time, but it is what it is. Now the question is up. This is not the right time to be doing but that's what I got. That's what I got. This is a problem that should have been taken care of a long time ago when she gives me a bowl ready, but I'm ready. Would you rather have a good or bad hand job from your grandma? Oh my God, bro. God are you take his mic back? Be good hail know if I'm getting a hand job hand job. You will be good. Do you want fucking this right now is when I wish this was videotaping this way. I'd be looking at the camera. It's like no it's like that what they fucking caught what they they rub your Indian burn your dick from your grandma or do you least want something that you finish up here? No, if I had to get a hand job for my grandma, I would I would hope she's he would break not know. I'd hope she's fat breaking it off. That's what like I did something fucking yeah blow job. He's gonna tell you good or bad thing. You didn't ask me. Ways bad even if you like, you're like I was a good fingering know that's the bad news three more beers answer this. There's no proper way. They can be turned on and my grandma yes. Yes. Yeah. It's been a while for me to be a good hand job because I ain't going to be able to get hard. Yeah, as I say, I feel that was anyway, I was just like I don't care how many viagra's I'm popping that fuck. There's no back inside it. So this question is just now good. Oh good nasty. Hey, can we all agree that we all just get? In hand jobs from each other's grandma's and each other. I was like I pick shots. I would rather. I don't know what anybody else. I'd rather any of you give me a hand job. I mean hundred percent but the thing is is like it's you know what I can do, but the thing is that you're still get a handsome brother, I'd rather Find out teacher has a point of the show, you're sickening and you still get a hand job - will be good one. It's not gonna be good though, but you at least hope there's a good blow job in the bad blowjob. Those are the options Hales. Yes. Yeah, whatever. I'm not gonna say who dry rub and that be yeah like a chicken wing that I wrote. Okay, that's what like you feel like you like that. You know, you like you like that? No, Like your fucking you squeeze it and you use it as it goes, but I've had a girl like take her hand and literally like sounds like a go play with your dick till you jism a little bit go like this. Like she's just barely touching it going like this over top and we definitely need visuals. Yeah. I'm so confused. I'll get my dick, huh? Okay for the bud, but ever had a good hand job what I've had a great hand job. No, I don't always grab it too hard. Let's just do it. I'd ride tug. That doesn't sound good shower. That's just what spit doesn't fucking I can't I can't move it better shower. Yeah somewhat something with the water hitting my back. So maybe it's because you're standing up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe maybe no I'm not a city. That might be it got late. I was when I masturbate I meant to be on the toilet you 100% I could then would you do with the 180 you stand up shooter in there, you know, I Not on the floor then I wipe it up. That's so fucked up. You know, I know what you're doing. I clean mine up you you tell me, you know, you not on the floor. Yes what happens if you've missed the cleanup he will you know, he doesn't he doesn't like disinfect it. He just takes his underwear that he just took off and wipes it up a little bit. No toilet paper years loud everyone that's in my mom slips and falls on the floor. You were about to say something else and that was exactly what we were talking about. About you at blows my mind out that you know the floor that doesn't the fact there's toilet paper reach away. You can grab the toilet paper. Why don't you you should nut in your hand and then go dap up your little brother. Oh, that'd be funny. That would be funny. So I haven't talked to you in like six months. What's up pipe or a little fart to sneeze videos that I said, dude. We have video evidence of this summer going to post it. So I sent it to you all the fucking time. I mean, do you know what makes you think like, I'm just gonna sneeze in front of everybody. It's a good sneeze. It's just whack. It's whack. Like, I'll be yours all over his face to the ground. I've had it hanging down to my game. No, it's just wild. Your fucking car. Yeah, that's pretty gross. Yeah, they get whatever. Let's just keep going. We're already an hour and five in we're done people. I've had people tell me they like the longer podcast. God. Let us let us what up. What is known that the fuck up you shut the fuck up you shut the fuck up. I have another question for you. What makes you want to videotape half the shit you do because he's a Tick-Tock. What did you think what I never like shit in a toilet was like wait a minute. I did it all. So amazed that people are like they shouldn't like that's a funny like a nice shit dude. That's a nice all my shit looks like turtletales at work coming up to fucking toilet sound like that good besides I'd want it. I want it to sound like pulling a NASA rocket. Yeah. Exactly. No, but you guys ever take a shit like a ray gun? No, you guys ever take a look you guys ever take like a huge shit and like you feel so good after yeah just took one today like your butthole. Feels good. Yeah took one day please like damn I needed that shit. Yeah, so what happens when you're at work and you're sitting there for like two hours you're like, okay. Okay. Do I spend at least four hours on the toilet? I want every fucking day. I don't understand. I just did they just not rely on you to do anything there. I'm the only one that does your legs got to go numb. Yeah. No I have to do my feet are I feel like needles are going in my feet when I get off the toilet. Yeah. This motherfuckers got right angles for feet. You gotta have hemorrhoids. No, I Never Had A Hammer in I've had it. Roid shit sucks my shit comes out nice and easy unless it's like a hard shit. That's because he fucking sprays Lubin is but how long have I got how long has it been since you've had sex to the day? What can we say six months till we get like a we need to get a counter up like now like I day since last accident in the workplace, we know that girl. Hey, you know that girl that is in the group chat last night probably that I saved you from Fort Belvoir. Oh she wanted to come over last night. Night. Oh for you. Yeah, like I don't it's not that I can't let me go see it's not that I can't get pussy is that I'm picky. I'm picky and I think I'm ready to everybody else has a girlfriend except for me and Cody. So I think I'm finally ready to try it. What Zach a girlfriend until I'm like, what the fuck? Yeah, what do you think like before you're having sex? You're like, well, I'm horny as fuck not like, you know, like you really feel like really into a girl but they after you have sex like most new Clarity. What's that Clarity? Do you think like a postdoc lady kicks and I'm like, you're like, why are you staying here? Do you think like before like before you have a section here? You're about to fuck this. I'm here you guys fuck. Why are you like this girls? Yes, 100 percent 100 percent. Maybe not attend. But you feel like I've never like six to three. I'm definitely like I deaf I might have feelings for this girl and then I fuck her. I'm like and then you're like, all right. You did You're Sober. I'm like, I need to be alone and whatnot like this one time back in high school. I had a party at my house. You guys showed up for a little bit. Well, this girl stayed there and After you guys left and I fucked her. Oh, yeah. I didn't know she was staying the night. So I fuck I was downstairs. I was fucking hammered playing Xbox she comes down to it. She was like, you're not even gonna kiss me. I'm like, well shit I mine I said, I'm just chilling downstairs. I mean, come on get in bed. We start I fucking we start making out and shit and then I'm like, all right. I'm going to fucking bed sheet about how she was like, you're not gonna fuck me. I'm like she was up against the wall and I was hitting her fucking head on my wall. She kept saying can you back up? My head is reeling this fucking wall. Anyways, we get done fucking and then I'm laying down ready to go to bed. She starts cuddling up to me. I'm like, wait a minute. She probably wasn't a right State of Mind. You probably can Custer. I'm like, I'm like wait a minute because you know after that she did not want to stay there either. I had a huge fucking bet. I'm gonna freaking either, California Like cuddling me right now. Oh, I like how in that you said that in the group was I'm a T-Mobile fucking assistant. The vegan I know that was me. I'm I said, hold on the skinny vegan. Yeah, it's a group chat. I am in the group chat, but I told you I don't use social media. If you measured your deck I have you guys have all measured your I'm six inches even saw same six even have you have you made him soft or hard? How you go about it starts started the butthole. Well, I you get that extra smile. I use a tape measure just stick your dick on your phone. Every time how many times how many times did you measure your dick like three or four? What do you think? It's like once a year like to see if it's going to hit a growth spurt? Yeah new year new million fucking asshole. I wonder if I grew an inch as year. He's grown into please grow an inch. No, I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied with my he goes down happen in chorizo working on that or what dude it was cold as fuck follow our he's not going to do it would take forever. What just follow our social media is I'm TJ, and I see we got Fry Daddy what just Fry Daddy Fry Daddy see sword? No, it's 22 2012 22 and follow Roots that's all around Roots the podcast on Instagram and share with your buddies. We want to get this out of here merchants. Coming soon. We just got an idea for our merch we're going to make that happen. I hope you guys liked it. See you next week. Thanks for tuning in guys. Hey, the 22 is swords body count, by the way.