The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of Bitcoin exact answers are hard to come by living things have fuzzy edges beginnings and endings are hard to pinpoint differentiation is more or less arbitrary and what was classified as a wolf today might evolve to be a dog tomorrow. Bitcoin has no rigid specification. No absolute finality. No fixed development team. No final security guarantees. No scheduled updates. No Central brain, no central vision. No Kings and no rulers. It is a decentralized organism organically evolving without central planners the lack of any centralization is the source of Bitcoins Beauty. Its organic Behavior. and its resilience Bitcoin is everywhere and nowhere which makes figuring out where this thing lives a daunting task. However, it turns out that there is a space it lives in multiple spaces as we shall see. the habitats of Bitcoin while classifying the habitat of a decentralized organism isn't trivial we can look at the constituents of Bitcoin to make the task a bit easier as outlined in the last article of this series The Coin lives across domains with one foot in the purely informational realm ideas and code and one foot in the Physical Realm people and nodes and awareness of Bitcoins environments might help to better understand this new form of life. No, Can be meaningfully studied in isolation and Bitcoin is no exception as Alan Watts pointed out one has to be aware of the basic unity every organism forms with its environment quote for the ecologist the biologists and the physicists know but seldom feel that every organism constitutes a single field of behavior or process with its environment. There is no a way of separating what any given organism is doing from what its environment is doing for which reason ecologist speak not of organisms in environments, but of organism environments and quote Alan Watts. With that in mind, let's take a closer. Look at the organism environments. We are dealing with as outlined above Bitcoins ideas and code inhabit one realm and Bitcoins people and nodes inhabit another to stick with tradition. Let's call the Physical Realm meet space and the purely informational realm cyberspace. Even if as always the lines might be fuzzy around the edges. The soul of Bitcoin so to speak lives in cyberspace. They are Bitcoin absorbs useful ideas and incorporates them into its code as with all living things. Something is useful if it helps an organism to survive while Bitcoin has various self regulatory mechanisms to react to the environment new ideas may be necessary for survival if changes are drastic enough. The quote body of Bitcoin like all bodies is living in meatspace nodes hard drives cables and other things come together in an intricate dance pushing around electrons changing zeros to ones and vice versa making sure that Bitcoins heartbeats about a thousand times a week living things have an interest in staying alive and the Bitcoin organism is no exception Bitcoin found an ingenious way to ensure that it stays alive. If it pays people as Ralph Merkle pointed out people and increasingly organizations are incentivized to keep it alive. They shape the physical world to Bitcoins liking feed it energy renew its hardware and update its software to keep it alive. The fact that Bitcoin pays us to keep it alive opens up a third space a space of financial transactions value and mutual beneficial exchange. Let's call this space thin space to understand Finn space. We will have to examine the other side of this coin so far. We only examined the side with the uppercase B the Bitcoin network, but there is also Bitcoin with a lowercase b, which is the unit of value itself. elf brought into existence by every copy of The Ledger These Bitcoins while deeply embedded in the Amber of The Ledger are traded worldwide on various markets and marketplaces and since these Bitcoins and their value are critical for Bitcoin survival. We will have to recognize thin space as the third space that this strange Beast lives in note that fin space. Strangely enough is solely inhabited by Bit coin with a lowercase b In total we can identify three distinct environments which the Bitcoin organism inhabits cyberspace the world of ideas and code meatspace the world of people and nodes and fin space the world of value and markets the world of dollars and SATs. Understanding these habitats becomes increasingly important especially as the climate in one or more heats up. The climate's They Are A-Changin the three spaces outlined above cyberspace meatspace and fin space have different restrictions different climates. So to speak in short, they operate under different rules. Once these rules change drastically enough people will say that quote. The political climate is heating up and reports on the quote coming Financial climate will be written citizens will be unable to speak and act freely. If things change drastically enough people will rise up in protest or if all else fails lie. cyberspace while we don't have precise words for it. It is obvious that the climate in cyberspace has changed quite drastically in the last two decades or so, the idealistic utopian ideas, which were the foundation of most of the internet were perverted by the advertisement driven surveillance companies, which are the Giants of today. People and politicians are slowly waking up to the strange reality that we are living in the fact that Facebook can manipulate moods and sway elections is as disturbing as the fact that Google knows you better than you know yourself. Edward Snowden showed that the most paranoid netizens were right all along everyone in cyberspace is under constant surveillance without suspicion by default while the Western world does not immediately feel the repercussions that come with living in a constant state of surveillance. Chinese citizens are gathering first-hand experience with each passing day. In the Western World, the consequences are advertisements which range from Annoying too spooky in China. The consequences are frozen bank accounts and inability to by train or plane tickets elimination of credit worthiness automated fines for trivial offenses and more voicing the wrong opinion quote on quote online or not can lead to restricted access to schools hotels and jobs and after ruining Life with a flip of a bit you will be publicly named as a bad Citizen and the government will even take away your dog. If that doesn't sound dystopian enough for your taste, I bet that it will be in a couple of years remind yourself that this is only the beginning. In the quote free world things are more subtle multiple efforts are underway to curb net neutrality. The very Cornerstone of the internet legislation is being passed which is inherently incompatible with the laws of cyberspace. It seems like the last battle of the crypto Wars is yet to be fault as politicians are calling for responsible encryption and the ban of certain CAD files. Companies are in charge of the speakers corners of cyberspace and are making arbitrary decisions on what can be uttered by whom and what is off-limits bitcoin knows no borders. No jurisdictions. However, it has to conform to the laws of cyberspace and if these laws change or in other words, if large parts of the world block Bitcoin traffic and or the usage of tour the Bitcoin organism will have to adapt Meatspace meatspace climate differs wildly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction some bastions of Freedom still exist. But once you try to board an international flight, it becomes obvious that you were right to privacy and your freedom to bring a bottle of water with you are null and void protests across the globe indicate that the powerless are fed up with the powerful who do everything they can to stay in control and solidified their positions of influence. History shows that governments do not shy away from using their power in 1933 executive order 6102 was signed effectively forcing the whole population of the United States to hand over their gold and gold certificates to the government. Yes, seizing Bitcoin is way harder than season gold in some cases even impossible but it would surprise me if those who currently control our money the governments and central banks of this world would simply roll over and let Bitcoin march on unhindered governments have a monopoly on violence and they are able and willing to abuse this violence in their own interest with Bitcoin. However, people can flee a country with their wealth intact while this is definitely not easy and not Something I would wish on anyone it is now possible. thin space Where should I even begin the current debt based Financial system has an appetite for printing money which is beyond belief quantitative easing negative interest rate policies currency Wars hyperinflations. And a looming recession are just a few of the recipes of the global instability soup, which is currently Brewing The Current financial system seems so far removed from common sense and reality that all the jargon in the world won't be able Stabilize this house of cards people know that our money is broken, which is why they flee to buying real estate stocks and all kinds of complicated Financial constructs to preserve their wealth in the current system. You have to be an investment expert just to hold your value. And we haven't even talked about the looming recession and the virtual inevitability of the next financial crisis yet. Yes governments might be able to Kick the Can down the road by printing ever more money, but no road is endless and the experiment which is Fiat money will come to an end one way or another how Bitcoin will react to a catastrophe in fin space is anyone's guess some people might flee from their failing fiat currency into Bitcoin using it as a risk. Off asset others might sell Bitcoin to buy something. They consider more stable such as real estate or land a rising number of people will identify Bitcoin as the best money. We have ever had shunning other assets and other monies in the quest to stack as many SATs as they can. However, it might play out Bitcoin is the cure for many of the current systems ills it is hard money, which doesn't devalue over time. It is an Incorruptible system, which forms the basis of a new Financial reality quote. It can't be changed. It can't be argued with it can't be tampered with it can't be corrupted. It can't be stopped. It can't even be interrupted end quote. Ralph Merkle in addition to the above. It seems to have many indirect effects. It lowers the time preference of those who use it. It incentivizes users to have better personal and operational security. It incentivizes individuals and companies to have better digital hygiene. It propels the development of Chip manufacturing and encryption technology while Bitcoin definitely influences is environments and vice versa how Bitcoin reacts to drastic changes is yet to be seen migration Bitcoin lives on the internet as Ralph Merkle points out the internet however is not a necessary requirement for Bitcoin to work. Bitcoin is text pure information in every system capable of transmitting and storing information is a potential habitat for the Bitcoin organism. The internet just happens to be the most suitable habitat, which currently exists since it is the most efficient system to transmit information we have to date. cyberspace the Bitcoin organism could migrate to other environments and multiple efforts are underway, which enable Bitcoin to spread to places where access to Internet infrastructure is limited or non-existent as of this writing Bitcoin transactions and lightning invoices have been sent via radio waves mesh and satellite networks just to name a few all of these can be seen as Bitcoin conservation efforts so to speak Whether we will see the migration of Bitcoin to another system in the decades and centuries to come depends in essence on whether the internet will remain a suitable habitat or not. If the online climate changes drastically enough we might see the migration to even more resilient less restrictive environments. Meet space we can already see that mining facilities pop up where energy is cheapest or even stranded in essence mining is done where it makes the most sense economically speaking. The same is true for running nodes if people can run nodes at low risk and near zero marginal cost. They will thus visualizing Bitcoin on a map nodes and Mining facilities migrate geographically from unfriendly places to friendlier places over time. Unprofitable mining facilities will shut down profitable mining facilities will go online the same again is true for nodes increasingly people will migrate to jurisdictions which are more favorable to their Bitcoin Holdings. And if you want to start a Bitcoin company, you might also move to a jurisdiction which is more favorable to you and your future business. Thin space in the last 10 years many people decided to buy Bitcoin effectively feeding the Bitcoin organism by investing in it. This Capital allocation will continue as more people understand the nature of this Beast and the ultimate goal of Bitcoin the separation of money and state what investors described as portfolio balancing and allocation of capital can be seen as a migration of value from worse assets to better. Sets from Bad stores of value to better stores of value Bitcoin being the ultimate asset in terms of portability verifiability divisibility scarcity and uncie's ability will continue to suck up value and grow in the process. Conclusion Bitcoin lives at the intersection of three spaces meet space cyberspace and fin space these spaces have different laws different rules and different climates to fully understand any organism. We must not only look at the organism itself, but examine the organism environment a listicle e because of its decentralized nature Bitcoin is able to overcome many if not all obstacles in its environment. It's it can migrate to favorable jurisdictions in meatspace use different transportation and storage media in cyberspace and feed on the instability of other asset classes in thin space. Whatever the future may bring Bitcoin is equipped to survive and thrive in the various environments it lives in it is remarkably resilient. Well adapted to survive any coming storm. However, perfect it may be and we closed a another great article by GG. Let's go ahead and hit our sponsor and then I want to talk about talk about the habitats of Bitcoin. For anyone who has a podcast anchor cannot be beaten particularly for trying to get off the ground their entire platform is free. This includes unlimited hosting both in audio that you upload and how much your listeners download. I have uploaded an incredible library of audio now and I've never paid anchor a dime. In fact, they connect me with other sponsors and have run an ad consistently on my show. So they've paid For exposure to my audience that's really hard to beat even if we ignore that I can record directly in the app or my browser. I don't need any other software. If I don't want it I can edit at sound effects clips and they automatically published to all of the top podcasting platforms. I never had to do a thing. So if you were thinking of starting a show or already have a podcast, there's no better platform out there check out anchor by downloading the app or go to Anchor dot f FM today So jumping right into meatspace. China's social credit system is basically my dystopian nightmare. It is one of the most insane overreaches of power and you know, they're Communists. So I guess it shouldn't be unexpected and they would be rushing to utilize the digital world and the technology of the internet to maintain as stricter. On their population as possible. So I guess it shouldn't really be crazy that this actually occurred or this is in development and they really intend they expect actually this year to to have everyone every quote unquote citizen of China on their social credit system. And when GG made the remark that they will literally take your dog, it was actually link to an article about just how unbelievably like nanny State they are going with this social credit system and you know, the incentive structures, like people don't really change that much from being children. Like the state is one of those institutions just like any other they will they will push to the limits of whatever they can get away with and they'll just keep taking more power taking more control and telling more and more people what to do to a greater and greater degree until there is essentially pushed. In the incentives of the of the nature of government that it is a monopoly on the right to enact violence against peaceful people with the justification that just because they have the Monopoly on violence. They are right by default and you have to defend your case against them. Well that leads to essentially an incredibly High a cost to exit is a great piece by Nick Szabo that we've read on this show called. old exit and freedom from his unenumerated from his blog and it's a wonderful piece just talking about how like incentives and the barrier to exit are such a critical factor in how well one can actually maintain or essentially fight back against you know, the destruction of Liberty and that's one of those things that makes Bitcoin such a potent tool on the actually brings up is that now you can actually take value With you you can exit the jurisdiction without necessarily losing your job. Maybe you work remotely maybe you have a business or a productive environment, which is totally in the digital realm which exists almost completely in cyberspace. Maybe the bulk of your savings the more that your savings are in Bitcoin the more that you can easily take with you without Without running into some huge hindrance or some fee or some restriction on being able to get back up and running in the new jurisdiction or the new location that you go. So it is Bitcoin is one of those tools that massively lowers the the ability and the cost to exit a totalitarian communist or just disliking like like a uncomfortable jurisdiction or a set of rules and you know, like the the incentives of I meant are such that I compared to the incentives of you know, like a bad DirecTV plan or like cable and internet plan. Is that the barrier there is that you know, if they if they make me wait on hold and I have to call him to customer support five times for a problem that's clearly on their side and I can't get help. Well, then my barrier is dealing with you know, having crappy internet for a couple of days or having no internet or having to work off my cellular before I get the new company, too. Come in and use a different service or if that's not even possible. Let's say there's a geographic monopoly in my area. Well, then, you know, I'd have to use a hot spot or something and I could pay for crazy huge like cellular and that's possible. You know, that's not even like if you do it by one device, I've actually done that for multiple weeks. It's a pain but that is not a that is not the barrier to exit of a government system with the Lead to enact violence against people to violently control. What they do at like is something as ridiculous as whether or not you have your dog on your leash. That's what that was alluding to in that article of how China was essentially getting down to giving people pet owner scores and travel scores and like politeness scores like all of this utterly insane stuff where they would essentially take your pet. Yet until you passed a test and prove to the court that you knew all of the regulations around the pet that you gave all the proper vaccinations and that you knew win and when they could not be on or off the leash and that they will just steal a member of your family. If you you know don't know them well enough or misbehave enough times. Certainly something like that would never be abused to you know, get someone to sell their land if they didn't want to or to, you know, pay a politician to get someone to push something because some money wasn't buying the right thing or making a deal with the right company. Holy shit the mountain of corruption that would come from such an absurd system is truly hard to comprehend. and But of course being the barrier of exit being so high being that essentially one has to be willing to risk death to risk incredible physical harm in order to even attempt to stand up against it. Well, then that's exactly why corruption totalitarianism why governments essentially all end in a gloriously brutal and violent conclusion There are very few governments that have collapsed that did not pair with genocide and unbelievable corruption and just evil in every sense of the word. So there's nothing quite so empowering to the individual as to lower their barrier to exit and both cyberspace just in general the connectivity of the internet and the ability to exchange with other countries and across jurisdictions the ability for a large portion of your livelihood to exist outside of any geographical area and the ability to actually take your wealth. Maybe you're in Your life savings with you across the border in your brain is is something to not be underestimated? And when you think about how bad the Chinese social credit system could get that quote Gigi has a really good quote in this article that says if that doesn't sound dystopian enough for your taste, I bet that it will be in a couple of years remind yourself that this is only the beginning end quote and that is so true. What they are doing is they are setting the foundation's up for the next genocide and the next quarter rific. Ends of privacy and confiscations of any sort of Liberty or individuality and the Chinese government is not really in any better financial situation. They are in a horrible spot. And obviously this Wuhan virus has not made it any the coronavirus or whatever has not made this any easier for them. But when the shit hits the fan when you got to be kidding yourself if you think they're not going to you. use this against their population when things get hairy for the political hierarchy when things start to get threatened when people start to challenge them or financial assurances get weaker when those cities and parts of the country that we did are actually the rich ones thus quote-unquote modern side of China, which is actually a small portion and a couple of specks of China really The vast majority of China is incredibly poor, but when the when the Comforts of those who are living in the little Oasis though a through Oasis Of China when that is threatened when their stability is threatened and they have to essentially hit the poor harder when they have to add new restrictions add new taxes add additional confiscations and controls on people. There will be a Breaking Point and they will use the social credit system for every horror. They can possibly come up with before there is nothing left to take and before they've done so much damage and caused so much harm that the people are willing to die to get out of it. That is a very sad truth but it is something that history has never really contested that that's just kind of always the case. Government can get away with something and it has the power to do something. It will absolutely abuse the shit out of it and that leads to what the climate of cyberspace is. Like how well can the controls and the costs the barriers of meatspace be re-implemented in cyberspace. How well does the great firewall of China work? And there's an app that actually another interesting quote here. I think this one are you at where are you at? Yeah. Okay, and this is in the article obviously Bitcoin knows no borders no jurisdictions. However, it has to conform to the laws of cyberspace and if these laws change in other words, if large parts of the world block Bitcoin traffic and or the usage of tore the Bitcoin organism will have Doubt in quote. This is another crazy thing about Bitcoin. Is it like I love the way he brought up how like Bitcoin doesn't exactly live cyberspace or well not cyberspace, but the internet itself is really just the best habitat right now and it could become not the best habitat, but Bitcoin does not necessarily have Have to live on the internet. There are a lot of ways information can be transmitted and there could be many alternative networks, but it's very interesting to think about how Bitcoin might adapt. Um how things might have to evolve in order for Bitcoin to stay alive. And that is another of the billion reasons why as much as painful as it is and as much as I wish this wasn't the case Have to keep the block size small we have to keep the bandwidth to to reach consensus to completely defend the auditability and consensus rules of the Bitcoin mechanism as tightly limited as possible. Because we do not necessarily have the internet to use to keep consensus. We do not necessarily have all of the conveniences and bandwidth and capacity that we have at this very moment. This must live in an adversarial environment. Not a welcoming comforting environment. And I think something that we're probably going to cover on the show because so many shit coins have had have seen some incredible consequences and we have we can learn a lot of lessons from some staking coins and some highly centralized coins that have seen their whole worlds and their foundations of yes, it's quote-unquote decentralized Shake underneath them. I think they are giving us exactly samples of exactly why these things are so important. We're constantly being reinforced that Yep. This is basically the only way whatever limitations and whatever hard truths we have to admit. This is it and we have to figure that out but as centralized quote on quote as block streams satellite network is it's amazing to think that we do have there is a satellite Network that can run and To propagate the information of the Bitcoin blockchain entirely external to the internet. It is not needed. The internet is not needed in order to stay in sync and consensus with the Bitcoin blockchain. Now, if all of it ended up being a necessary to do over the satellite Network, you know, then we suddenly have a problem, you know, the internet went down there Great Wall of great firewall of China went up and started blocking all Bitcoin traffic same with the US. As you know, if every country essentially tried to use every amount of influence possible to stop it. There would be luckily most of it or most of it a lot of traffic of Bitcoin goes over tour and that is another incredibly important thing and I don't think they'd be able to absolutely ban the use of tour. This is one of those things where the incentives are so strong because the reason tour exist is because governments use it. Governments want that privacy. They will they would literally need to implement an alternative in some way in order to make it make sense for them to actually ban tour. They cut themselves. They you know, they cut off their own foot by getting rid of tour in order to stop the internet. I mean, excuse me in order to stop Bitcoin. So the fact that Bitcoin is, you know, hat tip to car Camp it for Bitcoin is the blockade Honor the fact that Bitcoin is Nimble enough that it is a high-capacity enough in value and low capacity enough in bandwidth in digit is it is small it is Speedy. It is Nimble it can get through every single crack the fact that Bitcoin can do that and that it can run very well over two were in fact one of my nodes runs entirely over to her as no problem. It is caught up with Threat with my other node just the same. They are always on the same block the fact that it does that well, um is I think a potent reality to at least a potent characteristic to how we can know that Bitcoin will be resilient and I'd be very curious is a very interesting thought experiment to think how could Bitcoin run without the major Avenues of the internet? How could we Bridge every jurisdiction? How could we get across every single border? And through every crack in all of these informational networks to keep it going to live in the in the face of truly every government as an adversary. And I think that's the goal. It's not keeping it the most, you know, powerful computer network in the world. I mean, obviously all of those things would be great. But I think just keeping it alive would would push it to that next stage which would make it come back from Um the dead and even if it took one of the hardest hits it's ever taken in its life that all we have to do is keep the heartbeat running. All we have to do is keep the organism alive and eventually it will come out as the winner in the end. It's a game of survivability. Does it survive if it does it wins? It's not a game of who can have the best features who has the most gadgets. It's a game of who can survive in the face of the greatest challenges because we will have challenges now talking about Vince space speaking of fin space. Um, that is that that was an interesting addition to this because I've always thought of it as a bridge between meet space and cyberspace and I never really thought about Finn space as its own. Part of this puzzle, but truly like if you really could make an argument that fin space really isn't cyber space cyberspace does not really have anything to do with the markets of value in and of itself. Like there is a climate of cyberspace that is totally external to the climate of fin space. But what's funny is there is no there is nothing. That has as much fuel for the fire of Bitcoin to consume as fin space. They just it is just kindling from like to the Horizon and that is that is one of the craziest the climate of thin space is is a perfect storm for Bitcoin in some it's in some context like right now, but obviously the the the meats are the fin space response as As to restrictions and Integrations and being able to move Capital back and forth and get into and out of Bitcoin could change drastically in very short order. And that is that is a climate that is entirely dependent on The Strokes of a bunch of narcissist hens. So that could easily turn against us but the the underlying climate the real nature of value and those imbalances don't go anywhere those things are still Fuel for the fire. Now. They can try to put in Fire breaks. They can try to you know stamp it out every single place that you know, people try to start it back up essentially to fight against this thing as it spreads through the economy, but the more the worse they try to control the more Capital controls in the more restrictions on value. The the better Bitcoin looks just like we did in just like we talked about in yesterday's article with the distrust of Inez banks that they tried to resell the freedoms and privileges that they already had in the banking institution that were just stripped from them and dub it fresh money like the arrogance of that is unbelievable. But in that situation they've lost trust completely like it's gone like nobody's going to get fresh money and think. Oh thank God I got it back there. It was taken it was sold to them by the very people who took it from them and the greater those restrictions are the greater the Lee of the financial system of thin space of the fin space climate the less Bitcoin is any sort of a trade-off it's like well I got volatility just awful down just just horrific plummeting chaotic volatility on the one hand or I've got like just Bitcoins just average volatility mostly goes up. And if on the left hand, they've got you know Capital controls. They've got I can't integrate with any apps all the shit stopped working. Nothing. They get her just the whole thing is just crumbling apart. Everybody is reaching for every ounce of control every government and major player in the financial system is reaching for every ounce of control and restriction that they can put on people so that they don't save value so that they cannot escape the the to that barrier of exit all the inconveniences and costs of Bitcoin look super easy to deal with in comparison. And I truly I truly hope that doesn't come to this that you know, like there is some sense in these people left. But you know when it's their livelihoods versus our livelihoods, what do you think? They're going to choose? And Gigi even brings up that in 1934 They confiscated all gold all gold from the citizens of their own country during the height of a group of the Great Depression. How insane is that? And the country was a whole lot Freer and a whole lot more independent than it is now. People are way more obedient and subservient than they were then we've had another 70 years of conditioning. And if they you know, they crack down the start. I'm confiscating Bitcoin and stuff. I'm put it as flat as possible. I'm already making plans to get the fuck out of Dodge. Like I'm not staying here. Then I get in my Bitcoin. If anything if I can do anything to prevent that from happening, I'm gonna do it. No way in hell. I'm letting the same corrupt arrogant machine that has absolutely destroyed the American economy that has driven the entire the entire population into impossible deaths and has destroyed an entire money rip up my life vest and the life vest of my family. The last thing that we've actually got to possibly weather the storm that is clearly on the horizon. Hell, no. I am not playing that game. So thank thy Lord Satoshi for bringing this tool onto us to lower the barrier to exit and hopefully put enough pressure. That's that's another actually thing. Oh, actually, let me let me go ahead and hit that for we close this episode out. There is recommended reading at the end of this first he's got proof of life, which is Gigi's other article and we've done it on the show. So I'll be sure to link to that then the sovereign individual by James Dale Davidson and whoa, whoa William Rees MOG. I have listened to that. I'm probably going to listen to it again, but they actually talked about in that art at that article in that very long book, which is brilliant, by the way about how just lowering. Hmm. Excuse me. Just lowering the barrier to exit. is often enough to restrict their ability to enact Draconian laws to actually commit the violence that would necessarily cause people to leave because the easier it is to leave the the faster they feel the effects of incredibly stupid or incredibly aggressive decisions and understand if people with wealth people with the productive capacity people who are of the the underlying The underlying workers who hold up the economy the producers that really make the machine turn if they leave if they can leave quickly and easily and you don't have to be super wealthy anymore a permanent upper-middle-class can usually up in peace out a whole lot easier than they used to be able to the the sort of the the spread the unbelievable spread of the coronavirus virus is massive evidence of this 40 50 years ago. Do not have this level of travel globally like and now in a matter of days the coronavirus is basically everywhere in the world. I mean, that's scary and it sucks, but it's also A powerful demonstration of how much we are a global economy. We are a global Community now where we were not in the past. So the faster people are able to leave to jump jurisdictions and the lower those restrictions are the the faster the power to actually enact those controls to actually create that violence the state actually holds Because all they have is mercenaries. They have paid soldiers. Those soldiers will not fight for free most of the people who go into police military and all of that stuff. They go because of a job they go because good benefits. The state's power to enact violence against its own population is dependent on its purchasing power. It's dependent on the wealth of its economy the stability and the to the trust the believability of their nonsense narratives are entirely dependent on the wealth of the economy if the wealthy and the truly productive the ones that are being bled dry right now and still propping up this Giant machine start leaving the purchasing power the control and the narrative will break apart very very quickly. And as they proposed in the sovereign individual that could actually lead to all of these what we think of these huge transitions in history that are usually massively violent that usually take decades and decades to play out should happen much much. Quicker and should basically escalate to a much lesser degree in this day and age because of the movement on that is available to us. But then again, you know caveat to that. We also have one of the not not one of we have the largest financial imbalance and the largest state institutions that have ever existed so Hopefully hopefully it still good news and a Davidson and William Reese mogs thesis plays out as they explained in that book on the that is a amazing book and I highly highly recommend it. I will link to both of those further reading that Gigi gave in the article. Both of those will be available in the show notes and on the website. All right. Thank you guys so much for listening. I'll actually direct Ohio. Yeah holidays. We have Bitcoin holidays today is gold parody day. So I had a hard time trying to name these holidays because there's gold parity day and then there's gold market cap day or gold is greater than Bitcoin day. I'm not not sure exactly maybe maybe we can crowdsource the naming of this holiday, but gold parody day was March 3rd, 2017 and One Bitcoin past the price of one ounce of gold and that was the first time that happened. I think it crashed back down underneath it for a little while before on its way back up but it basically passed it and stayed past it since then I'll but in the not too distant future. I expect to see a new gold parody day where the entire market cap of the Bitcoin system matches the market cap of the entire world's gold Supply. And that is going to be a crazy and exciting time. But yeah, that's that is today March 3rd is gold parody day and I recommend celebrating with a little bit of Goldschlager and also your backup ritual whatever you do to back up your keys do it today. That is what Bitcoin holidays are for is so that we are constantly reminded to keep our Bitcoin safe to keep our Bitcoin safe from thieves. You keep them on our Hardware wallet to make sure that we are holding our keys and to make sure our keys will not be lost in the case of disaster. So take a show take a shot of Goldschlager and backup your keys. If you would like to check out the entire list of Bitcoin holidays that I have pulled together, you can find that on the crypto Kana me.com and up the top bar. It says holidays. It's hard to miss. So check that out. All right guys, thank you to my patrons. I've had a number of new people added to the crew and it is awesome to have everybody. Thank you guys for supporting the show. It makes a world of difference and I couldn't do this without you. So I You all thank you so much for listening. This is the crypto economy. I am guys swung and until next time take it easy everybody.