What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah.Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan? Yeah, we had some difficulties with you know, calling and stuff. So you were um, you said you were at the airport yesterday. Yeah. Where were you? The devs are for stuck there for a little while. And they said that was Dallas how station just got no one to our camp outlet for the past two months. Oh really? Is that for a vegan up for the Olympic trials? And uh, yes. Tribal open, you know, California before but I might find out something very competitive, you know. Yeah, it's kind of a tune-up. Yes. Yeah. All right. So so keeping it light but our first my first real question for you here, you know, I heard that it will talk the NFL, you know. I want to delve into that because other people can do a lot better but out of the out of the group that you're training with right now if you had to assign each member to an NFL position. including the females like to hear that He has no direction that may be the kicker are Jenkins of alignment characters have been doing you know for it. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. And where are you Anna? Wow, that's I'll Link Diaz. And I want that so badly I want that so badly, that would be amazing. That'd be sick. Fellow basketball players in such not an example would be if we got to track guys so I don't about start out in that world enough. So I'll make something special. Yeah, and if you heard of Tyree kill he wanted to compete in track. So yeah, I mean in high school and high school, I think he ran 20 point. It was 20-something low, maybe night. Yeah. Yeah. Alright actually flipping it flipping it around. Let's say are you are you a big NBA NFL guy? A little bit and we'll come this side. So just just general player knowledge and kind of hunch. If you had to pick one player from the NBA to run the 800 competitively who would it be? It's kind of hard because you don't really know anyone else that okay, we'll wait. I mean you have you have the you have a starting speed and also I saw a while back like the breakdown of how much like Russell Westbrook runs in a game and it's it's like a little taco Falls. Other guys into anything yet a beautiful stride and everybody is going some moment is trying to lowball he's making up so much grounded. That's the only guy in the other tracks just personal experience and what I'm saying or do out big taco taco balls my I love that. I think he's seven six seven six. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he's so can you talk to us about your training group? So do you think that this is going to become a new team? Obviously if the shutdown organ more kind of just freelancing down, these are all kind of wonderful thing in Phoenix, which we've been doing the past two years. Okay, so it's nothing nothing different our part but that's irrelevant to this group kind of settle back and and have a few image and kind of separates up as much as possible from one. So so right when you got that news with are people looking to go to you know, whether people consider their options and other teams or were you all just like well, we gotta stick together now and we gotta stay on this. Yeah to be honest. You know, I really think twice about that was like people not tell you which one like my group still good as much as I think I just figured out how people would react to it. I just let me guide you ask her about it because I've heard it wasn't my coaching. Yeah, what's the weather? So once like is that they study and acting after world's I started getting asked about us about the Alberto questions and getting kind of like I've done for other sources stuff like that. It was 10. Going to his campsite has always been under his direct that I never ever Alberto connection. Yeah, so what else we got? Man, I don't know I was I was I was kind of expecting for you to be like not I want to talk about I want to talk about all that that's in the past. From Nike so it really didn't affect us. What's up, wherever and cord is still not yet borders of the important. So really didn't do much forever. You know, I went to cancel don't know what you can do with Alberto envy and the same time so proposed at least very safe place to and you know girls I was going to Joy to be around if I think he's got a really kind of a bad a bad thing the media stuff like that, but that's just my personal experience. I ever had any kind of contact with them. It was never anything that here on choose. Red, here's he's son their teammate. He wants to talk to you about adding one more person into this. This is this is red. He's one of the captains of our Sprint Squad it full circle cabin with me. Today bright red like the color red color. Oh, yeah. I think he actually wants to run College brother, uh, because they have a good, you know track team there so probably yeah sorry coach keep trying to push me to do higher than that, but I'm not to do hiding that. I'm just trying to keep it fun to do this. Always do anything more than a metaphor some? Hey Ice Arena, which when you started track and field like we're you always Nate. I'm the guy that started did, you know pretty early on that you wanted to like continue it in through. College yeah. Was to me was just that I was just a way to get out of my way for me to be like, okay. Well now that I'm running best I could possibly go to a college that and the best floor. I wasn't the smartest guys. So I need to add powers at the universities to help get me in there. So for me check and it has always been about presenting itself with opportunities and that's what college and then once I was in college, that's what the profession has stated and that pesky on fire take it how many opportunities to open up with it. All right, so you got any new races coming coming soon? No find out for a while just in time to help pretty good. So for right now, we're just gonna just kind of relax and enjoy sex is my personal mission that will that be that we the whole group them? Yes, everybody except Jessica Hall. She'll be in Australia then for her her National Tribe Called to do we are changing that we have he'll be in catch up for another two weeks and it back. I believe like March 20th or so, but beside that, you know criteria Coco Subaru. She even though we'll have those. Are you Craig and Eric just like training the exact same thing or is it a little bit separate it some are trained days are the same but Craig and Eric matchup. On some days and then myself and your attention up and someday there myself a great matchup. So take my do like tempos and stuff like that and I'll just happening out of my foes and I might used to be working people have any doubt of that but we never really have the exact same training style if your your workouts there's a yeah, I have one question. So are you running track in college right here, then he is. He's a professional her head. I apologize about him. So so so right now are you are you like like is Pete still sending y'all work out to do are you are you just practicing at am struck? Yes. Yeah, it's pretty good. What speaking on speaking on the training with Craig and Eric and all that? I gotta say keep, you know those pics that some people take of you and Craig and they're so beautiful. Where was the time? Yeah. So you put it on your Instagram story that you were in La for like the spring training and Craig was there also, right? Yeah. That was actually LA Dodgers in Phoenix A7 Phoenix camp, but they have their training camp in Phoenix. I was out there watching around a baseball game up in really a baseball funny pillow my buddies and you actually last year actually so everything set up and kind of following up on them and they're unemployed right now doing they're doing their spring training camps, but a month later than our tekzilla many internet actually something you said, but baseball is kind of like a sport up company grow and love I know we're kind of bouncing all over the place here. Why I'll turn up and seeing this why not gonna wipe and Phoenix not fat and not like five staff for. Oh, yeah, I'm just in the warm weather. We really want to enhance your training and your garlic greeting and meter Runners. They really don't benefit to a greatly from the else to train those. Okay. Well, yeah, so is that all we got that's all we got feel really bad for will because he's not here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, maybe maybe in a few minutes. Run there and kind of join in on the loop or I don't know. Alright. Well, thank you. It's definitely been I think our best interview. Yeah. They're once again considering we have three. We got Avery Bartlett with Atlanta Track Club, and we got Spencer Brown from Georgia to Georgetown Georgetown. He the athlete special one. we actually DM team also, so yeah, we we chose you first because you know Viper's I'm not dumb. Are you kidding me? I before before my races, I literally watch watch your records with the turnover speed and how you just sit and then you go. None of them. You're my hero. Absolutely so big thanks to Donovan. Yeah, I don't even really know what to say. I can't really believe we got them. All right. Yeah. This is even splits even split podcast who would have thought thanks Donovan for coming on the show. I really have no idea how Got you. Actually, there were four high schoolers, but I mean account but yeah, I thought that was a pretty good interview. It was in our track office. Yeah, it was out of truck during a track meet with people walking through so that's why the audio might be a little bit so so but you know, that's just the even splits. Wait. That's we just do it. You gotta do it. We just go for it. We're not as good nothing even sweat. We're trying we're trying to make it work just do it. Just do it. Well now we can't. Oh, that's I'm packing that. It's hard Fishel tags. So over the over the weekend Marathon trials. We're putting it on Tuesday. Yeah, so this would have been two days ago three days ago. But yeah, so I thought it's pretty good race raised up coming away with the wind kind of like we all expected. I think yeah, but then the other two guys Jacob Riley and awfully like out of the blue what the heck not expect that it was he the oldest obvious like yeah. One of the oldest guys in the field. Yeah, is it Bernard Bernard? Look at also 43. Yeah. He's yeah, he's yeah, but yeah, so I think this is his fifth Olympic team to make which is like yeah since 1 is 19 19 20 years. Yes. Yeah. That's what I thought. I don't know. Her name is mm. I'm not sure but yeah, he's not there for a while. Um, yeah, I mean it was a good race. I really was I really like the way I don't know if you've seen the race, but Jacob Riley's at twenty miles. He was probably 40 seconds behind. Abdi and the other guy's career and and he just like like that's that's what you that's it. That's how you run a good marathon is like you did you stay back and run within yourself and don't overextend yourself like, um, probably career did and just like the determination of him to get back up to that lead group that take the lead. I think it's pretty impressive. Yeah good things to come she for sure. I mean like he's only Thirty one so it's not like he's super old. But yeah. Yeah, and you do get the the audio After Abdi and Riley cross the finish line hugs of and he's like, he's like one hell of an effort guys. Good job. That's the yeah. Like I mean, it's Kailyn speaking of Galen you see Albert assault Alberta. Yeah trials. I did see that will refrain from some talking about that. Oh, yeah, you know just do we don't we don't want to speculate if anything. I hate when people put stuff out there, you know. Yeah. Okay. I'm so But as far as the women go to Lemak Molly Seidel and Kip's Okapi a go make the team for them. Also. I think pretty unexpected. Yeah, I was thinking I'm Linden. Yeah. Yeah, it does wanted to talk to me. Shuttle, like what happened? Yeah, I guess it was just I mean it was a hardcore. So in Jordan has say Jordan has say although she hasn't really had a good marathon in a while. So I was less surprised that she had had a not great right was when I heard the woman's qualifiers heard Molly settle and I was thinking Molly. Yeah the whole time. Yeah when I mean, that's me, she's got a cool story that I thought was her first marathon ever. Yeah that's was qualified with a half. But yeah, I mean it was a really good race I thought and it'll be great to see these. Guys race in Tokyo and women well guys. Wow all of them. Yeah. I'm down with the offenses. I yeah, I think one thing I heard on the broadcast that was they were talking about how the chose the Atlantic course the US Olympic Committee did to try to emulate the course in Japan and then they changed the course of Japan. So now the course of Japan is like pancake flat so I mean, you know, I mean, who knows maybe Jacob Riley's gonna go out and run 207 on a flat course, like who knows have to bring out our to ten dollars. That's our cue 10 noise. Nobody else. Right? Right, not are ever mentioned friends that house of run. Yeah. We have some track over the weekend to the there's mean it'd be you so spacetimes out there obviously cursor Switzer with the American record. Mmm. Did y'all know what Cyrus the the Bowerman women looked? So I yeah really strong they were basically It was it was it was so Schweitzer broke the American record sure, but then also behind that to other Colleen Quigley broke it by 2 seconds, right? Yeah, and I think Remember, I want to see Shelby Houlihan. Yeah, I want to say Shelby Houlihan. She was the other one by like five seconds. Yeah, there's white surface, which how about Houlihan getting kicked getting out kit? Yeah. That's just not something you really hear. You don't see that too often. Yeah, that's that's not a common occurrence whatsoever. But yeah hell of a hell of a weekend for drag kudos to akershus Schweitzer. Forget the American record. That wasn't I mean endure endure 3K so they don't run it that often but still Still a great race, obviously a phenomenal effort. Yeah, it's not that hard speaking singing opinion of track a little sidekick bit at our meet the okay Bubba Fife out of potato High School in Katy Katy, Texas in Katy, Texas a kid from peyto jumps long jump the Olympic trials standing of 2066. It's like eight meters. So it's like 26 2.9 or something like that. Yeah, and he broke the mirror. Record, right? Oh, yeah. No, he's jumping five feet to it. But yeah, so I mean that's what we go through in Memorial. Yeah, we like we go to meats and all the records are held by Matthew bowling and then we have people I could jump in Olympic standards like stuff and I'm just like I don't want to break 51 like yeah. Well, I hate you. Is the rest of all other schools? Yeah come also to be we got six men breaking the five case Olympic Stadium. Yes. Yeah. So give to qualify for the Olympics think you're at the results here Mark Scott chest Jenkins and for right? I don't actually watch this race. I wasn't drinking on the side. Yeah, but yeah, I mean, obviously the goal is to get the 5Ks. Whatever reason to be you. Yeah. But yeah this I mean can't really ask for much more. I guess I'm surprised she has didn't win. Usually he's got a pretty good kick, but the yeah, whatever it was good it. Did y'all see Centro on the mile? I didn't I didn't watch the mile either. No, I didn't watch it. But I signed I like 357. Okay. So not this was just ecstatic. Yeah, that's a lot of Monica. I mean Bowerman is just ruling track and field right now. Yeah big time. We'll see if I guess what is now called the Bowerman Powerman as the pound actual name. There's a lottery you should go work clean podcast. So we're not going to say the names on the podcast, but you should go look them up. They're pretty great. A lot of innuendos Bowerman taromenani come. And now no bomb retirement is ingredient. Good. It's a fantastic name. I'd better push it through. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty much it for the Recaps coming up. We got ncaa's you just seen this bu Last Chance lineup. And though I was at me. Okay, we were all enemy. We're all know. We were all I'm a bad guy. The only one I did research I missed a lot of good track this week. So for those of you that don't know listeners to there's be doesn't meet that's like two weeks before ncaa's or like a week before NCAA is where they run. They have a Pacer go out at what they need to run to make the NCAA mile final or the incident CAA endure like mile championships and so right now the time to beat Because they take the top 16 times. So right now the time to beat is 358 in the mile. So be he's got a last chance to meet with I think nine or ten college athletes that are running the mile that are going to try and break 358 to make the Championships. I don't I didn't see an actual start list. I'm not sure exactly who it is. I just saw this on the phone. Let's run but it was yeah, so they're going to try and break that I mean these obviously a fast-track 358 over its that's a lot to ask but yeah, definitely check that out. That's gonna be a good race. So for runners, that didn't make the Olympic team. What do you think comes next and then you think I think I'm yeah, I mean so like so sometimes we're taking a step down right? So maybe they go back to focusing on like Jim Walmsley. I don't think anybody think himself included anybody expected him to actually make the team. But yeah, well you were telling me this morning in the interview that he was just like, oh, yeah. It's just 26 miles. Yes, and I see someone so so maybe they start focusing on the 50K. Hatake Hanuman, right, right. Yeah, I mean this this is a blip for them. That's true. I mean it's you know, it's tough to run a marathon and get fourth place. Yeah, I make you look at team but you know, you gotta live in move on what be like what about Jared word? Like he hasn't raced a 10K and a couple probably what four years five years since he was at BYU. Yeah. So like this, I guess he's just going to outdoor put his focus on Boston. Yeah. I don't know how Really race on the track. I think look out. We'll go back to the 10K. Yeah. So yeah, that's going to be just handsome. And do you think Galen Rupp could be Jim Walmsley and you know a 100 mile. It could be close I think would be close. I don't know depends on how they ran. Because if Walmsley goes out hard, I think he's gonna win every time he's just suffer. But like if it's if it's one of those if it's like a hundred K race and and they're kind of just sitting on it. Yeah, wait Hannah Carolina. Mom hundred miles a hundred miles a hundred miles big old difference. Yeah. Well for me, I thought that's what you think. Yeah, come on. So are we talking about rub is training for it or he's just going out if he's training for it. See I don't know because It's not often you get a 2 of 6 marathoner turn into Ultra. Usually they just retired. Yeah, so I don't even I don't even try to know what a 206 Marathon over translate to in a hundred-mile. Yeah. Sure. Probably not very good. Yeah, it's a huge jump in distance people jumping listens. There's no way that that's makes a huge like it. You guys know what pace one her mouth like a normal basis. I know that Ruffs marathon pace is 456 for his for this weekend's. Yeah, 11 hours and 19 minutes is the total time for the hundred-mile world record at a pace of 648 per mile. Yeah. That's why I'm sleeping. Yeah, I'd like like that's like 648, you know, obviously rough. Hey, you know, whatever 648 no big stump big deal to feel Most even regular high school athletes but for 12 hours. Yeah 12 hours. That's that's ridiculous. No. Yeah, I think I think probably junghwa I'm so stupid would take that it because though I mean I rub hates to lose so he would definitely put up a good fight, but I don't know if you had the strength probably the last 20 miles to hang because I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean it's 26 miles to go and he still got a whole race of what he's normally Levi has already run 74 million different races. Yeah. That's true. That's it require different things. That's like when you meet somebody from another Sport and they're like just move your legs faster just like push through it. That's like well, that's a that's a big leap in logic there. Exactly. This is a hundred miles. Yeah. What about you think Molly huddle? Go back to the 10K. I don't know. It's been it's been a little odd. I think she's your two or three marathons. So probably play your to you. I mean, maybe she just 10 K. I mean, I guess it just depends on how bad she wants to make the Olympic team. Yeah, I mean or if she feels like she wasn't shot. Yeah, that's that's where it's at because I mean some of these guys are like like in the men's field I mean You know, they know that there aren't enough spots for even a half of them like Joey Mo and and pretty well, I don't have to lie. Most gonna run the 10K but presumably, what's his name? Oh, yeah speaking about chili my um lamang broke. Oh, yeah record. Yeah. Oh, that's right. Yeah recap that. Yeah, and they haven't posted anything since so I think that people is over. Well, I don't know if it is or not. I thought may be postponed. Yeah totally McCann. Bombs until they're both racing exactly. What till they brace at the same time this or visible rest of this is a heavyweight matchup. Yeah. There's just the cardfight the The Talk Stops until they get an opportunity to meet. You know, I that's going to be I cannot I'm so excited for that race when they first race each other that I am so looking forward to that. I was I was watching a replay of race a while back where we're to Lima was Being a whole time and he was like looking back and telling Lopez and one of the guy like a member but he was like, yank. Somebody come need this and then I think with a maybe a maybe at the 3K Mark or something. He just like moved to the left and slows down as like ya go. You're leading this it there's a major beef between Chile Moen Bowerman. Yeah the bartender because he races how he races and doesn't like to paste those guys. Yeah. I was referred for K. I was like you too. And like right before the 5K like chili man who just goes like and he was with no fair and he just goes like this. Oh, well Fair, how are you gonna do that to me about Fair though, like when the cameras pointed on and he just goes like I couldn't do that to my Farrah. He's such a nice guy, you know, also, you know what actually speaking of speaking of you know, I Ferragamo thing about could chugging it got me thinking about just being dominant you sear up on the start line. I'm down flex and it's not it's not even like it's not like he's getting down like like on a knee like that. He's just like everyone's staring at him God. I just I hope this starts soon so I can leave I've seen the memes about that. Oh, yeah, it's a meme now. So great. Well, we should get some of that on XE track mean I could, you know, send So speaking of like you were saying being dominant in your Sport AS Belk ipra? I love the guy loving wants to race. What's the race cars? I had I did a double take when I read this headline and I haven't like actually read the article and make sure it wasn't like a satire why just in the last couple of months think athletes have been saying they want to do different sport, but what has become probably Fair can't run because of serving a four-year pan for DOMA. Yeah. So there's that elephant in the room, but I love this man. This is awesome people. Like if you haven't seen this guy's Twitter page just low. I was actually looking at today like all he poses like I didn't dope. I didn't know a single day. I don't know if he really understands that being a super good athlete on your legs has nothing to do with driving a race car. He might he might be really good at it. I don't know. We we don't we need to keep a list of athletes morning saying that they want to either get into track or get out of track. I think Kip Rock wanting to race cars might be at the top of my list right now because that's just so hilarious. Yeah. I want to maybe he'll be good at it. I mean, he's good tactics may be no because it just bleeds every race ya. I want Bryce Harper with a come out and say first of all, I want I want Bryce Harper come out challenge Donovan like and start start a new the fly Club hasn't chilling and then also go to the NFL. It's just I'd be better than Donovan this play receiver and often to be safety and then hop up out of it up three sides of the line. That's what I want. Yeah, I'd love to see that except brought something might have to gain a hundred almost a hundred literally a hundred pounds. Yep lose a lot of weight when you're when you're driving like race cars. Yeah. Yeah, email our show even splits podcast at gmail.com. Got any questions were happy to read them out. Yeah, catch us next time. Peace. Test one two tests tests and your stupid test. Do you want to say anything are you reporting that? Yeah, that's was just waiting for him to see like I'm going to use that in and out take okay. Don't delete that. Oh, I'm still waiting for me say I don't want to say nothing.