I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes. I'm insecure that's why I did all this we didn't let you know that the cameras would be here. I did Julia. Let me did okay Mateo is a very funny comedian a good friend and a very talented gentleman in general and and naked friend and a naked friend. We have a great nude encounter that we had first. Let's start there. It's not as if you think it's because we like a bathhouse. Julia was fuck. I mean it's a long shot but But really we just go to the same gym, but we were like changing at our backs to each other and got naked which I love that you get naked in the locker rock. Yeah, that's great. That's very huapi of us. Yeah, and then any of at one point I like was in your like, oh, I'm sorry. Like it's okay. I don't know why I wouldn't recognize each other's voices. They're both pretty recognizable and then fully dressed turn around like oh hello. Hi Julia, you had lowered your voice an octave. And I don't know if he's trying to like not get that some gays. I'm trying not to get hate crime. Right right. You were do you were defending yourself? Because if I had used my guest on voice like yes, yeah, I'm sorry. Let me just move this shirt. They're correct. You know, I mean I can you know, if I'm in a lot what it is Equinox. So everyone there is like everyone ends a sentence in an S. Hi we're all very gate Equinox is so many questions. Okay, so I know that you're an incredible opera singer sure and I've watched watched your late-night sets. I love the one where you open with Nessun Dorma fucking job. Now. It's O Mio babbino Caro. Oh, that's right a falsetto. Like I do it in a fake voice. That's gonna say I don't thing like I don't sing in that register, but your speaking voice is very much a baritone bass bass to full base. And you did the guest star. He's the only Disney character lead. I know that is a base. I think so you might be right. Yeah because all the other princesses are kind of like baggy Tenors, you know, sure. Earth now, what is your vocal part? Well, I'm a base when I sang Opera but then I can sing really high. That's my point. I mean, how is that even possible? I don't know my deep my voice teacher told me I had really long vocal cords. So like the fact that I'm like going like the and then that's our helps It Go like like the yeah, the high was its own. Yeah, but I'm a little tired right now so they don't sound so good. Good God it is a pretty big range. So I think six octaves Heavens all together. I mean, I I'm a base and I've done a lot of singing do you thing I do? Yeah work to take lessons and stuff. I did. Yeah. Nice you think classical. Well, I grew up singing in the chamber choir and stuff like that, right? That's great. You did you originally have like this. Were you stick one of the kids singing in your I was like I was like, holy night. And you're like, you know, we didn't sing. I didn't sing in a chamber choir at church. So I thought you were like the church like Catholic, you know, not like no no like Protestant or some yeah Episcopalian. Yeah. Yeah so different than Catholics. Yeah. Yeah, but but I was never able to come even close. I mean my falsetto would kick in usually file setup for basis though is quite strong because our vocal cords are longer. So you're able to use more of your range real? All true Tenors like Pavarotti, I their voice is already so high up in the register that they're already singing where our falsetto would start. So it's like they don't have like the range of falsetto. I mean that's not true for everybody if I think most people like it that's this is my energy. Yeah. I'm very interested. Okay, my are your fans even give a shit. You remind me to know it's about you got to love it. Operatic. Well, it's about this whale who's like the greatest opera singer in the history of the world and like, you know, how there's the things in the back of your like throw that shakes the like, yeah that thing this whale had three of them so he could sing and like the blue lady and V Holland he could sing as she has that deal. Just remember she was like been a bit like her voice like we got really weird. So is that but then this this Italian opera guy thinks that he swallowed opera singers because she's a swell of three opera singer. And so then they murder the whale and it says you gotta see it. It's great. Really a terrible story. It's tragic for sure this whales like icicle literally like murder him. It's really incredible. You got an Italian folk story. No, but economies magic. It doesn't end. Well every account nothing ends. Well, right after breakfast operas movies coffee, that's you know, someone's a true WAP to like, you know, Alex Pavone. Yes, what is swap a while? Derogatory term for Italians. Wow Guinea greaseball day go Gonzalo games. I never heard genzo before keep your Jeep. I started thinking my dad made some what's up. Let's keep a geep is a fucking you know, hey, you guys aren't even Sicilian to know we're going but we might as well be like this whole new audience other thing. Like my dad's family are there like mountain people they're not like sophisticated, but even them they'd be like, we're not Cecilia. Right? Right, you know, my dad would say that but yeah sure. We have family members who my chorus Yes, I have a question. Yeah, I'm sure you have many I don't understand how your biceps can be that big. Well, I'm wearing a kid's extra-large. Okay, so it looks I always I always focus on your biceps all over your you just come out right now. I am very shy and very happy to tell you so you buys that look here cameras the thing I don't understand though Mateo. I Workout compulsively. Okay, and I spend a lot of time doing bicep exercises and I do tons of pull-ups. I've read all the things. I cannot add any meat to Mama names and how tall are you 6 foot 3 my God, and how much do you eat a day how many meals a lot? Like, how many calories what you've been saying? You haven't been eating. Well lately. It's like what'd you have for breakfast a big portion of Overnight oats with banana and blueberry, there's no protein. Well, there's their Mick it's mixed with I make it myself have it. You should at least if you want to like really gain muscle and you're working out that consistently you need to be supplementing your muscles with protein to help them grow and repair. I know and I there have been times in my life where I've gone through phases of truly trying to put on weight and I got up to 218. That's good once and now I'm 205. I'm in 165 The most I've ever weighed, but even when I was 218 pounds most of the muscle was in my legs and shoulders. Well, then I could not get my arms to look any different you could you just have to be lifting heavier and eating more unfortunately mean, that's pretty much it you what about steroids? No, well stairways will give you muscles for sure. But steroids will also here's why I want to steroids are so tempting for me because I'm that vein and insecure that I would love to just be like my dream would be to be just like gays who take steroids just so they take a good picture at Mykonos once a year. That's my goal. But I don't need back knee and I don't need enlarged organs. I don't manage and here's why I won't do it permanently changes your vocal cords, really so it would be hair up to. Yeah, and I'm already my hair is already going. So it's like I don't need to lose more hair and I was like years and years and years of training. I'm Mike. Ways which I use all the time. It'd be gone right not gone, but like not the same so I couldn't depend on it the way it can depend on it now, so I wouldn't do it that that right. Okay, do I remember the day Mateo? And I'm sorry. I'm not trying to change the subject. But this is in relation to this. When you are skinny little guy hmm and you one day were like I'm going to get really jacked. You said that you're like I'm gonna get a huge now you like I'm trying to get huge and you all in hell so goes and I no longer give a fuck and I was like, what do you mean and then he just look at my Instagram and then that was the day where you truly became free a free bird dude, and you've never looked back. You've been killing ever since in all facets of Life. Thanks, man. That's good. So the shred he It was must have been three years ago, maybe like three and a half years ago four years ago. I was like, I need to change and my sisters ifbb Pro International Fitness bodybuilder. So her whole job is like she's very like famous in that world and she knows everything about like your body nutrition everything. They're just called her up and I was like write me a diet. So she did and I followed I mean and I was 140 at the time and now I'm 165. So that's how much muscle I've had to put on over to over four years. May takes a long time and every time you constantly adapting your Your diet so I've changed my diet recently. I'm back to five meals a day and it's a lot big meals and I've watched you eat whatever the fuck you want to I usually reserve one meal a day to like eat whatever I want. They have a high metabolism is this is this interested is very but but yeah, so she had me start she was like you just need to start eating. So my first diet was like my breakfast was like two Bagels seven egg whites. Like she just had me eating and eating eating because she's like you have to put on weight and I did We have the time I would like what I just didn't know how to eat. That sounds crazy. But I'd like wake up make coffee maybe have cereal then like three hours later. Like I guess I love pasta and then like, I don't know like an hour later. I'm like, maybe I don't know maybe peanut butter then for dinner. I'm like whatever mean Evan Williams could find in the city doing open mics and like I guess we'll just get like Indian food or Chinese food or just like not like thinking about my diet now. I'm like it's been three hours. I have to have this much protein in this much carbs. I love them too. Although blocked you find it. Exhausting to be that no, I like it. I'm someone who I'm a creature of habit. I love to have a routine. I hate breaking my routine. Even when I go on the road, I bring Tupperware with me I go to a grocery store. I by pre grilled chicken I buy instant rice. I bet it's an oatmeal been yogurt and then I can microwave my meals and keep myself on my diet and it you it's cheap, too. I'm spending $50 for four days meals done. Since starting up the podcast Julia and I have spoken to a lot of people who are considering starting their own podcasts and everything. We say to them we always say the same thing we say you've got to do it on anchor that's where we started our podcast. It has been the most user-friendly easiest most seamless way for us to build this and also to monetize it it's free. They have creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so you can Put it on they put it on Spotify apple and podcast and all those other places without you having to do it and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership right out of the gates. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started McKay. I have so many more questions, please. Okay. I want to move into a different realm. Okay? Okay. So here's a question today on Twitter the hashtag I stop tweeting. Segoe over a year ago today. I saw a trending hashtag, which was real bisexual man. Uh-huh, and it was all these guys who were saying because someone had said there's no such thing as a bisexual man, you know, and you've heard we've heard that before like if you hook up with guys, you're just gay and you know, whatever and these guys were all kind of saying no no back and forth. My question for you is oh God now, I'm the faggot. But all of a sudden, all right God, you know, I certainly believe in the Kinsey scale spectrum of section. I hear a but coming no pun intended. Is there such a thing as a dead center bisexual man. Yeah who will be just as likely to be attracted to women and here's what I would say about that. I would say that comes from not to be super serious, but it comes from some systemic misogyny and homophobia where men are so misogynistic and so homophobic for a long time. They believe women could be bisexual because they still wanted to believe that they were still of interest to that woman. It's still served them in some way but it was an anti feminine being anti-gay is also being anti feminine because what you're trying to say is, oh you're acting a feminine you do this with another man. Oh, then you are like a woman. It's it lumps those two together. So I think back in the day if you sucked one dick, you're a fag forever. Right? And so now we're trying to change that words. Like well know there are guys out there who can suck a dick and also be interested in women. It's just pot. I mean it just is what it is. But but I think we're so stuck in our ways of like, well, it's not not you in particular but it is a narcissistic point of view too soon because you can't wrap your mind around it. Then it just can't exist. Not you in particular. I'm talking about these people. I'm sorry. We're eggs. Essential right. So yeah, someone says they're bisexual dead center down the middle bisexual fine. Great. I think the reason I ask that is not because I don't believe in it. It's just that most of the bisexual people that I have met sing to prefer one side or the other that and they've admitted that like, they're the majority of their dating history and also changes with every person you talk to like I think trying to let me just speaking as my experience. People try and say all gays are this way, which I can make jokes like that but it's like I'm being I'm trying to be funny. You don't even like I'm trying to make whatever but generalization about people because you know a few other people who feel certain way doesn't represent everybody as a whole. I actually think there's a lot more bisexual people out there, but I think there is this kind of because people, you know people you say you're gay the believe you you say, you're straight the believe you sometimes and I think people get such backlash for saying that they're bisexual that they just don't even want to deal with it. Would you say that bisexual people are now how I become the expert on this. Well, I just I just I'm so fascinated by sexuality in general. Okay, I can tell by your shorts. Yes. Yeah. I wore them specifically because I know your kind I think now I can't remember what I was going by the way. I'm not the expert. So everything I'm saying who the fuck knows but Pretty down for anything. Nice. Well, that's I mean, that's really interesting. I mean, yeah, I agree with you. I think that it took to try to like sort of and I know that it's hockey to even use the word label. Yeah, it's true the idea of being like you said this Therefore your best is very much oversimplifying something much more complicated also human nature to want to categorize things but them in a box and keep them there. So we understand it right. It's like a fish Behavior to be like that. Well, I need to understand what you are. So tell me what you are exactly so that way I know it's like what is this? Like why is any of this we make so many other people's business about ourselves when it has nothing to do with us and that's not even just a bisexual people is with trans people to gay people's with straight people. It's with non-binary people. It's like I don't understand why we're so caught up in this idea of identity politics of like of needing to know what somebody is in. What they are like has nothing to do with like it just goes to show you don't care who someone is you care what you think they are and it's like stopping us from moving forward. I think that's a lesson I think parents can learn with everything about their kids, you know, I mean this idea that you know, what's right right is not correct. And you also forget I feel and I get I'm not a parent. So I'm doing the smartest thing a parents ever done. I'm not having children. It's probably very Are you obstinate about that? I will never have kids. You know what I hate when I say I don't want kids and people follow up but you know, you can have them like, oh my God wasn't asking how to acquire them. I know how to acquire them. I talked to a lesbian, but I was like, no I said, I don't want them. What part white what? What's what is this? I feel like you know, we forget that we assume that we didn't know anything when we were younger, right? And I don't know if you guys have ever done this I've looked back at my Like diary stuff and I don't really have one but there were times where I would write stuff down and I've kind of come across them over the years and I've noticed that I am so much more like my current self than I ever thought that I was, you know, I mean, so I think that that is something that parent a parent should remember when they're dealing with their kid is that they know what they want sort of you can guide them as a artist. I think it's interesting in the same way which like interesting that you said because what I was thinking as a kid was constantly being documented because I was always drawing it and my interests and what I draw and paint today haven't changed. So who you are as a kid is who you are as an adult. I mean, obviously there's changes and you evolve and you learn and you grow but I think the base of who you are just grows. You don't quite change like I don't feel so different than I mean, I feel more confident. I feel smarter and I feel like you know those types of things where like internally like at core who I am. I feel the same as I was when I was five my faggot and a giant homosexual. Love storm and Maleficent. That's why am I love Maleficent Dude Love. Do she asked was my everybody has a cat. She's not the Angelina Jolie bullshit. No, I'm talking the 1959 designed by Mark Davis Sleeping Beauty Disney Art Director Ivan are all Maleficent. If you're listening to the podcast, that means that you probably like podcasts and you probably like music too and on Spotify you can listen to all of that in one place for free. You don't need a premium. Count on Spotify you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode download episodes listen to offline wherever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends via spotify's Integrations with social platforms, like Instagram Spotify is a huge catalogue of podcast on every topic including Hoops. So you can just search for the podcast that you're looking for on the Spotify app and add it to your library today Spotify is the world's leading music streaming service and now it can be your go-to for podcasts as well. If your life is this I think the word panoply I don't know what that means. I don't know it just a totally amazing group of interests that you have become a master at Art struggle. That drawing is that are like it was the first time you just said, I don't know. I was trying Irish Artistry and art is amide. It didn't work and then of course. Music and singing you play the piano and I know I know I just saying okay, if I could play the piano I would be sitting in a mansion somewhere never speaking to you people and then somehow you became a fantastic stand-up comedians. Sure. So well, that's true. How do you balance these things? Which one would you have wanted at a young age to have succeeded in the most? Well, okay. So you want is this guy hope this interim a I can get into it. Sort of have an existential conversation about my theories on Art and what that means but I don't know if it's gonna be entertaining for your sisters. That's that whatever you want. I'm yakking about drawing an arc. I think my first identity was an illustrator and I think I really do believe you're born an artist. I don't know if you can work at it. I think people can work at a skill but there's just such a difference looking at different artists and Painters and look some people just are born. With it, and my mother was born with it. Maybe it's Maybelline, but she was but my mother's a brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant artist. But look she grew up Italian Mexican like her life was to have kids, you know what I mean and that in that she did but she never forced us to draw anything, but I think it's genetics because my brother's the top designer at Apple and my sister is a can do interior decoration. Unbelievable. I mean, she's such a brilliant mind with that and I can draw and paint. And I was gonna ride this neurotic compulsion as a kid. I don't know what it was to draw and get better and drawing it better that is must be innate with my personality or how I'm wired but I did get whatever my mom had in terms of art, but I do think when you think of like art you think of singing when you think of Comedy it all stems from the same place it all comes from the not just the need to express yourself, but I think it's communication so and it might interest in language. I think I I must have a fundamental need to feel the need to communicate and you communicate through stand-up you communicate through singing you communicate through ART. So I think that's where it stems from but a lot of those processes work the same way. So my process with art and the type of dedication and sacrifice you have to have in order to achieve the goals you want for yourself is literally like putting yourself in a straight jacket. I mean you just when I The same way I did Art is the same way to stand up. No drinking. No dancing. No dating. No, I just was just doing art. That's all I want to do. I had seven our painting classes I go home. I paint for another seven hours. I lived in Italy to pain. I was like obsessed with painting and drawing and then I got a job working as an illustrator and had to build up that portfolio is all just admit. It's all you know, putting yourself in a routine and getting yourself better and and stand up the same way at some point when I started started doing stand-up. I saw so many parallels with singing and drawing like well, this is where I'm at when I started singing and I have this much more to go like you can start to see the same patterns in this in different art forms, because it all comes from the same place. It's just a different type of expression. So if that makes any sense to me, this makes sense in my head. Yeah. No I get what you're saying. It's like the type of thing that you know, it's a process right? I mean for lack of a better term I guess and it takes time and you can You get what you put into it some degree as well and it requires focus and kind of like energy to make those strides because I could easily not make them right and I actually don't see much difference between those three things singing drawing sand up to me. They do feel quite similar. So if you had your pick which one would be the one that would become your full-time career and for which you'd be coming up. I mean I did drawing for a full-time career and it kills you when I met You and Jordan? Yeah. Yeah and then singing I buy do singing I do monthly show Joe's Pub where I get to sing. But there's too much pressure with singing not the same type of pressure with stand up singing. You have to worry about your voice worry about think it's just a singing. I don't know it was we'd be good so it would become the same as drawing where like you're doing it and you start to lose joy for it. So stand up. I always feel Joy or at least I mean I'm doing eight years. So maybe 15 years. I'll have a different opinion on it, but stand up but if I had to like keep one of them drawing interesting just because it's like at the core that's I think what I am is a illustrator well because there's my first identity and it's what's most natural to me like sitting and drawing if I couldn't drive I think I would end it do you ever I would I would literally ended I would like done. Do you ever feel that your pursuit of the other disciplines takes you away from improving in any one of them? No, because I think you need a balance. Like if you do too much stand-up you where you grow tired of it and your brain needs to move somewhere else and like concentrate on something else. So I go through waves of like drawing tons of drawings. Like I fly a lot so I draw when I'm flying. So I'll just sit on my iPad and draw right and And someday just like one day will come and it's done. Yep. I need to let that refill back to stand up, you know and singing singing kind of comes and goes, you know, like how much joy you feel with it. It's all kind of organic. Well me ask you guys a question. This is the snow this art discussion is reminded me of this and this is something that I've been hearing for years that frustrates me. I want to know where you guys stand on this I'll go to the museum and you know, whether it be Moma or the met when they're modern. Art Wing and they'll be paintings and a lot of them people be like, oh I could have made this and that frustrates me. Yeah. It's like we you didn't maybe exactly you didn't make it right and the fact that they just did it at all. I know it's just one color a blue, right? There's some interesting story as to why and like you didn't do it. Therefore that in my opinion is outrageous things because Modern Art the this is the thing aren't used to be a service of the church and rich people and You know people didn't read back then so you needed art tell stories you needed art to sort of share your history. Then photography came out and that's when our took a huge shift because we didn't need portraits anymore. We didn't read these realistic paintings anymore. So we moved into impressionism. We moved outside of the studio. The technology of the art got better people were painting what they were feeling rather than what they were seeing which changed how we see art. And then that started this Avalanche of Of how do we progress and move forward in art? And so sometimes you look at pieces like the Syrah painting in Chicago the put the data painting I can park right in the in Ferris Bueller, right? So that's something that will exist forever in time. Right because it's so iconic but some are isn't meant for that. Some are is meant right. Now. I'm just opening the doors to other artists can see art in a different way. So if it's a blue painting just a blue right canvas, maybe that Thing was for a moment in time, but it doesn't mean that it's something that you know, art isn't meant to be I do this and no one else can do it. That's just not the case right art is meant to to express something to Open the Eyes of other people looking at and have people look at something in a different way. Right which is what impressionism post impression. It was an abstract expressionism and cubism and all as you know, pointillism in you know, all these things from Dolly all these painters. We're trying to get us to see art as something besides just the need to propaganda for the church or a nice portrait of a rich lady. Right? Right, right. So that's would be my answer to that. Do you think that there's a line though and what I mean by that is a lot of bullshit in the artwork, right like work when something goes viral for per se the banana the banana peel or piece of trash or something like that that sells for X thousands of dollars and becomes a Story it almost feels like the person is trolling the world at that point. Do you think that that is swell art? And I think that there's this is something that Fran Lebowitz talked about where she was talking about. The blind art collector is the symbolism for what art is and what she was saying is there was a there was a Picasso painting that this guy spent millions of dollars on and then accidentally poked a hole in it, right and and everyone's like which Picasso painting wasn't everyone's like, I don't know. It was the 14 million dollar Picasso. Any like they didn't know the Picasso painting and then the guy owned it was blind. So that's like all right. So the guy can't even see the painting. No one could say what the painting was. We just knew how much money it was so art in and of itself has become all art forms, right is is the history of art is money. It's it is people who can support artists right? So there is this kind of like weird handshake between money and artist Medici let the Medici of course, that's The best example but I mean without it would there be a renaissance right? Exactly, you know, so I think that there's a lot of bullshit artists out there who are less concerned about the actual art form and more concerned about gaining something from it. Looking cool. Will these rich art collectors think I'm the next cool thing. We see this in comedy all the time. We know tons of comedians. Who are you see them doing all these other things? Things except caring about their jokes. I'm doing this and I'm doing that. I'm seen with these people and I'm wearing this and I go there but and it's like, okay, what about the jokes, right? So what's more important to you here and then, you know certain people like other comments like oh that person, you know, whatever they got a big break and they're not even that funny blah blah blah. It's like the emperor that was close. And this is a it's like that exists in every single art form. I mean, there's singers who cannot sing right million dollar singers touring the world microphone to their face. Cannot sing a note same thing. So it's not sometimes, you know, we almost have so much art and there's so much exposure that I don't know that you're going to get a lot of you're not going to catch a lot of Whitney Houston's, you know, saying like that once in a lifetime. She's unbelievable Super Bowl it was unbelievable. How casually she was knocking the stadium down with her voice. She's unbelievable as I moved that track to your point. I know dude. Yes the tracks. Well you said though about The trolling that you could argue is the art the the act of the troll we're like, you know Banks he had the thing that destroyed itself supposedly during the auction, but couldn't you argue that that in itself is the purpose of it? Right? And that would that all make I don't know. It's a great value and I think sometimes you know what you could argue that hey this is this banana peel is represents blah blah blah blah blah, but it's to spend thousands of dollars on it. I'll never forget this. This is the best thing ever. In college, I went to the school of the Art Institute of Chicago. I was in advanced figure painting and my teacher Dan Gustin who I absolutely love it was so tough. I mean he was tough you be remember we have seven our painting classes and he really wanted to challenge you that painting was a lot more about mental blocks than it was physical. And so you'd be working on this painting and he'd walk up and just take black paint smear it and say keep going people would scream or people look right here people would then that so intense and he would always Always say you're not making the Masterpiece. You're working towards it, which I've always kept that in my mind for my whole life this like if I bomb I'm like this isn't the Masterpiece. I am just working towards it. It's just Dan goossen doing this over painting then guess what means nothing to me. So he one time we had this girl coming our class and she was from her studio and she was one of the you know, she's got these giant paintings of these like sexy women right now. It's sort of like, you know, Vaginas and you know, like legs and butts and just like real sexual. Right and she stood up there and she you know, it's critique day. So everyone gets critiqued right you sit there you put your panties everyone's like it sucks. So she starts reading off this thing. She's gone on and on and on this represents this and this represents. That was that she gonna dance just staring at it. And finally he goes I think you just need to admit you like painting naked women and she's like, that's not true. He goes, yeah, I think it is. I think what you read was complete bullshit and that is Art and a sense people want to do something but want to make it feel like it's better or bigger or greater. So they learn how to you know, every time you see a painting and there's a really long explanation next to it chances are not so great if it is a painting and you don't need to read anything about it. That's what painting supposed to do, but might that be a service of the museum in which it hangs. Try to Sure prop it up. Sure, of course our explain what people are looking at right? Sure. Well, this is also the thing that I would say to these people. Who should I Modern Art? It's like what about the previous seven hundred years right where everybody just painted The Virgin Mary and the child like right how many times am I supposed to fucking look at the Virgin a lot? There's a 45 million dollar painting in the mat. That's this big of the verge of marriage and man like this is the same thing. Yeah. I don't know. It's really true that but I believe the original sin the all scriptures because they were written I believe fifty to a hundred years after Jesus death in ancient Greece. So in another country and I believe the translation of young woman moved to Virgin by the time it got translated into Latin, which I think having a virgin birth was already stem from multiple Pagan religions. So I don't even actually think the original story of Mary wherever the fuck that came from. I mean, we know it came from Greece was technically a virgin but I might be wrong on that. Our Pious listeners are going to Google it be various that I mean what struck a chord that we had this devout following of our body Not only was he got a buddy totally blew up my theory. Never allow Mateo back. I know I'm really I really am not a fun guess. I'm sorry one all this all this for good lighting. Okay. I'm really out of a million. Cozy that rhyme so cozy are you joking? This is great. I'm living this place is amazing. It is amazing. Well, so that brings up what the whole meat of this podcast. Yes, sir, which is we try to you know, ask our guests about mistakes that they've made I don't see that I've made any So thanks fair enough fair enough. And I know that what you're going to say and I understand they LED you to where you are now and ultimately they weren't mistakes. But things at the time that you felt what you felt was a mistake and how you handled it and things that scared you in the moment where you thought oh boy. I don't know how I'm going to get out of this. I don't know if in the moment but I looking back now realize like maybe like I used to tweet live. I used to live tweet Red Carpet Events and just like go after like the ugly dresses and like make fun of people and so I just like mean-spirited. I'm sure it's funny like I could look back not probably see it's funny. But like I wouldn't do that now, you know, like, how am I exerting my energy is this worth it? Well, do you also think it's because now you are a prominent person you are a person who could be getting ridiculed by some random person on Twitter. I'm not already have right, you know, but it's more about like the more you're doing. Thing that just again the better gauge that you have of what you're doing. And is that the kind of stuff that I want to get into you'd remember to like a lot of stuff when you're starting out. You just want to be seen you want to be noticed. You want to feel validated for the work the sacrifice that you're putting in. So you go to these extremes. Do I audition for The Blue Man Group, right? Okay again, I'm like here's the thing is like I also have to be forgiving to myself. I was a young kid on TV for the first time being told by people that I trusted that something was going well and that wasn't the case so Now when I'm on set I'm quite I'm not difficult by any means, but I'm not I don't just whip. Someone comes up and tells me something I see that red flag. I immediately shut it down and just I don't give a shit. I'm just like, nope. I'm not doing that. Well, we really like if I'm not so you're gonna have to figure out something else because I'm not going to go through that again. I'm not gonna hurt someone's feelings or do something I don't want to do or you know, that's really interesting hundred percent. Yeah. Someone asked me to do a show. In about a month and it's just a big stand-up show and I agreed to do it and then yesterday he messaged me to asked to confirm and I said great. Yep still in and he said okay, by the way, there's one other thing. I wanted to run by you. It's no big deal. The reason this show came to be was because another comedian dared me that I couldn't do it and make it happen and nobody really knows who That guy is I was just thinking it'd be a lot more meaningful because people like origin stories if I could say that you were the comedian who dared me to do it. What and I was like dude. I am not. No, I don't want to be part of your lie. Right? Right. Like that's I'm sorry, but no. Yeah that he was like, oh, okay. Well, I didn't think it would be a big deal dude. Oh, that's so annoying. You can't you can't just fabulous. You're overreacting to you're weird. Wow. Will it go fuck yourself? Yeah, people think that like just because they offer stage times means that I'm desperate enough to go do it and this and as I have dignity, yeah, fuck you, you're not a part of your neurotic compulsion to prove something to bunch of strangers and they use me know right? That's not what this is about. Yeah. It's true. You need to learn that moment because like there's been plenty of times to where I'm like, I'm a team player. I want them to say that I was going to work with and they'll hire me again later, right all bright-eyed and then you realize that you really Really just get taken advantage of that John particular. I did have a bad experience that whole show me it was good for like learning TV and learn. It was like TV Camp boot camp. Yeah, you know what? I mean, but stuff like that. It's like I really learn it's like, oh, I you know, yeah stuff like that. So something like that keeps me up. I'm like, I have a knot in my stomach thinking like, you know, not that it's going to come haunt me or anything, but I just just the fact that like you You can so easily be taken advantage of and people don't understand because the producers aren't going to get in trouble there by the way that shows over with they moved on to other jobs away were the casualty absolute. I'm the one in front of people. I'm the one getting called faggot on Twitter. So it's like, you know, yeah, you got to want to wear that or no. I don't you know what? I mean? You have to be like a little and kind of in control of your image and career and letting people take advantage of you absolutely did they do an indie films especially really, I mean, I don't know. Been asked to eat shit. Where am I eating? That dude? Like well Leah the John Waters there asked me to eat mushrooms like these and I was there my eating raw mushrooms. Do I just did a commercial with yanis? And it was for a heartburn relief commercial and we were supposed to pretend to eat like spicy stuff and then, you know, like be funny this and that well, you know, we're eating stuff and the first of all the director was horrible and there was no Direction. I mean there I was like, do we need this again? How should we be responding? And we're also in a parking lot. It's really hot. And so they didn't tell us they put in like the really the spiciest spice you can get like those like daring spice ones. Yeah, and then surprised us and I start you took one bite and you're involuntarily crying weeping sweating blah blah blah this and that. Everyone's laughing. I when I make when I mean I was angry. Oh, I was Furious stuff like that. That like you fucking assholes. I'm an adult. I'm a professional you I'm not on Fear Factor. That's crazy. Yeah, I was Furious yanis was laughing at me. That's really annoying. Dude. Wow. Well, man Mateo what a fascinating the breath the breath the bread the breadth of this podcast with you has been far exceeded. It has exceeded. Anyway, I feel like I know we covered. You know your existential take on Art sure as well as sexuality and you know your regrets of yoked, but not really regrets yoked getting. Yeah. Yeah, and it's and we really appreciate it. Thank you for coming on for having me where can our beloved listeners follow you the papaya stand on 6th Avenue. You can follow me on Instagram it Matteo Lane matto, Ellie any unless you don't. Like male nudity then don't yeah, that's what I would recommend any upcoming shows that you want to buy. When does this air it? Will Air next Thursday? All right. Let's see what I got going on. So I like how my but came up as a selfie in my phone, but I will be at the house of comedy in Phoenix, Arizona, March 5th the 8th, March 20th to the 21st. I'll be at Lincoln lot Chicago March 26 28. I'll be at the Vermont. Many club and April 9th to April 11th. I'll be at the comedy store and lie Yaya Yaya, La Hoya La Hoya I speak Spanish, California. Nice. Fuck. Yeah, you can find all my dates. I've been tailing comedy.com great G3. I would be a South by Southwest. I think Cap City comedy club on that Thursday, and then I'm somewhere Saturday. I forget the exact place, but I'll be posting about and stuff. So and I Julio cool at Francis cease. CLS for me. I'm at Helium Comedy Club, Philadelphia, March 5th to the 8th tickets for that at Francis Ellis.com. This is duped the podcast. Thanks as always for