Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be is my fun fact about Nick P. Oh Nick be told me that pants is underwear and Britain it is Italy. Absolutely. Yeah, I think underwear is like this is going to send to loons racy, but nickers nickers Nick Nick Nick it all. It's the new me please if underwear is called Pants. What do you call pants trousers trousers? Yeah houses mate. That's where the term trouser snake comes from. I'll teach you this episode also brought to you by Ryan Ryan makes a bunch of Dick jokes all the time and I have to listen to them and pretend to laugh or roll my eyes and they just never you don't have to laugh Jen. That's the patriarchy making I know Ryan. Laughing all the patron or hole or cave comes up right makes it yeah. Yeah brought to you by spider time. Okay so spider Tom. Requested the Australian funnel-web spider and they looked terrible but I've realized that I can look this up on my laptop instead of my phone. So I don't have to hold them. She's genuinely looking away from it there. Yeah, I love the did Spyder FAQs to make me freaked out at Jenkins like a goddamn King. Yeah, that's actually funny and true. So anyway. These spiders the worst can of funnel spider kill you. These are questions. I want anything kill you if they try hard enough. Also, we're all funnel-web spiders should be treated as potentially life-threatening really even though only approximately 10 to 15 percent of whites are venomous. So it's like Vite Vite saravanan American German very suddenly, but they all should be considered potentially toxic just like a dating partner only 10% will kill you but all should be looked at as potentially toxic. Yep. Okay, so it's a member of a group of spiders known as Australian. On a web spider. So they're only in Australia. Yeah. Okay most live in the ground but a few species on the eastern coast of Australia live in wet forest trees and apparently they dig burrows and Tom's nephew keeps trying to stick his fingers into these Burrows. What's never do that? So, hey Tom's nephew. This is a public service announcement. Yeah, because it's like a whole new Undertaker finger in it Mike. That's normally something different for my gate. Yeah. Hey don't stick any part of your body into this thing because a spider will crawl on it and 10% might kill you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't mean you can Take 10% of your finger in it. Just the ten. You'll be safe. No make a tip take it Snickers episode also brought to you by Rebecca. So today we did a quiet place, right? The main one of the main characters is pregnant. Oh God. I know this is gone College eyes in advance to everyone. I looked kind of pickup lines like you do. Yeah, I do. Hey Rebecca. Hey is the baby kicking because your body is That's actually sort of nice. And if you want to look kicking on your way to the emergency room to deliver your baby makes you get visits right on top Disney on Etsy and get yourself some pregnancy Disney ears. The roundness of the ears will direct attention away from the roundness of his belly. Exactly. Although you are beautiful you are beautiful and now it's time for another episode of the patriotical create me some theme music. We do need something music for the Patriotic those guys. So email us at the Triana: No, no Rach. Come on. SO guys come up with some patriotic theme music and reach out to us on a horrible person at info at her virgin.com or just on socials and SoundCloud link it and will you forever sound exists? We'll find out Mikey has the story as you know, last week Isaac the cannibal kidnap Matthew and Derek got impaled by the Mary Poppins Umbrella. That's right was left for he died. Can I hit skip recap like on Netflix. Yeah. This week Eddie wanders up to Derek's body and takes the umbrella out like Sword in the Stone style. Bring Derek back to life. I'm sorry. So Matthew can bring people back to life with the Mary Poppins Umbrella, and we're only finding out about it now. Yes. Okay, wait the umbrella has the power to kill and bring back. All right. So the umbrella also amplifies Eddie's Aquaman talk to animals power. Hours, dr. Dolittle. Yeah, so he sends out an alert and it gets back to him some birds come back and say right I know where Isaac has tied up Matthew. Yeah, exactly exactly like that and so him and Derek who's a little confused with like he's like, I'm going to save him too because that guy, you know, kill me. Yeah. Absolutely that umbrella strict. Well, Darryl estoppel. Okay? Okay, so they go to this little clearing. There's a tree in the middle just so you can visualize it right. Of this Matthews tied to it. Matthew's tied to it. Yeah, like his bait. No Isaac's about to eat them are oh, that's right because Isaac was taken. I just monologue about why he doesn't want him alive anymore because his family died in some other nefarious. Like I think it was an iPhone related explosion. I'm gonna see ya Isaac charges at Eddie and knocks him down because he's got the umbrella. He knows the umbrella is bad. So he's beating up Eddie and then Derek comes like jump on him and Isaac bites his arm and bites three fingers off one from his arm. And so then Derek scream so loud. Yeah when he was dying or what do you when he got bit Yeah, so high-pitched and so loud it scares Isaac off. I see what we're doing here. Yeah. Yeah any wakes up pants Matthew back is umbrella. The rhinoceros comes picks picks them all up to go to go to where it will leave and then Isaac escaped. Wait, really? Yeah. So Isaac got away. Yeah, but so did everybody else right? Well, actually Derek got infection after months long battle in the hospital. I see you IV antibiotics. They put them on palliative care Derek Derek passed away Aspire Health put them on palliative care and then Derek passed away surrounded by friends and family. Honestly, that's the best way he's died so far make sure you check back next week to find out what happens on that episode of the Patriotic alleles this episode. Also finally brought to you by Chris. Hey, Chris. Hey Chris, so Chris wants to remind everyone that they are loved and they are not alone. Alone, and you know what? I was having a hard time and I posted something on Twitter and Chris checked in and he said hey, hope you're doing okay. That's super sweet. He's really nice. Yeah. Chris is a good guy. And we love all of you guys. Yes, we do. It's been interesting with the Facebook or that people have reached out when they've been feeling really low and stuff. It's great and watch the community like really support people. It's really sweet. But not a member of the Facebook group. Join and it's an awesome Community it is. Yeah and thanks Chris. We love thank you very much Chris. Will you follow me to the waterfall? I don't know because I just That sound will mask the sound of the theme so you need a louder theme music. Yeah, and then the theme music is safe. Yeah. Okay is like it's a fancy for this. That's what I call my dick. And this week you guys made me watch a very scary movie called a quiet place. Yeah, we did and it was very scary. So have you guys seen this movie before I see this video but I think three or four times. Oh, wow. Okay Jen. I have only been able to watch it twice. I watched it in the theaters and cried like ninety percent of the way through it. Yeah. Yeah. And then so this was the second time. I watched it covid kind of avoided it clearly. It was my first time but what did you guys think about it? When you very first thought took my mom on a date to see it the fact that you call it a date is very But we're going to put a pin in that and come back to it later. It was really scary. Yeah, so it was really scary for me this morning and we watched it during the day and there are no lights on in the room and it's so bright, you know that movie and Paranormal Activity were probably the scariest movie theater. Yeah, but Jen, how did you feel about it? When he first thought? Well the first time I saw it emotionally destroyed me because you say that so casually is so funny. Oh man, like I'm not kidding and you can my friend Kara went with me and I started crying about 10 minutes in and did not stop. And it because I have a son who is the 8th who was the age of the kid in the movie and you know, it just there were a lot of parent themes in it that really connected with me when I watched it. Yeah, but this time when I watched it, like now that I knew what was going to happen and I wasn't so like worried about all the kids the whole time. I saw a lot more of the themes of the movie so I think actually enjoyed it a lot more this time. Do you mean like how she liked gaslights him into killing himself and no the opposite. Oh my bad. I really like this where I think it's well made I hated this movie. But I'll say it's a great great film. I only say I hated it because it was hard to watch. It's so scary and it's just full of tension the entire time. It's not fun to watch. Well, I enjoyed watching sure. Yeah scared. Yeah, but I think there's a lot of like themes and commentaries in this movie that you can see and read into which is partly why I like it so much but I think you can also just enjoy it as a fun movie to watch to if you're into that sort of thing, right? So let's get into this fucking movie then Right, so it's day 89. Yes. Almost three months almost two months. That's right time to break up hide. I mean I bet they want to break up with this situation for sure. They probably the world's God silent just like me. Okay. So the world is ghosting. The main characters have a question where there any credits to this movie. There's a title card. That's right. Yeah, that's amazing best credit. I love it and we see a City and we're in like a grocery store or like a general store. We're seeing missing posters on the wall. And then we see a little kids feet running through the store and we're slowly kind of seeing these characters be introduced as they're going about whatever they're doing. So we see a little kid running and then we see a sister and her name is Reagan and we notice that she's got a cochlear implant in Ya Ear and then we see there's another kid behind a pharmacy and he seems like he's I actually wondered if he had some sort of chronic. Illness that they had to go to the pharmacist to steal medicine for or really take you're not stealing at this point. Yeah, I think I understand about yes. And then we see Emily Blunt who's the mother and she's very quietly looking through pill bottles like trying not to knock them over and we thought one of them might have been labeled Dave Buster. It's the one that she picks up. I was like, there's nothing Dave Buster on it. Don't quote me on that. I might be wrong, but I know right. Yeah, and so she gives him some medicine and if you'll notice she gives him the pills first and he takes them the water. Yes, that's right. Can she gives him the water because that's how you survive things Health Maze and that's what they're forced to do guys. He survived right? He did survive. I said pills first dispersed all day Nick. You guys don't know what we're talking about. We're talking about how you take pills. Yeah, if you take them pills first, you're a sociopath was that water first. It was a misery misery. Yeah, and so now we're seeing the kid playing in the aisles and he site he's using sign language is Reagan's death, right? Yes more she has the implant but She was deaf at some point cuts to her. You can't hear anything. The sound design is movies. Very good so good. Yeah, because every time it's from her point of view or where with were supposed to be with her. It's silent. I don't imagine the whole family knowing sign language is a huge advantage in this type of environment. Probably how they were able to survive. Yeah. All right, so she he's signing about a rocket. We noticed that he's drawn a rocket on the floor and this is around the time. I think it started crying this time and he's saying that you know, it was gonna happen. Yeah, and that is rocket shadowing on the floor. Notice that he's saying this is how we'll get away. Then we see him climbing up onto a ladder trying to get a toy rocket on it actually more precarious than a ladder. Yeah. It's like a step stool. Yeah, maybe it's like a really great or something and it starts to move as he's reaching like I was like, no don't do that. You stupid kid. It's my heart. So he's about he's trying to grab this thing and it falls off and she just barely saves it. But so then we see the dad who is John Krasinski Jim from the office and he sees them beard and a sweater and it's more Jack Ryan. Then Jim and this one, he's more jacked, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. That's what I can't hide those muscles Jen's a real sweater Queen. Yeah, they're warm Todd have a pullover. So the dad sees and so now we notice that the dad I'm probably going to call him Jim. Yeah, probably well. Yeah is grabbing is putting stuff in a bag for a radio and then the mom comes back and says it's time to go and we see the little kid his name is Bo and he's like four years old. I'm amazed you got people's names just because I don't know any of their names at this point. I don't mom daughter. And dead son dad. Well, I got them from and credits and imdb. Oh never say Bo. Yeah, right but so he's walking up and we can only see him from behind but they're all staring at him and Terror and the dad walks up really slowly and takes that rocket ship toy out of his hands and it's so sad and take the batteries out the batteries out. Yeah, and he says it's too loud and just the look on this little boy's face. It's so sad. I just came back to rock without the battery. That's what he should have what he should have done or put the batteries in this pocket or like taking the batteries Out Of Reach because he's saying it's too loud and the Sun is upset and then they leave but as they're leaving the sister gives it back to him and then she leaves and then we see him take the batteries. Yeah, that's a little battery shadowing because what you expect to happens happens. Yeah, so as they're walking back and they're while and we notice they're all Barefoot and they're walking on a trail of sand also and then there are walking on railroad tracks. It was its and I couldn't tell it was like sand or cork. Yeah, it's probably most likely cornmeal to have a shitload of corn madly. And you asked at one point like where did they get all this stuff? It doesn't look like they're close to a beach. That's like my only thing but it could very well be cornmeal that explains it for me, right? It didn't bother me. Once you write probably corn meals like okay cool. I'm on board. That's fine. Right minute just kind of shows that they have really thought through all their very resourceful. Yes, very well prepared for this. I would have pillows shoes pillow shoes that we don't support this and I think you think ahead Mikey if your pillows she's get caught on a nail or something. Actually the pillow shoes would have Have prevented the scariest part of this because she would have stepped on the nail and the pillow would have taken all of that nail. Now they get to the bridge. Yes, and they're in a line. And the dad Joe Jim is carrying the son who is sick and then Emily Blunt is behind them and then the sister is behind her and then the little boy is last in line and as they get to the bridge he gets the rocket out and they hear the sound but the sister who's closest to him can't hear it and they just see everyone. She just sees everyone turn around and look. Get her and like look and Har and then John Krasinski puts the other son down and just starts running to the little boy and he's just playing with this rocket like a four-year-old would do and we see a creature coming off to the side and just before John Krasinski gets there at grabs the kid. I mean, it does like Brad like that it's swipes the kid like it's brutal man. It's so rough is and they show it which was awful and I don't show the swipe but they don't show the kid getting hurt. That's you just hair. Yeah, but I honestly thought that Jim was going to get there. He was gonna throw the rocket ship and they it was going to divert. Vert because that's a way to set up how aggressively like insane these monsters are without killing a kid in the first five minutes of your damn movie. I mean, it's terrible but I mean, I like this because it's like it does an interview saying that because so many times you watch movies. You're like, oh there's no way they're going to kill those kids. And so now when you are willing to kill a child in the first 10 minutes late before the title card that tells you anybody in the movies fair game. Yeah, you know, it's kind of like Game of Thrones. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah from that point on you're on the edge. Your seat you're like at a monster truck rally you pay for the whole seat, but you only use the edge see Bigfoot. You may not let down the whole time. Did you guys like monster truck rallies? That's fine. I'm just making for the commercials. Not you I'm going time. I Didi my group of friends to a monster truck rally. All I got was the worst with the move seats because you can only use the edge I I once saw Evel Knievel son jump a bunch of school buses. Was that the Tennessee State Fair sauce? It was that same crowd but drunk at noon. It was interesting. His name is Captain Robbie Knievel. He got up and he was like obviously drunk when he was talking because he was like slurring his words and being very repetitive and stuff and he started to pray before the jump and he prayed for I'm gonna say conservatively four and a half minutes and right towards the end of his prayer. You hear from the back someone go. Go ahead. And then no one in the entire audience cheered along with her. So she just like slowly like sat down in her chair and it went straight to hell. It was the best thing I've ever seen in my life. And then honestly, he jumped up 18 school buses or whatever. It was impressive and he just nailed it and he went home he was drunk too. He was definitely drunk. I mean, I guess you'd have to be yeah. Anyway, let's move on my head. That's all very much like a quiet place. Well, and so now we have established the steaks and they would wer are part of broken open. I think the intentional metaphor in this movie was Parenthood, you know and how scary it can be to raise children because that yeah because I mean we're so frustrated at this kid because he should have known better. He shouldn't have done this but like he's for you know, and I mean you can tell him that but if he think also if he's seen his sister give it back to him. I don't know. I don't think it's ever their fault. It's not the girl's fault. It's not Jim's fault. It's not that four year old sport. Right. It's the monsters fault or whatever. We're going to cry alien or whatever. So like I understand why she feels like she's to blame. I understand why their dad feels very guilty about it, but it's not their fault. No, it's not it's not and kind of the metaphor that I saw a lot more clearly this time. I watched it was like when you're grieving a loss like that how hard it is when you can't talk about it. There's that then every member of a family blames themselves for a lost exactly when the mom she had the mom. We got out later and we'll talk about when we get to it, but she was like why I'm just carrying him. So yeah, sheshe blames herself to but I feel like the element the thing that is hard for them and makes it hard for them to come together as a family is that they can't talk about it. And I think that's what the silence is kind of showing because if they could connect more and try to work through their feelings more. I think they would be more on the same page in later parts of the movie. Like I don't think the daughter would have been as rebellious and I don't think she would have been in different places would have been acting out as much exactly. Yeah, and she was going like puberty. I mean well and that's another thing so you were saying it's scary because cuz your four-year-old you can't impress upon them the stakes but that's the same thing with teenagers. Like there's a fear of your teenagers going out into the world and not fully understanding the consequences of what they're doing and making these decisions like giving him back this toy that are going to have these horrible ramifications, but you just can't impress upon them the importance of these decisions when they're so young a lot of people don't talk about the things actually going on their family and it just slowly and it just takes away and that's what I think. I think there's a lot of kind of regressive gender roles in this movie and just Two elements of not being able to talk about things that but imagine being that girl. She's already deaf so she can't communicate verbally, but everyone knows sign language. I don't think that's a super big barrier, but you already also think that your family blames you for your youngest brother dying because of something you can't control right? Well, she wants it to make sense. But even if she could hear that trauma probably still would've happened. Well, definitely we may have heard the thing and been able to grab it and throw it faster. That's fair, but that's still not good not her fault. It's just a terrible thing that happened. I do want to say that I think Her in the brother do talk about stuff. I think they do too because the brother was like look she blames herself for the debt like yeah absolutely tells the dad. Yeah, we never see that but I think they do. Yeah, and we're going to say talk a lot in this movie, but just know most of the time we mean sign or communicate or yeah are communicate. Yeah. And again, I think that let's just like in the hush episode. I think that speaks to the strength of the acting that we're kind of hearing this in our language is so good. This is really good. And here's the title card of the movie. So now the movie is starting and I'm already sobbing Ginger. The designee knows how to do credits. He has one of my movie Nothing Else Matters will show you all that that of the end is credited you agree with me that it pulls you in so much better because there's not here's the person who wrote the movie right? Here's the person who sound makes the movie. Here's the name of one of the actors like I get why that's important and they their work should not be discounted at all, but it pulls you out of the movie and the movie especially like this. This is actually when so quickly that would be distracted. Yeah. It's almost like having ten minutes to add at the beginning of Of a movie our piece of entertainment is distracting from the actual piece of entertainment. I feel personally attacked right now. So what you do in that situation is hit the skip 30 until you hear music and then you're good to roll you go back for our a little theme music joke leaving that ends up there. Alright, so now it's day 472. Anybody got any fast math for that. That's one year 172 days Days. There's 300 days a year when you're a hundred and twenty days. Boom. Okay. I am doing a CPA. Is that how you learn stuff for people? Hey, yeah and absorb their knowledge. I will say this ever since I've been dating a personal trainer. I have gotten a lot more fit. So there's that. What if there's a movie where that's like someone super power? Okay. I'm a secret agent and I have the power to absorb skills, but I have to sleep with people to do it. I think it's the porn version of The Matrix. I've got your first 30 pages right here, except a lot of them are stuck together Hank. I need a condom but their thrilling we've got to move on. So now we see the daughter whose name is Reagan and she's laying outside looking at the sky and we're kind of starting to see around their home because they're on a farm like a homestead. It is kind of like a homestead. Yeah, there's lots of corn and there's lights hung up and there's like a laundry lines and stuff. And so we see the mom. Outside and we see gym downstairs in his like radio room and he's got all these electronics and these camera monitors so they can see around the house. He studying everything. Yeah, he's sending Morse code SOS messages and he setting like are all things and we're going to find out a little bit more why but he's got a sure microphone also. Yes. Sure Jim as do we yeah. Yeah. Hey thanks listeners because that's how we got it. Absolutely. Thank you guys, but they live kind of in a basement and we're also seeing them prepare a nursery because we see that she is Pregnant when I first watched this movie. I didn't know if they actually lived here before the Calamity are they adopted this property? Yeah, they did because you see them upstairs. Those are their old rooms Oh, I thought they just moved into a house and those were photos of the old family because we never see a close-up of the photos so I couldn't really tell if it was like Emily Blunt Jam or whatever. They are. Fun fact their photos of them and their kids. That's awesome real kids. Okay, let's cool. Yeah because I had had two kids at this point. Oh awesome. So at this point you mentioned that we notice these reichman she is pregnant. So we have introduced a pregnant clock. Yeah apartment ticking clock. The movie but I was really bothered by this that she was pregnant because I feel like it's very irresponsible to put your wife in that much risk. Yeah, I think for many reasons the baby's gonna cry. Yeah, what are the complications with the pregnancy? You can't take her to a hospital right? She's gonna make sound when she's absolutely I do think that they are making preparation. They are yeah, they thought through a lot of they had but they never talk about it. This is a planned pregnancy or not and doing some research. I found an article about this and I'll link it but talking about how lots of times when you lose a child. This is one of the ways that people try to kind of recover from that is by having another baby or like trying to like be excited about something. So, I don't know if that plays into it. I thought Jim just need to learn how to do the laundry. So we had to have sex with her to learn the skill. I mean, he doesn't ever learn it because he never does you never does the longer, you know, this is the man Asian have to I don't know. I mean, I think birth controls pretty hard at the end of the world. I don't know exactly what I imagined like, you just never have sex again or which I mean honestly, maybe that's what you do. That's really hard. That's not what you do. You're in safe. Ya know what you ridiculous why we give it all ya. What is happening? Oh my God. That's the man who would not get pregnant. I would 100% walk in the cornfield and start yelling. If I never got to have sex again. Do you think that there are ways you can avoid getting your wife pregnant and that is putting her and honestly everyone in your family at extreme risk, right if I still pregnant I would if that's how it worked. But yeah, if you could get pregnant and have kids Mikey would absolutely solutely seahorse Dad. Yeah, but a hundred percent. I also don't know if you would have lasted more than like five days in this Hell's Gate. Oh, no, I'm too clumsy to attend. You would have knocked over like 21 barely alive. Now, that's fair. I would go out with you man. We go out looking like together. I'm like tired. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. But anyway, I just think that he's putting his family at extreme risk. We don't ever see a conversation about it or about them choosing to continue the pregnancy or anything like that. So yeah choosing to believe that she is Giving birth to Anakin Skywalker because the force is what made her pregnant not Jim by the force of Jim's dick. He was getting ready for Jack Ryan. But so what there were seeing them prepare is there like paper mache saying the walls too kind of soundproof it and they're making this box that looks like a little baby coffin and it's got like this tiny little baby oxygen mask and oxygen tank and it just it's sweet but it's so disturbing and this is how it is and it just lets you know what the stakes of this organized. Yeah, you know, but also that they're preparing, you know, so now Emily Blunt is cooking dinner and Jim is watching his face and we kind of see the daughter watching and we're led to believe they don't have the best relationship right now and they're having a really quiet dinner and it's kind of sort of going through a lot like yeah, it has been a long time since the son died, but that shit takes forever to get over you. I mean and I had a brother that died when I was a kid, it's something you never get over you just learn to live with right so it's believable, too. That they would still be morose maybe isn't the right word but just super down and sad. Yeah. All right. So now after dinner they're playing Monopoly and it's real cute. They're using like little like soft things like job felt somebody. Yeah. Yeah. It's because they're kids they accidentally knocked over a lantern and it catches on fire. That's a huge mistake that I mean I gave the saying it was 100% an accident. There's nothing but it happens. Okay immediate danger like not only the sound and the universe that we're in right now. Now but also the fire. Yeah, Jim is all over he just runs over there and puts it out with his beard and then it's like flying to spare sweater. He's like here's where I've got a torn apart this movie is that like if you can create bigger sounds to distract from smaller sounds why aren't there like noisemakers exactly wind chimes in the trees? Maybe not even wind chimes in the trees, but something that makes a consistent like duck call sounds or something like that, but it would still draw the attention of the thing. But if it's more when going through bamboo or something like you like You can put a bunch of stuff around your property. That could make a bunch of Noise with wind. Oh, I was thinking about something that was just really loud. I mean even really loud noises. Yeah, it would attract it. But if it's up high enough and they can't get to it or why I guess they can climb so that maybe sort of answers that and that might be something that like two years down the road. They start to do some really interesting the sequel me title. I like the world. Yeah, honestly, I'm terrified to see this equal because the first one was fucking so scary and I'm sure we'll go see the sequel in the theater. So that's going to be terrifying, but I want to know more about the world. World and it looks like from the trailer we saw at the Turning when we went for the national meet up at the turning that was a horrible movie. But the trailer for this quiet place to looked like it was going to be like a little flashback e and then jumps to the Future. So we're going to see day we might see. Yeah, I think we might see some of the answers to some of these questions but one of the things I do really like is they don't go too in depth about the monsters. We never find out what happened and I don't think we need it for this story. Probably never this story either, but I would love to know what happened to yeah, you just enough information because you want to know more. Yeah. All right, so he It's over the Monopoly thing and they all freeze and this is so tense because they're looking around and they're hearing noises on the roof and then Jim goes up to the window and he's looking out and the daughter tries to come over and he says no no no back up and this is when did you guys think about him in the office and all those faces? He makes it the camera, you know, you mean in the window like through the window. Yeah, one of the first blogs I wrote was about Jordan Peele and John Krasinski and about how like how much of a connection there is between comedy and horror and how a lot of it is physical and just Looks and stuff and I think he is just amazing in this role, especially when since so little of it as speaking and just looks on your face. Yeah, he's great. I mean in everything I seen him and he's great. So they hear some squawk and then they have our big noise on the roof and I love how they're just following it across the ceiling and then and you this scared the shit out of the shit out of me like a jerk. Yeah. It was very scary and we see something fall off the roof and it's two raccoons. But so the raccoons they just Scamper away and it was like, okay fine. We're okay and because we have seen the son died at the very beginning we understand the stakes of all. Yeah, but the raccoons walk away and they're think they're talking to each other like hey trash Panda one. Are you? Okay? Yes my spinach. I'm gonna go pan up some trash. Yeah, and then they like are walking through the sand because apparently they learned that two and then one of them gets like squished. It's so brutal what you want to show if the creatures were eating the things they're hunting are not hmm. It doesn't address that because the old lady just look like she was murdered. So I think it's a government sees project. Oh, wow. I'm glad that we don't have to see that because we didn't have to see what the Sun. So now we notice that there are Lights strung up around the farm and that's going to become important a little bit late to the bank cute without the apocalypse. Yeah. It is. Jim is downstairs working on the cochlear implant for his daughter. Yes, and then Emily Blunt comes down and like hugs him from behind and they're being really sweet and she's listening to some headphones and they stand up and they start dancing and they do the thing that they do in the office and it's so sweet. She puts one headphone in his ear and so they can both hear the song and they're dancing and slow dance so sweet to Man, this is I think the scene where they answer how she got pregnant I think so too and I'm saying because like both of them attention was that sweater man, but it's and because they're together in real life. And I think that's part of why the chemistry is so good between the two of them, you know. Yeah, when you get to know people people who are currently in a relationship, the chemistry on-screen is going to be very sexual but it's so sweet such a sexual. It's just like when you know that two people in the officer hooking up you don't talk about what you just like like Jim and Pam. Yeah. Well you like, you know, like they're like getting the like making lunch together. You're like hmm, something's going on there. And then like one of them puts the other if are phoning and they start like slow dancing whether my the way back plowing right there on the break room table and they have over the copy machine. Oh you see photocopies of ass. Yeah, and then they just put it all around the office the next day. Yeah. It's a power of yeah, Mikey are they just send an email? That's a real Mikey move, right? Anyways, so it's really sweet. But while they're dancing like there's like this look of sadness on their face to and I think because they probably will want to get down you mind me some no I Wanna Get down look about that clearly still getting down. I mean, she's pregnant. Well, yeah, this is the time to get down. You got to get as many shots on goal right now as possible. All right, so now we're at day 473 so fast and I think more importantly we see a cow. Calendar and we see we're like a couple of weeks away from her due date. Yeah, because we see like the day she's marking off or maybe running a note on her something and then it's zooms down. She's due date smart. She's taking her own bro pleasure and like charting her vitals. Yeah. That's what it was. She was writing her vitals on that. She's listening to the heartbeat a fetal heartbeat baby. Yeah, and it's so so I like this moment cuz she looks happy but also terrified. Yes. She does a great job of emoting that without using any words. Yeah. And so we're seeing Reagan tiptoeing into the house. Jim is dumping more sand or cornmeal or whatever whatever it is. I like that. Showed how he was doing that without making it like a plot point. Right? Right just to answer the questions right out of that out. Exactly. Yeah and that he continues to do it. He's maintaining something you would have to upkeep because I didn't rain and stuff. It's like to watch that stuff away. And we also see that on the floor boards. There are little footprint spots plan painting today. Yeah, so that as you tiptoe through then you're going to not step on the creaky boards, which is amazing, you know want to get that creepy spot, so she's going into the house and she wants to go down in the basement. She's about to in the John Krasinski grabbed her and pulled her away. Right before that also scared me anytime. There's like a big jumpy moment. They really play it up with the music and that always gets me I don't understand why he wouldn't let her in the basement. I don't either and I think that is one of his fatal flaws and one of the parts of the metaphor that I see in this movie because his working on the implants is his chopping wood it is I agree with that but she never gets to see him doing that which is an act of service for her and that would make her feel love from him. Maybe she doesn't even know what he's doing, right? Yeah, and I wonder if it's if he didn't want to give her. Hope about Keeps giving her the empty hands. So she knows that he's doing something. Yeah, I just don't know if she knows the level. I think metaphorically that was like his man cave sure where he like, you know chops his would deal with his feelings protect his family and then like no one else has really allowed down there except for his wife and that's I think the problem because he's trying to solve this problem by himself and not allow anybody else to help because if she had been able to go down there when she finally sees everything she starts to put it together and if they could have done that earlier, he wouldn't have had. To die that's like a stereotypical man thing you do is liked it. I'm going to fix everything myself. I'm not going to ask for help. But if you actually read the book of this movie, they go into that. So like he had to collect those Cochlear implants from somewhere. So he was going out at night and murdering people. Yeah, and I'm taking their implants and bringing them back and he didn't want his family to know that he had been merged. He had to clean all the blood off her. Yeah exactly. His wife could understand like she sees the bigger picture he would get it but the daughter she's just too young. But yeah, I do think that there are some like regressive gender roles and like traditional family story. I just had an epiphany if you snore you're like screwed in this universe. Oh, yeah, I think they sleep downstairs like you see that they live downstairs because the same thing with coughing, you know or tooting you can say fart Jen. No, I can't you know, what is hilarious though in this universe someone diarrhea to death. They did John Krasinski gave an interview about that. He was like Hey, you would just have a pillow around and fart into it. So it muffled. The sound they call him fart silencers. That's why you can't wear the pillow shoes because you got to keep all those pillows around for far there on your butt. That's why you move your family to a Bed Bath and Beyond also no more beans the beans have so much protein. Yeah, but they're The Musical Fruit Banking and the more you eat. The more you to my can tooting is a death sentence it is how do you just need to go to like Niagara Falls? I'm sorry. What'd you say Niagara Falls? Okay, you can live around there, right? Alright, so now Now he's pulled her away from the steps and they go out and they have a conversation about what he's doing. He's trying to give her the cochlear implant the updated one like a newer model that he's been fiddling with this even get it to work for her. Right right or work better. I have some fun facts about how those devices work, but we're never exactly sure what the problem is. I think it just maybe it's losing power or its older and it hasn't been updated or sheet. Just not working as well. My head Canon is like her first one broke. It could be a very finely tuned to the person's implant. Think they do. So he's just been messing with it trying to make them or and I'm sure that there's such a wide range of people that those help so you have to like dial in that implant for the person who needs it or using it. So, I'm sure that that's what it is, but she's very frustrated with him because he keeps trying and none of them work and she just like stop dad, right? Yes. Stop. Yeah, and because I think if she's looking at herself as defective and we're not saying she is but that's how she's feeling and blaming the death of her brother on this disability that she has I could see her looking at him. Constantly trying to help this is trying to fix her. Yeah, which would reinforce to her that he doesn't think she's enough. All right, and so now we cut back to Emily Blunt and she's teaching her son up and kind of their little Loft area. Yeah and Jim comes up and says it's time to go in the sun. We don't know where they're going yet, but the son does not want to go and she says your father will always protect you and that it's important that he learns these things so he can grow up and take care of himself, right and take care of her, which I think is another kind of playing into the regressive gender Norms when She's old and gray exactly. Yeah, just reinforcing him being the next man of the house. These are the responsibilities because as they're going outside. He doesn't want to go but the daughter does but he won't let her go. He will only let the sun go who doesn't so like just swap them. Yeah. I mean you actually quite a lot of problems. I do understand the need to have someone stay at home with the mom who is very very pregnant couldn't be doing any point. Right? So yeah, bring the daughter leave the sun. I mean, that's what they would prefer anyway, exactly and Would have made everyone on the same page. It solves a lot of problems, but I do think you're right. It's sort of supports that regressive gender-role exactly the argument. He's like, I'll take her next time did he say that? Oh well and I think part of the his justification to himself about that because I don't think this is intent what he's intentionally doing. I just think that's how he views the world. Okay, she gets mad and walks away and then she goes up to her room and she's testing out the Cochlear implants on her bed and puts it in and like snaps right next to her ear and see if it worked or not. Free to you I was just scared for her, right? Yeah largely because she's deaf and like she doesn't know how loud she snapping because you can snap very quietly. You can see that very loudly and if you don't know you don't know me and I don't know exactly you know, so I was afraid that she was gonna get killed right here, right? Yeah, but she doesn't she starts crying and it's really sad and then she packs her things up in a backpack and she takes out something that's wrapped in a handkerchief so sad and she puts it in but we don't see what it is yet. I called it though. So now Jimmy Marcus are fat the river and the Sun is really really scared that he's going to make noises and the monsters are going to come get him which understandable because he saw his brother died that way. Yeah, this is where we learn the rules of this universe right around sounds as long as you're making sounds that are quieter than the sounds that are like pervasive your fine and he teaches them that here by going to the waterfall and then yelling and they sort of are talking like we are talking right now and it's fine. Well, and one thing that I was reading about this too and I think you can tell it's just the way that Jim signs is Be like this is good. This is safe. This is not safe very light cut and dry. These are the rules very definitive exactly. It's conversational exactly. But the way Emily Blunt is signing. She's like trying to have her set her kids like experience the world like she's making jokes with them and I think that kind of plays into their characters, which I think is really smart thing that they do and the teen daughter is very like defiant and short and like she's very her dad. Well, yeah, and so a lot of things are happening over and over so let's talk about the dad in the brother first. Okay, so he says It's good. I want to show you something and they go to a waterfall and it's really sweet having this little father-son moment because he's really scared. But he's saying no no the falling water that's continuous sound that will cover the sound we're making so he yells really loud. And then he says it's okay to do it right here. And this is the first out loud conversation. We have powerful in the movie it is it is 45 minutes in and when he when the sun screams to it's like I can finally use my voice and yeah, and it's also a little bit of foreshadowing of the waterfall thing because Emily Blunt hunt takes a step back under a waterfall quote-unquote that's going on in her basement. But so later they're at a river and they're talking Mark is asking if the if Jim blames Reagan for the son dying and he says he doesn't blame her but Marcus is saying well, she blames herself and she thinks you do blame her exactly and asking if he still loves her and she says he says, of course, he does and Marcus has been he should tell her and I think that kind of plays into like the silence is a metaphor in this movie too for like things that you don't say That are going to come back to bite you you absolutely Yeah, just they can't talk about it and he can't be open with his feelings. He has to repress it and we didn't talk about this earlier, but we see them all grieving this person by themselves, right not together, but it's so hard because I grieve by myself. It's so hard to I don't know it's just so it's really fucking hard. But when you talk to people about it it helps and it's scary and it's hard to do but it does help, you know, not to paraphrase brene brown, but it's all about being vulnerable with the people that you love. Love and that's something that you just have to learn and it really does help and writing to like a lot of the things that I've talked about. I have written down first and shared with people but that's an easier way. So it's not teach you in therapy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then you can have something like a lots of times. I will write something and then have Corey read it and then we can have a conversation about it because he already knows I guess because my family always like the strut people come to me to grieve and they will talk about their grief which makes me not feel like I can be as vulnerable with my family and that small area. Understand that I think you should set a boundary with them and be like, hey, listen, I am a therapist but I'm not my family family therapist. Yeah, it's not like that. But like, you know when someone's like hugging and crying and like feel like I'm really sad about this and I miss them and it's like it just you can hug and cry back and also talked about how you miss them or whatever. We know what I was talking about. I just don't I just don't lose that control well, and so that I think we see that with Jim. Yeah, you know, I think he has put himself in the sole responsibility of taking care of everyone else and will not allow himself to show any kind of weakness and I think that's ultimately Lee where I have I have some problems with that well and I mean it's hard, you know, I do that too because it's hard to let your guard down its the feeling that if I bring it down just a little bit it's going to flood in an overwhelming. You know. Hey therapy is awesome guys it is it really helped me quite a lot. Yep. Okay. So Mom is doing the laundry and she starts and she's down in the basement where the radio and laundry are right and as she's pulling all of these close-up, she pulls a nail up on the step. Yes, which is for a little nail. Shadow is a prime example of nail Shadow, you know, they really nailed it. Yeah, I don't like nail. No. No, I didn't like it at home alone. And I don't like it here. Yeah, so as she's going upstairs and she's putting laundry out on the line, then she starts looking up at the window and she goes upstairs and sits and what we're going to find out is Bose old room as we see the rocket ships everywhere and she's sitting and just holding a stuffed animal and crying and it's so sad and it's again we're seeing her grieve alone. Yeah. I mean we see all of them grieve alone pretty much well because now the sister is walking back to that bridge and she finally gets to Bose little oil there where there's a cross and pictures and just makes me so sad and she okay. I'm not gonna cry you're my ticket. So she takes out the handkerchief and it has the Rocketship inhibits. Yeah cut in the middle. Well, I mean you could tell it was like destroyed. Yeah, and she cuts the green wire. This is super risky because she's deaf. She's not a hundred percent sure. She cut the right wire. That's a good point. I never thought about and then she turns it on so she is either suicidal or very confident and maybe both Yeah, anyway, so it sounds like that because I think she's a lot like her dad. I think so too. She's a teenager. So she may just not have thought about that. Yeah, so she turns it on no sound if I put down she puts it I then she haleh's buy it and it makes me so sad because if they had just done that then he would probably still be alive. They probably think about I'm sure they did well and that's one of those things like you there are a million things you could walk back and say if we had just done this I can do exactly with any tragedies that you look back on. Okay, and there's a million things you could have done. That's hindsight bias, you know, you cannot expect yourself or blame yourself. Or not knowing things you had no way of knowing. Yeah, one of the things that I had to work through a lot when I was in therapy for sure that my brother died was blaming myself because I told Dustin to change the radio station and that's what he was doing when he veered off the road hit the phone pole. It's like I blame myself for all of that shit because I asked him to do what he was doing when he hit the phone pole. So yeah. Yeah, but you can do struggle with that. Yeah rough and it's like even though your head knows it's not your fault. It still feels like your fault, you know. Yeah, and I'll say this. All of them have those things like the mom thinks widened. I carry him. I'm not let him long and the dad is thinking what if I just got to him in time and the daughter is thinking what if I had gotten back to him or hurt him or whatever. So everyone is sort of dealing with that except for I think the Sun that lived isn't really dealing with him that much right because honestly, he was sick and the dad was holding him and I also think he's a little young to maybe feel responsive as proper that that's probably true. Yeah, but yeah, they all have an any one of those things would have saved. Saved him but none of them did anything wrong so as a gym and the son Marcus are walking back. They come upon a really creepy old run-down house. It's so scary. Then all of a sudden there's an old man. It's an old man jump-scare. Yeah, it is. Yeah it scared the shit out of you. I think you knocked the ottoman. Oh, yeah, it was terrifying because you have to be so quiet through this movie to watch it's the tension in this movie is amazing. Yeah, and so because he runs into Jim and Jim has seen this person and he's like looking at him like doing that little thing. Probably seen from the trailer. We also see that the guy's wife has died. Yeah. What a woman? Yeah. Well, okay. Yeah, but an older woman who looks like it would be an age appropriate to be his wife. Right? And you have is 8 plus 7. She look like it was more appropriate. Yeah, and it looks like she has been killed by one of these monsters. We don't know. I mean in truth he could have killed her but it looks more like the monster came along and killed her. He found her like this and is processing this grief immediately and Jim is like no, please let me know. Put us in danger do not do this do not do this or at least can you wait 30 seconds? Right? Right. He doesn't know he takes a big breath in and then have you guys ever seen that Meme of the Siegel who like brings his head all the way back and then starts yelling. Yeah. That's what it looks like to me because he brings in this big breath and then yell so loud and then Jim grabs his son Marcus and starts running by a tree and like pants would down to hold his mouth as this guy gets just destroyed but when this guy screams it's like this Primal scream like not the Time you've been able to use your voice and like over a year and I love that. We hear the heartbeat it in and then we here we see the Monster take him just kind of like we saw the monster take Bo at the beginning and then we hear the monster lake kind of killing him and it's really upsetting but very well done. But so they're safe. Okay, so now we're back with Emily Blunt and she's has been sitting in bows room kind of morning and we noticed that it's about dusk time and she's upstairs with the laundry. This is when she notices her water has broken and Which means she is now an active labor. Yeah, so she's walking downstairs and the nail shadowing gets us in the foot because she drops the nail or she said and she's like kind of going pretty quickly and she just man lands on it and it goes all the way into her foot the full force of her weight hit the hail and it goes all the way into her foot and she doesn't scream but she drops the picture and it shares and that's what makes the sound took a picture of bow with her to yeah, and so then she sits down and she's got to pull her foot off and I We got a video of you with that. It was yeah and just imagine doing all of that silently when you're having labor contractions, it would be impossible. Like how would you there's no way I know man. She's so good like The Willpower that would take like I really tried to not take medicine when I was in labor, but it really oh it hurts so bad like I would because you learn the breathing thing and we see her do that Lamaze. I think kind of like this was a slight different thing, but you breathe in real slow and then breathe out real slow and towards the The end like it hurts so bad. Like I was reading like And that was me trying to slow my breathing down. Oh my God, like I did yell for them to kill me at one point because we'll talk about that in a minute. Well, we're about to get there because she's an active labor at this point and hey, if you are pregnant right now, it's going to be fine. You're about to experience the magic of birth. And so she goes and she turns the red light on so all of the lights we've been seeing the college dorm lighter on the farm now turn red your lights right, which I assume means there's a monster around right but also I was wondering like Like I bet part of their plan was turn it red. If you're in labor to I wonder if that was any kind of danger. Yeah alert and just become back but be careful, right and so she turns the red light on and we notice that there's one in the house. There's a creature. Yeah, there's a creature monster in the house and she gets an oven timer. Like what the fuck what is she gonna do how you're going to make sound? That's the worst thing you can do. Why are you doing that? But she's smarter than me. She yeah, I mean I was in here. I was like, do you really not know she's gonna do it this but as she's doing it she's having a contraction and you can see her. You think really really slowly and trying to maintain it. My heart went out to her because I remember that she goes over and hides behind some pipes and the thing comes downstairs and then the timer goes off and that's when she escaped and so that was the plan was for right it to be drawn into at least she knew where it was and I'm she could escape and it literally like destroys the pipe the thing was on and it and she runs upstairs. Yeah, but so she goes upstairs and she's about to get out but she notices there's another one outside the house too. Yeah and while all this Has happening Jim and Marcus are getting back and they see that the red lights are on and they start running. She gets to the bathroom and she gets in the tub. Jimson's Marcus to goes off the fire. Yeah, we don't know what that is yet, but they have a plan called Rockets which and Marcus I know rocket shadowing and Marcus is like, I don't know if I can do this. I'm great scared. He's like you can do this. Yeah, your mother need you. Yeah, because the Rockets are the fireworks are going to make bigger sound or the distraction. So if she needs to scream while she's in labor, she Cam which I think is a really smart thing for them to do because just the thought of going through all of that pain silently. Just yeah, what is she a Scientologist? So actually anyway so Marcus does go to do that. He does. Yeah, he runs off and so they're separated and Jim goes back to the house. Now while this is happening Emily Blunt is in the bathtub and she's having more contractions and we start to see blood in the bathtub and that is not really a normal thing that happens in labor that sign a sign of a complication when I saw that I was like, that is not good. Yeah. That happened to me with my first one what's probably happening is called an abruption and it's when your placenta Tears like so every time there's a contraction your placenta is Terry. Let me tell you this is when I was screaming for them to kill me because it feels like somebody is slowly ripping your skin off. So painful God is probably not going to happen to you if you're pregnant, but if it does you're going to be okay. I am fine. It doesn't still hurt anymore. And I wanted to say that that's a sign of a complication because when she finally screams like it hurts so fucking much and I can't imagine trying to do it. Only because we see the creature right behind her on the stairs. It's like she's trying to hold on for so long and finally she can and she screams and luckily that's when the Rockets go off right distracts the creature and he runs away but we've seen in the trailer. We saw like the creatures like right over the back. I was wondering why we didn't see that shot because when I watch this trailer for patreon, that was like, oh my God, right thigh well, and we don't know all we see is her scream and then it cuts away and honestly because we went and saw The Turning with the Nashville meetup group. I saw the trailer for The second one so I knew she lived right? Yeah, but yeah, I mean that was when I watched the trailer I was like fuck how are they going to get her? How are they going to get out of the situation? And so now Jim is walking through the house with a shotgun and the daughter has seen the rockets and she's come started to run towards the house. And so Jim goes and he sees the bathtub and he sees that it's empty and bloody. Oh my God, this got me too. Yeah, it's good ultimately but it's her slamming her hand against these shower door. Yeah scared the shit out of me because he sits down right next to the bathtub. He thinks oh, well the monsters God that God knows of them is like breakdown. Yeah. Oh, yeah, but then she Titanic hands. Oh, yeah, except it's bloody and she's in the bathtub and the babies there. She's in the shower. She is holding the baby so like yeah birth successful. She seems fine. I mean sure I think you bought some blood. Yeah as far as like how bad that could have gone. Oh, yeah. They did. You have not been eaten by monsters. Yeah. Absolutely the baby's okay exactly, but he does carry her to the the down. Downstairs for a soundproof area and that's when you see like the monster like sort of closely following behind them and then they get into the soundproof area. Well, but the baby starts crying first and so he's on it's just so it's so you know, that's the thing like when like trying to think about having kids in a world like this. It's just the metaphor of how unpredictable The World Isn't how terrifying it is to let your kids into it, you know, so they do get into the soundproof room and they put the baby in the baby what you're calling the baby coffin with the oxygen. Space or her face? I'm not quite sure the gender of the baby but it's a boy. We like stalking them. Yeah as he pulls the mattress over the whole to the soundproof room. You see the Monster sort of walk in. Yeah, and that was another Super upsetting part to me when they put this little babies. Oh my God, because like your number one fear with newborns of the they're going to stop breathing and that you were watching them all the time. Like I still sometimes wake up and if my kids are still sleeping, like are they breathing, you know, and they're five and seven, but I just I can't imagine Imagine what it would take to get yourself to a point to be able to do that with your baby. Yeah, and so then we see that the sister is back. She is in the corn and the monster is behind her but she doesn't hear no idea. Right and she sees that this the other brother had run over to like the combine or whatever that tractor thing was and then he had crawled under that and she he dropped his flashlight. So she is diverted as she's walking by The Sound by the flashlight and she's looking down by the flashlight and she's distracted by that light and doesn't realize the monsters coming up. Behind her. Although the monster doesn't realize she's right there because he can't see right. She can't hear neither of them know they're there but her implant goes insane. Yeah starts feeding back. All right, and she does she has no idea why this is happening. But as the monster starts to listen, he opens his ear canal or whatever you call that. You can tell like we know as the audience that cochlear implant is like making her a superhero right now, but she has no idea and the monster does run away. Yeah until now we see a flashback of bow dying from The very beginning and then Emily Blunt wakes up and I love that. They threw that in because it just shows that she's still dealing with this but she wakes up and Jim and the baby are there and everybody is okay and they're talking and they're saying it worked they can't hear us but we're our kids right? We have two other kids and we need to figure out was like, I'll go get em, hold on. Yeah, and then she sort of gaslights him into committing suicide for his kids. This is yeah. This is one of the things I think that the way this plays out is regressive. I keep saying that it's just these very traditional very Like limited roles in a family structure, but this is also when she's we found out it's a boy and this is when she is talking about like she should have been carrying him and we talked about that a little bit earlier, but she it's just so beautiful the way she says it like she's like I still could still feel him in my arms and I've thought about that a lot and just like I had to go down and hug my kids for a little bit after this was over but this is like the first time that they have communicated about this it is seems that yeah well and they're both talking. Yeah, like this is the first time we see them talking. Yeah, and she says who who are we if we can't protect them which there are some things about this I like but I know that there are a lot of women who feel like this is a reductive role because it's presenting this woman as her only motivation is being a mother and I don't know if I really see that because I think the story is just very simple and linear, you know that I don't think it's reductive to present her motivation is only protecting her kids, but I do know that's a criticism but I think that's Jim's only motivation. I think so too. I mean, I mean, I mean all they have is their family so I agree all Their primary motivators are protecting their family and I don't see it as a reductive because she doesn't go out. She just gave birth, right? She is literally recovering. She has an IV in she's getting fluids and later in the movie. She's a fucking bad-ass is somewhat what I have a problem with is when you say, who are we if we can't protect our kids and there are so many women who've you want. You become a mother it feels like that's all you are anymore, you know, and you have to you lose a lot of who you are which is part of why I love having this podcast because like when like I had my kids are two years apart. So there was a good year or I was just like changing diapers all the time and not sleeping and it just feels like you give up everything to take care of these kids and I feel like that's it just wears you down, you know I me to say because we were all for two years apart. Yeah, you're right in that range. She's say I was breastfeeding and changing diapers for eight years solid. Yeah, and it feel in mind what I only had two kids. But yeah, it's like and you get out of that Haze and you realize that the world has kept going and you're not part of it and that's why I think sometimes some of these and I'm not necessarily saying this is the movie but like when the woman is solely responsible for that it really takes over your whole life and one of the things I think is wonderful about Cory is that he is so helpful with all of the things that a lot of people men would look at as like the woman's job you know like I grew up in a house where my dad didn't change diapers I think the benefit of my generation being raised by a single parent and that single parent being the mom a lot of people my age and Men my age are okay with like changing diapers and doing dishes and helping cook and clean and stuff like that right and I think it's the ones who were like really super aggressive that are the like well that's your wife's job why exactly don't make jokes like I got a load my dishwasher by getting my wife drunk yeah but that kind of shitty babysit my own kids oh yeah honestly I don't think I've ever heard someone my age or younger say that but so now we cut back to Reagan in the corn and she finds Marcus has flashlight and then Marcus jump scares the fuck out a tie by grabbing her hand yeah but now they're reunited yes and you'll so good they're still scared yeah and Jon Then ski has come out of the house from under the mattress, but we noticed he does not that the house is starting to flood. Well, he doesn't because the water has not yet reached the whole there in so he walks out not knowing what's going on with right starts going into the hole. It's a dripping dripping clock nailed it. It's drip a cloth. Oh, that's a good one. I'm actually gonna use that my personal life first. It's digital clock Lisa dick. About 40 months later weeks later. I'm ready. I'm ready to knock somebody up. Well, yeah, so now they have somehow gotten our they've climbed up to the top of the silo which I think was probably their meeting point. Well, that's also what they were lighting fires to Signal other people, which is a great idea. Did you got a bird's-eye view and hear them crawling bigger than they do that. It doesn't do anything. So, I don't know how that would help at all because Jim would walk out and see the see the top of the bed on fire and then I got you. Looking at the distance for the other fires that in the beginning the movie. I don't think so. Like in Lord of the Rings know it happens in the beginning movie when he likes the fire. There's like three fires in the distance. Yes, like what is that going to do? All they can do is like their fathers be like fucked over here. Yeah. Alright. Alright. So now he goes downstairs and looks at the monitors trying to find them and while he's doing that they're having a conversation because she wants to go back to the house and Marcus is saying no wait dad's going to come she's like no. No, he's gonna come for you. He doesn't love me. Yeah, they're still on top of the corn silo or whatever and she said he's like no he's gonna come for both of us and then he falls but she doesn't see it just yet. This is a sibling things. I've been like I don't have time for your issues Becky. What's yeah, we just gotta go find them first. Yeah. Yeah, but it's like a teenager thing. Like I know I understand so he falls down he being Marcus falls down into the corn silo. So some of this is kind of cutting back and forth. So let's just talk about The Silo first two different Main, Dr. Sets like the kids and the mom. Yeah intelligence key. Yeah, they encounter a monster. Right and I have to deal with their own monster they do so let's talk about the corn silo the kiss. So he has fallen through The Silo and she hasn't noticed because she couldn't hear Ryan so she walks around. She's like what the fuck where is he? And then she sees that he's down there and he's like sinking into the Silo and that was I didn't realize that would be a thing that happens. Oh, yes terrified. She's signing to him. Don't move. Move and if you stop moving the corn would settle and you would just stay it would but I can imagine panicking. Oh, I would I would I could bring it to ya absolutely, but he can't see her signing that right because he's panicking and while he's trying to climb out one of the doors that opened drops down and almost hits him right on top of him. Yeah, Reagan just jumps in. Yeah and unlike rows of the end of Titanic gives Marcus the door and Marcus climbs on top of the door, and then she starts to fall into the corn and then he Zen and pulls her out of it onto the door. Right? Right. And so they say they get on top of the door and they're both OK. Yeah going for now, right? Because then we start to hear because all that has made noise you so much noise now, they're starting to hear and it's in a silo so they can hear the thing crawling. We also see John who was left the basement of monitors and he's out on the tractor that's in the corn. He's standing on top of it and he sees the monster run towards the silo right past all yeah of that because then he's like, oh fuck and now I gotta run now. Yeah and he starts running and then we leave him. For a minute because we're back in The Silo and the monster just jump straight in and it's that scared you I scared the shit out of me Emma scary movie. It's very scary. Yeah, they're uh, they're getting under this door and the monster is on top of them and it starts to feed back again. Yeah cochlear implant does and the monster starts to like freak out and then he claws through the door and then leaves. Yeah, like loss really jumps out the jobs through the silos. Yeah. He creates a window he does a and they look up and they notice there's a giant hole in The Silo which is helpful for them. now they can get out of there get out yeah so now let's go back to Emily Blunt right who has woken up and realized that the basement is flooded and the theater I was like all right now they're kind of piling on because this was really bad before you die I know like what the fuck because the water level is almost at the top of the baby box which I honestly thought the baby box was floating a little bit yeah I did too and it might I'm not sure if I don't know if it was either obviously the water is right up there like yeah it was very precarious either way and there's a monster in the corner yeah and the baby boxes in the middle like it almost looks equidistant between her and yeah I honestly thought it was like floating towards it a little bit but I don't know I mean it's been projecting that but Emily gets up out of her bed and like slowly puts her feet in the water and then that's when the monster goes underwater and I was like what the fuck right they can swim yeah and so she walks over to the baby who is awake so could cry at any moment and picks him up and hold him like real close and then the monster is like right like as close to the boxes she is yeah like right in front of And then she slowly backs under the waterfall that's coming down from the water on top, right and has been making noise this whole time. Yeah, which is again, I think that's what the the noise buffer protection they have is yeah. Well and because the baby is softly making sound. Yeah. This is when it's attracted to the noise at The Silo and then it leaves Emily Blunt alone. I think it might be two separate monsters. I thought it was just about the same might be right because that is in the path that does cross in front of Jeff. The one that that makes sense because it's the only Creature on the farm because the other to come at the end so Emily Blunt, once the monster leaves she goes down into the other house into the radio room. That's not flooded with a baby. So she's about to see everything that's going to happen. Yeah. Yeah. So Jim gets to The Silo and sees both kids jump out and hugs them both. Yeah, it's so sad. Yeah, but then they hear a monster and so they have walked past like kind of a shed with some tools in a tractor and then there's a truck parked next to it. So the kids go run inside the truck go to the truck. Yeah, go by there and Should have gone to the truck should have gone inside the truck. But because he's stupid and these monsters who are bulletproof. He decides to grab an axe to fight them. He gets sliced down by one because it gives it enough time and makes enough sound for it to close in On Em and slice him as he starts walking away. I hated this part of the movie so much. I was like, you're so dumb. It's so frustrating and I feel like when he's like looking at himself as the sole protector like he has to defend them instead of going in hiding with him because he could have done that too. They all would have survived would have because the feedback would have happened when the monster came to the truck. Now what we were saying earlier like these are Gametime decisions and I'm sure if he was injected Monday quarterback. Exactly. Yeah the thing I learned most but this Swatch through is that the first time she didn't even know anything that's happening. Yeah. She only has had the experience where she knew one was on her and the feedback was happening. She's only had an experience once right Silo right? And also if you've got a ton of feedback in your ear, I imagine it makes it very hard to think you like all you want is that To stop so the alien or the monster like slashes that Jim. Yeah, like knocks him down 10 feet away. Yeah and the son sees it and he says Dad no because just like his dad he is also stupid. So he makes a lot of noise. I'm the alien monster whatever comes over and attacks the truck and the implants are going crazy, but she turns it off turns up because shit like what we were just saying she probably just can't handle it anymore and she doesn't understand understand it yet. Yeah, and she's like maybe thinking like I'm gonna have to fight this monster I I need to be able to think to you know, that's what I was thinking. Yeah, and so the monster is attacking the truck and Jim sees this now my one problem with this movie is the monster is able to almost immediately tear a giant hole in this Silo but not tear this truck apart faster. That's my only qualm and I'll it's an old truck. They made them better back. That's true. Yeah, and I don't really care that much either like cuz I'm just kind of going with it at this point, but that if I had a qualm of this movie would be that sure and then Tim grabs the axe and uses that like a cane to stand up right and then he catches eyes with his daughter and he signs you know I love you and I've always loved you and I've always loved you I was crying so hard yeah that and that was her suggestion I was wondering if you were crying I don't want to look because I wanted to give you a moment if you were but it was just it is really sad and he's saying goodbye and I read an article criticizing this moment because they have to watch their father died and like viewing his sacrifices performative and I can see see a little bit of that but I just it's so sad it frustrates me so much in the circumstance what other option is it I don't know I mean he could have hid with them sure we agree with that but that bothers me he could have run screaming a way to direct it away from I don't think he could have because he was so severely damaged because barely even stand up so I think at this point in the movie that is the one thing he can do to protect or the action something to make noise and have it attracted over there I don't I honestly don't think he could throw or walk like a think it was everything he could do to stand because it looks like it's very hard for me to even stand up yeah so I think running is an option I don't think because throwing has so much of your torso and brabant well I don't think that's far enough away I don't think that's happening so I do think that this is the one thing he can do yeah sort of has to do it yeah unfortunately and it's so sad and I think if I question this I question he has built this system that sets himself up as the sole protector and at this point it's inevitable that this is gonna happen you know which I think is and of the larger metaphors when this is the system your family is based on eventually one person cannot protect so many people on their own and are going to fall you know and then they're on their own and he does and they're not ready because you have not empowered them to protect themselves I do think he was doing some of that the kids were just so young yeah well I was trying to empower the saint he should have started with the older daughter years before Albert it's just so sad John Krasinski is amazing in this movie and questions with the story and the choices aside this is a Lee sad scene and it is got me yeah but in there watching it too and Emily Blunt is watching and hash is watching on the monitor yeah and so and he just screams and that's again another one of those Primal screams guttural yeah and it just goes on for so so sad but as he's doing this the son who has been we've seen him kind of playing with the car I think he was practicing think so too so he puts the car in gear and drives away you notice that they headlined the Wheel tracks of this with the sand no made no sound as it went down the hill that's no I didn't know the preparation that they put into this whole area is awesome yeah I loved it that's awesome makes no sound as it goes down because you're thinking there in corn it would be making the sound they would have died but had they not done that it was I would have gotten stuck to you know they weren't on a track yeah and so we're seeing them driving back to the house or rolling back to the house as the sun is coming up and Emily Blunt goes out and gives them both a hug and they're crying because they've all just seen their dad died and yeah they here oh a monster coming and so they go down into the base and correct me if I'm wrong On but this whole night sequence. It's only been one monster the whole time. Yes. Okay. Thanks. Oh, no, I think there were two at one point. One point one. There was one point when she was down in the basement and then we saw another one up at Fox. Thank you that one got bored. He's like you got this I'm out. Yes, the Mikey of the group. We went to a waterfall. We got a text here, but so they go in and they go down in the basement and she hesitates at the top of the stairs because this is the room that he's always told her she can't go down in and so she's gone. Or does the daughter does yeah, and she's going down as like watch the stairs because I was so afraid somebody I know we're literally all saying that yeah. Yeah, but they don't they get down and she's looking around and she's realizing like now that her father is gone and she can't say anything to him about this. She's realizing how much time he's been spending trying to help her. Yeah, exactly and it's so and also seeing all of his research that he's been I mean he has been learning Audiology, right? You try and help her if he had involved her in this if he not seeing himself as the Sole Provider I think he could have figured this out together and would not have had to die but they don't and so and so we dies exactly but so they're down in this is one of the things that I love because she gives the baby to the Sun and he goes over and so now and when I look at this as a larger metaphor for the patriarchy once that repression of the gender Norms is gone and she can say hey son I think you would be good at caring for this baby right now I need your older sister to help me we are going to try to stop this thing that's when they're able to save themselves yeah once that repression is gone I think this whole movie is all about how the patriarchy flux up families and men and particular user to and I say that I don't think John Krasinski is intentionally trying to hurt anybody or thinks he's doing anything wrong and I don't think anybody any demon as the Director or the actor in the movie like the character he's playing the tried character he has bad intentions I think this is the the role he's grown up in yes and this is what he thinks his role is and can't see outside I think this is him as the writer director. This is his intention. This is the point he's trying to get across you think so I think so, I would love to I would assume so because that's all I got out of this so clear to because this is when they overcome it when they are finally allowed to use their voices in there like their gifts as people and also for me to see it. It's got to be much more drastic than it is for you to demonstrate. I think it has to have been his intention. Well the first time I was so caught up in my feelings that I was just like on the ride, yes will be so tense on a first watch it's hard to pick up any deeper meaning it is he Yeah, a nice also suspense it is. Yeah, she hands the baby to the Sun and they go and hide behind the pipes that she was hiding behind earlier and we won't grab the shotgun which is gonna do nothing like me. They have established a world in which these monsters or whatever our bulletproof well, and so she is going around and she seeing all these implants and she she being the daughter that yeah daughter is and she's holding him and the mom goes over and they have a moment where they cry and they're like, yeah, he did. Love you. This is what he wanted for you. Yeah, the monsters are to come close to the house and the lights start to Flicker and then it Is under the basements, yeah, and it's right next to them and she's pointing the gun at it knowing it's probably not going to do anything. But then it start we start to see its head open up a little bit because any for where they are it is well and it's also seeing all of the TV monitors I think are here in this data it is yeah that's in that's messing with them. And so it like knocks the shit out of all the television. Yeah, but this is one of the daughter Reagan starts to oh, wait a second. That's sort of Vaguely Familiar or similar to what happened to me. She starts a corn silo and then it goes the silent actually putting it together. Yeah, and I loved that me too. I thought it was great. And then she very slowly figures it out. Yes felt like it took forever cuz I was like do it now do it now? What are you doing? Because we already know that's probably like five seconds, but it felt like four and a half hours. Anyway, she figures it out and turns her implant on which hurts her. Yeah, but also hurts the alien. I love the alien design because every creature creature does that we don't know if it's an alien whatever. Yeah, that's right the creature design I love because it's Like the panels on its head that opens up all Channel sound towards the ear holes or whatever. They are, which I thought was head is basically 1 year 1 John. It's what? Yeah, I hear ya it like funnels it all to the ear hole, which I thought was awesome, but also makes sense because that's their armor and what happens make sense. She like realizes it's giving them on a feedback. Then she takes the implant off and puts it into the microphone baby starts crying. Well, yeah, but on the only thing that alien can hear is the sound of the any freaking out it's like seizuring and she realizes Has and the mom realizes it too and so she takes the implant and she slams it onto the microphone and it starts freaking out and make sure does the mob hits together lot quicker. She's like oh turn around but so it feedback freaks out and falls back into amongst ourselves and we think it's dead. Well, we do think it's we do I thought it was dead for sure. Well, then it broke the armor plate did it? Yeah control its own armor plates on its head. And so now when it comes back the mom to shoot it in the head because it's armor plate. and broken and then it falls down in its dead yeah so glad this happened yes and then on the monitor they start to see all the other ones running just as in the beginning in the middle of says well there's only three in the area yeah so the other two are running quick gunshot is very loud yeah they look at each other and it's I love so amazing I might cry talking about this because she goes over and she turns the volume all the way up all the way up yeah and then they look at each other and Emily Blunt Just Smiles and cocks the shotgun and that's it fade the back roll the credit it was the best and that is amazing and it made me so excited to go see the second one even though I'm so scared to go see this it was just the perfect note to end this such a dark movie on because it's so empowering yeah you know I think there's a metaphor to be he's like they turn the volume up once they're finally allowed to use their voice and their working together and that's what ends up taking over the monster and yeah it's really good but that's the movie and I don't cry guys well not only a little bit during the movie yeah having watched the movie having talked about the movie let's do some final thoughts so what you guys think about it I love it I liked it a lot more the second time to yeah I love this I think probably one of those horror films the last decade for how much I hated this movie but also really think it's an amazing amazing movie that just means how good it is because I think everyone should see this movie like yeah whether you hate scary movies or not not suffer through the scarce because it's an amazing movie but I hated watching it because it's uncomfortable and it's super scary but it's an amazing movie yeah it's done really well as and the just scares I don't think are cheap jump-scares like we I made fun of the none or hated the none so much because it was 10 times the jump-scares of this movie but a tenth of the plot there's just no sound in this movie The only there's only only Ambient sound the characters don't talk there's a level of tension that's really high so anything is a jump-scare I don't lie so I'm not as mad watching this movie because the he is so good like when I was watching the none because the movie was so bad but it was like the same level of scary you are very scared fucking hated them but anyway movies great I loved it but I'll never watch it again all right well let's talk box office so what are you guys in the budget for this movie was I know all right so Mikey it's only you to guess what do you think 15 million all right well it's 17 million dollars and go run and did pretty well and it's theatrical run so what do you guys think it made and I'll just say wide and its theatrical release I want to say 89 million okay Mike I think I may I think it definitely I think it made like a hundred twenty okay so I'll just do domestic first it was a hundred and eighty eight million domestic so put our two numbers together a huge worldwide it made 336 million dollars wow so it made a shitload of money it did very very well in its opening weekend it made 50 million dollars so how made double its money back in its opening weekend it and amazingly and it's so unique to it was very different and I actually was reading an article that said that the concession stand numbers were not so great during this movie because it's so quiet people are afraid to eat oh yeah that's true I'm opening my sass me like oh shit right you want me to kind of got to just power through though and I just at the beginning I was like ya donk quickly when they did get killed is like Open Mic milk and I have heard horror stories about people that went to see this in theaters that I had a really great experience where everybody in the theater was into it and quiet but I've heard like people could hear movies from next door in the theater next door and I've heard that like if people aren't into it and they're laughing and talking the whole time it really took you out of it you know but I had a great experience with it did very very well in the theaters it actually made about an extra 17 million on domestic DVD and Blu-ray sales so it's done very very well so let's get him some fun facts that because that's all I have her box office all right so kind of related this was John krasinski's third film to direct but it was his first for a major studio so really okay yeah so yeah this was his first major Studio directing film and to like knock it out of the park like that it's just oh you crushed it you know to direct and act well and didn't you write it yes and no the original script was written by Brian Woods and Scott Beck and they wrote it in college and submitted it and then John Krasinski got it and rewrote it and soak added some substantial the elements in but he didn't write it from scratch but yeah so to have that much involvement in this and he has said that he's not really a horror fan but he was on get it Jim I get it yeah hey Jimmy come on our podcast yeah listen Jim we are more than happy to have you if you're on the podcast will call you John you can wear your sweater too thirsty Jen podcast but he said that the premise of the family can't make sound and you have to figure out why was what hooked him into the role yeah absolutely they originally were not going subtitle the film and they were going to have you pick up everything on context clues but then when they got to the scene about when him and the daughter were having the talk about the cochlear implant that's when they changed it yeah that was a good change that was a huge mistake I think I think so too I think it would have taken you out and made you not pay attention has he been like what the fuck is going on exactly there are only 25 lines of voiced dialogue Jesus and what I love about it is like those are really meaningful scenes that's what they do absolutely yeah and it just shows the power of using your voice you know Jim or John Krasinski pardon me actually played the monster in a motion capture suit no I'm not sure if he did it for every single time but I think he did in some scenes that's awesome like maybe in the basement scene or something apparently there was a screening that was disastrous because they had not added all the effects for the monster and so it was just like a like a brother suit over laughing hilariously these parts they thought that the movie was going to tank but then they just made him not gym anymore you know that would just be like Jim Being around the office like fighting Dwight. I wrote this is like a surprise you like the studio didn't have a lot of faith in this movie. I didn't like it word-of-mouth got crazy on this. Yeah premiered at South by Southwest and everybody like lost their minds about it. Alright, so the kitchen Raptors in Jurassic Park were a big influence for this single to I could see that yeah. So Millicent Simmons is the actress who plays Reagan and she is actually deaf. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, she was deaf since infancy because of a medical overdose. Oh, she would technically be late. And yeah, I know. Oh man, I know but I mean she's she's doing well. Yeah, she's doing great, but she grew up with sign language and she helped the cast a lot and she wasn't like we said she was the one who suggested they changed the line to I have always loved you, which is one of the most impactful part. I think that is the most effective part. Yeah. They also hired Douglas riddle off who was a deaf Mentor who did a lot of coaching with them and kind of awesome. I can everyone in this either already knew or had to learn American Sign Language. Yeah. Now I say that as somebody who doesn't know. it but it feels very authentic right and I like how they designed the sign language dialogue to fit the character or you could tell they were conveying a lot of emotions on their face while they sign so you tell like they weren't concentrating on the signs exactly so this is not a hearing aid it's a cochlear implant and that's the thing like the way you do that is it's like implanted and there's a little magnet inside your skull and that's what holds it on yeah so what the device does is it translates vibrations in the air to nerve impulses in the brain pain and the brain perceives that as sound and so that's why it's working and that I don't know if this would normally cause feet well I guess monsters aren't real so we wouldn't know but that the feedback is because because of the modifications he was making to him right Cochlear implants don't cause feedback So speaking of what the monsters are down in the basement you see some newspapers on the wall and one of the headline says meteor hits Mexico with force of a nuke and multiple Landing sites and that's the most Back Store we ever get about the a not see that multiple Landing sites leads me to believe that there that's maybe it was just three Landing sites and that's one for each of them or there are a lot more than three around the globe because there's these people well yeah but we also don't know if other cities are fine I would assume they're not know because you go try and find help because I never saw that newspaper clipping but it's like Department of Defense is like it sounded the part of in says they they're invulnerable like you can see like the yeah I saw that the progression of the Noose stories yeah and like they slowly lost John Krasinski said he intentionally wanted to subvert that apocalypse Trope of like he was talking about seeing the speech by the president and then people like running and panicking and he didn't want to deal with that because that's not what the story is your right to get that into her alien that yeah thanks you for fun fact that really explains and those are my fun facts well thank you for your fun facts yeah you're very welcome let's do the scary scale hey listeners are scary scale is a scale we use to rank how scared we watched this movie it's not the quality of the movie It's how scared we were day when we watched it or one example is Ghostbusters are ten example is Texas Chainsaw Massacre all right Todd what you got because we watch this in the morning it was very bright in here because the sun was coming through pretty much every window I'm going to give it a six how do we watch this at night or in a movie theater it would have been a lot closer to a nine it's very my carry first watch on this was like a nine yeah what would you say today though I'm gonna say like a for okay alright that's the first time you have that one in a while so that's very telling it sounds since Green Room yeah wow I'm like I'm dead inside yeah yeah I'm gonna give it an eight yeah I get that yeah because you're a parent like you just yeah look at her alleged so hard like I have been through childbirth that is very similar to this in a lot of ways and it just it got me this is a little is this parent horror yeah like but I mean it's not so much that that if you don't have kids you can't really oh yeah totally and I don't ever want to sound like condescending like because it did it just I connect to this on a different level I agree like a higher level where he's looking down at us well I will say not to mansplain what you're trying to say but I'll say as someone who doesn't have kids I can understand why this movie would be scarier for you because you have a kid that was that age oh yeah and I don't have that personal relationship to it yeah because you can't see that happen and not see your own children and not think oh shit what would I do so this week you guys made me watch a quiet place what are you guys making me watch next week hey Todd are you ever curious about what the ring would be like if Disney and Harry Potter made it well now I am because we were watching The Woman in Black next week all right which I was terrified to see for a long time really it's clock shit out of me you guys I will agree with a lot of the fans who have been saying that you guys have been going easy on me but today it was really rough and it sounds like next week's to be really rough so guys watch The Woman in Black yep that's with Daniel Radcliffe Harry Potter and Disney apparently I think it's Disney in a woman in black yes so now it's time for my kid a five star review and you want me to read your five star review leave a review that is five stars and then type something out maybe leave an accent from to talk in emoji fun let's do it Mikey do you have this week's five-star review I do this review comes in from 21 hours ago wow three hot off the presses named another taken nickname I almost died while listening to the podcast in a fancy boy because he says do it in a voice in my van antsy and my fancy is fancy Little Mikey what that's what he doesn't crap it'll on the fancy toilet captain of industry and toilets this is one of the funniest podcast I've ever it's quiet I was listening to the he'll raise episode at the back here it's a batter but episode yeah and when the double Freudian slip came out almost doubled over in laughter and fill out of the machine I was using a lot I'm sorry hurry I'm sorry you're not liable but I was loving way too hot in terms of the time oh my God I highly recommend anyone interested in heart no matter the degree there's something for everyone yes oh my God this is amazing well thank you so much I appreciate that guys lose five star review Thanks I feel like we need to talk fancy for I don't so we are a member of the consequence of sound podcast Network have you would please check out their awesome shows like Kyle Meredith with Opus this must be the game must be the gig at the awesome bleep y'all have you been listening to it yeah I have yeah She interviewed Huey Lewis and the News awesome the news were not there although Huey Lewis may have a podcast out called Huey Lewis and the News because Huey Lewis talking about the news I don't want to get into it but it blew my mind there exists the assembler uh yeah and The Fifth Dimension yes and two of my favorites Halloween he's and the losers club and Halloween he's just announced what they're going to be doing next season and they're going to do the Friday the 13th 0 nice yeah their first episodes dropping on Friday the 13th so they still someone here as well as much as we love and support all the podcasts on the network that sounds like a dick alright guys make sure to follow us on social at horror verts and on all the socials and our site is at horror virgin.com where you can see jensblog links to the merch store all that awesome stuff and if you want to help financially support the show please do it by going to patreon.com slash War virgin we you get a lot of awesome great material at a lot of awesome grade levels bonus episodes to a month a lot of great shit lot of great video content it's going to be awesome yeah just check it out and if you can't help financially support the show but want to be a part of an awesome community and get daily free content join the horror virgin Facebook group and we liked it on social the time but it's like facebook.com slash groups / horror virgin so check it out thank you so much for joining us for a quiet place yeah I'm Jen I'm Mikey and I'm your whore virgin tug guys ha ha ha have an amazing week but quiet nerds know book nerds because I think my water just broke it's dripping clock consequence podcast Network