Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the station. the senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode today because he was somebody that really inspired me when I was young coming up. Up, so I'm really looking forward to sitting down and having a conversation with him today. And so we'll be talking about who inspired him when he was younger growing up on the basketball court and we'll look back and share some stories over his career at the University of Louisville and in the NBA, and now for our favorite part of the podcast, I'll bourbon selection of the day now bourbon selection of the day for this episode is 1792 sweet. I felt it was only right and it was only fitting for the U of L great. So we had to go with it now. It's distilled and bottled at the BART and 1792 Distillery. Zeenat a little bit over 91 proof our forty five point six percent alcohol volume and I've never tried anything from the 1792 brand. So I'm really looking forward to trying this sweet selection and from a quick knows I'm picking up a lot of dried fruit fragrances some old and had a little bit of an orange tail off in there. It's the first time I've come across a bourbon that I've had an orange accent and when I say dried fruit as well, I'm thinking about some that puts me in the mind set of wine. And so I probably should. Say dry grapes at that but that's what I'm talking about when I say dried fruit, but the Bourbons really easy on the nose. I'll give you guys my final review a little bit later. And on this episode the one in our sitting down chopping it up in a nice cafe. So without further Ado, let's jump into the conversation with the legend big homie. Welcome to the podcast man. Yes, sir. Thanks. Hello. Thanks for having already made. Let me let me start by asking you do you drink bourbon? Yes, absolutely. Okay, so we got this sweet wheat bourbon, man. I thought it was only fitting. You know for a guy that I looked up to man to and we get this bourbon. So, you know, I want you to swirl it around tell me what you smelled tasted a little bit tell me tell me what you think of it first, but we get into the podcast. It takes number, but I got a got one or two bottles of the 1792 to okay, you like that I like it on. Okay, what's this message was written on the bottle right sweet bad. It's only fitting now. They is there any Taste of notes that you taste it in there a little bit. I want to thank drink it to begin with. I just started drinking bourbon a couple years ago. Would it with some soda mix it with soda, but all my old heads to have I need to drink it straight. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah the bourbon man special especially the quality. Make quality ones. You got to you got to drink it straight out made enjoy all the flavor on it. But before we get into the podcast now, we just watch this Wilder Fury fight yesterday. What's your thoughts on that man? Hello. I'm sitting there watching it. And when I when I was watching the fight, I was like man this dude. I hope he wasn't riding around in that in that shiny Bentley instead of getting in there on his grind and inputting their role work in you know, because I'm looking at them are low, and I'm looking at her I'm like, well, he looks good. He looks in shape. You know his muscles as Pop and he looked like he's fit and I'm like, what's up? What he was he just doing sit-ups and push-ups and I put their role working man. You got to get it in. You got it. You got the grind and I'm looking at Tyson Fury. Yeah. He his body looks you know funny and you know, he looks out of shape like you could have went another 30 rounds. Did he not I had this, you know, people ask me before who you think's going to win and I was like, you know, if it goes the distance, you know, I think Fury I think if it doesn't end in five or six with a knife Out from Wilder it's going to be tough because in the first volume in honestly, I thought here we might have one now and they both knocked each other down if I'm not mistaken and I thought Fury was the better boxer man. It's what I heard and not but I didn't see the first fight. Okay, I was watching it with a couple friends and you know, they was like, we you know Tyson Tyson out for him, you know, that's like really like that. Yeah. He's like, oh wow, they're just hitting what up. What up? What up? What up? What a punch right now which you know as part of boxing, you know, you can be losing on all the cars, but You getting hit with a local punch, then, you know, you're the winner but it's like yeah Tyson now follow them. So I did not know that, you know, I did not know that so and as I'm watching the fight, I'm like, wow der it's could be a blessing in disguise for Wilder, you know, because he is a pearl I guess 34, you know, I guess, you know, not not young but you know, he's right in the middle. I guess he get you know, you know come back and maybe you know take it take it take it personal and I hope he does. Yeah, it's very humbling and I think they already have a contract for a match three. So it looking forward to a man. I definitely seen that that blood gushing out of his ear. Yeah, and so I figured like he probably busted his eardrum and you know, I wasn't sure if that knocked his equilibrium off because it seemed like he was just dazed and kind of Bambi legs out there man and just like any little thing. He was just falling down so it's gonna be interesting the next next go-around man, but enough about box, let's get into it man, you know, just you being a legend especially somebody that I looked up to man and and you really taking me up under your wing or the Young age and I can remember a lot of the interactions that we have man because he was so exciting for me to run into you because user God that you know, I just wanted to imitate whether it was being you know taping my left wrist and wouldn't even nothing wrong with my friends. I tape on my wrists are going outside working on my finger roll coming to watch you play in the programs in the summer time, but you just somebody that I looked up to man. So it's really a pleasure for me to have you on the podcast man pleasure. Although good words to appreciate it bro, man, no doubt. And so when you were coming up who was somebody that I looked up to our maybe that you you know, maybe want to imitate on the basketball court. I somebody that inspired you to go out and work and be a great basketball player. It was Michael Jordan. It was Michael Jordan. I lived me and my mom live with my grandma and 550's apartment. And uh, you know, we had one TV and we had one VCR. It was about five or six of us living in the household. We had to take turns watching the television. So, you know when I was growing up it was it was the Bulls Right, you know so I knew at 8:05 that Chicago is going to play. You know, what? Yeah, so I would record the games and just watch it as many times as I could and I just just just how he I mean just how he scored. You know, how he played defense High block shots how he, you know, just continue to get better. You know. One thing about about Jordan is what I what I respect the most is as his skills diminished, you know, he started going Post that fade away, you know, and and I'm a big fan of LeBron James probably I'm probably biggest fan of LeBron James right here with you if I'm one critic if if I have to you know, critique LeBrons game, you know, as he gets older, you know, he's got the come come with something different, you know in the post I fade away just like Colby. All right, right. Oh, yeah as your skills and your speed and athleticism, you know diminish you got to go to, you know, Plan B. If you want to continue shopping at home scale home with your legacy. And that's just what I hope LeBron does, you know because you know, I think he's still at when I watch them even today. Imma watch him today, of course right against Boston as I watch him. He still tries to blow past, you know off the dribble which you know, he still can do it a little bit but when he plays yanis until Paul George, you know, he's not successful in that, you know. Yeah, I mean you can see it. Yeah. Anybody knows basketball can see it, you know, if I ever evolve in Butler, I know he would pay me no chance you're going to have to say if I was, you know, if you ask me I was just like, you know, You know just get in a post or you know, get a jump hook or anything, you know, because you know, you're about to criticize LeBron being right about everything and me being a big LeBron James fan. I don't want to see the demise, you know, I don't want to be like, you know, because I watched get Bayless all the time kills it. Yeah, that's that's all he lives and dies by LeBron. Yes kills the brawn and I just, you know, I just hope his you know, he just gets appreciated like he's supposed to be. Yeah, but a lot of people don't know that she was drafted by the Lakers to it before you Life in Minnesota you were drafted by the Lakers. But another note man just on how sharp you were and how intelligent you were. I remember I was think I was in Middle School man, and I ran into you in the mall one time and I asked you I said man, what's up, dude? Why don't we use like, hey, what's up little man I ran into you before because I seen you Bobby Valentine Camp down Central and it's crazy for me to look back and think what I asked I was like man, I watched you play some league with the wrap this man. How come you don't play? How come you're playing? Play with the Raptors like you play with you Avail, man, and he was like man is his different man. It's just different, you know, sometimes it's just you know, things don't work out the way you wanted to and so fast forward two years later. I think I played summer league a couple times man. I ran into you. He said man you remember when you asked me that question like why didn't play for their summer league while I got played at U of L. He said now you understand I said man, I do I do I said man and that's crazy that you remember that man. He said yeah, I remember like he must Yeah, that's crazy. I remember vividly you asked me that question and and people really don't understand. You know, people are real knowledgeable about the game and they they watch the bind and this is not diminishing, you know, the fact that you know, we play basketball and the guy sitting on the couch, you know hadn't but not saying that he doesn't have no knowledge about basketball, but you know, it's a difference, you know, like when you when you when you in the NBA, you know, and I was a point guard what? Which guards the toughest job on their own accord? I got to worry about the plays. I got to worry about wherever or everybody loved. The four players is on the floor. I got the call to play. I got the call to play on the pressure and I got to start the offense, you know, and it's a tough job and any NBA is totally different, you know, I had a successful career, you know, I probably can call my own plays and you know coach Crum allow me to you know to beat me on the floor, which I really love and appreciate them. But when I got to the NBA the game was so much faster so much. Pastor bright and so much on the gas of so much stronger faster quicker and it was an adjustment. Yeah you was going from where 35 second shot clock down to 24 24. Yeah. So everything had to be quicker. So your nickname is pussy now. I've always thought it was Susie because you was a sharp shooting and so I thought it was the name from the gum, but it's not explain your nickname and how you got it. Oh man. It's a funny story II actually lie about the story. People people call me. Who's he been calling me to Z for the longest even while the brown called me lose it right. I just you know, I just let people call me but it is Lucy. I still to this day. I really don't know where it come from. Hello, but here's what I tell people when I was younger about two years old lady one of my mom's friends, you know, shoot nè I'm shooting a sock in the basket, you know, and the lady said oh si si look at him. I don't know where come from mellow, right? Right, right right. Now you went on to graduate from Ballard. You went to the University of Louisville. If you didn't go to the University of Louisville, where would you have went to it's hard to say now? Probably. Where do you think you went to are your other options that you consider? You know, I actually took a visit down to South Carolina staying hard head just the coach from Fairdale legendary stand Arden. He was assistant coach down at South Carolina and You know, he's recruited me hard. Yeah, it's when Carlos Turner was that fairy tale and Carlos had signed Carlos what Carlos is going to sign? So he asked me to come down and I took the visible and I enjoyed it and and it really thought about it talk to my mom about it. But at the end of the day it was Cars whose cars no doubt. Right? Right, and typically, you know, a lot of things were said about any crime that he only liked big guard right? And so you were sort of the exception to that did he ever say Anything that he saw on you to make him make an exception besides you just being a great talent, you know, what made him choose you as an exception to be, you know, really want his first smaller guards. You know what helado? I don't know, you know because I was because when as Norm of recruiting process, that was the that was what the other coaches other schools were saying like, you know, yeah, I know, you know, you'll be able to get back yard to Juan but you know, you know, they, you know, coach Crum coops big guards, right? It doesn't You know suture your playing style and your ability, you know, and and then I'm never going to coach come and telling them because you know, a lot of like I said a lot of schools is recruiting me, but of course my heart was in your Veil, but I wanted I didn't want to go to U of L and sit right wanted to go somewhere where I could I could God can play just what I wanted to do. I remember sitting down with them and ask them I coach you know what, you know anything you can you know, you can see in my game that Like it, you know possibly, you know, help help help the Cardinals and in the next four years and you know, it's like the one thing, you know, you'll get shoot it good shooter and he's like, yes II typically recruit recruit big dogs, but you know, you have a skill set that we can use right and you know, once it's said that then I knew it was up to me right now. Did you feel any pressure since you a HomeTown I know for me it was a little different and I think that the most different part for me was read the newspaper. Yeah when I got the U of L that's when I completely stopped reading the newspaper man, and I was talking with Griffin one time I said, yeah, I remember bozek wrote a column and he said something about me that I didn't like and you know the time being a 17 year old kid. I was 17 when I went into college. I didn't really know how to handle it. I wouldn't even I didn't like so I just stopped reading it and you know, you know, it's different. I'll tell guys like they coming to Louisville then when you grew up in little be playing a little because when you come from out of state, you know fans, but you don't really know and growing up here, you know everybody Personally, and so things are going good the talking to you when things are going bad. Everybody wants to be a coach. Everybody knows everything. So did you feel any pressure or added pressure playing for your hometown? It is pressure, especially when you know, you consider one of the star players are best on the team. It is precious because we live here we born and raised our families here. So you're going in a store. You know, you going You're Gonna Hear a comment you going to get says something to and you know, you just gotta you just gotta gotta roll with it and right, you know, I just I just blocked it all out because I knew that I put my heart and soul into it. So whatever whatever, you know, I did on the floor long as I put my heart and soul into it. I can live with the results and it's funny that you said, you know about the newspaper, you know, you have to have thick skin. Yeah, you know, you have to have thick skin. I remember when I was coming out about you know, it was it was something really written in the paper about me because you know the year before I keep the great was a McDonald's All-American right and and I love Keep the great to this day. You know we still cool and I still think it's a great person and a names a great player back then but I don't you know, you know people, you know used to bash them, you know, when I was coming out of high school people with passion because you know, he wasn't a good shooter and I'm sitting in class. I'm looking at looking at the paper carry a journal and said, well, we don't know who wrote it the one we will go to U of L to play Spot minutes for the next four years and It really it really it really, you know, I don't care how thick the skin is when you know, you get talked about in that fashion. You're going to feel it. Yeah, and yeah, but but I didn't I didn't soak on it. I was just like okay. I got the show right motivated. Absolutely. And you know, I just stayed in the gym. I stayed in gym and continue to get better continue to get better and you know, the rest is history now now and your four years at U of L, which one of your years I know it's tough for you because you probably love all of them the same which team would you say is probably the best team She played on Wow, you know, I would say the most talented was my freshman year and I think that's what I went with that's what I was going to roll with. Yeah, the my freshman year is the most talented because you know, we it was it was like we had five NBA players thought well actually six or seven Greg Miner Wayne Morton Cliff Rosier. You see him Alvin sells more than Alpha Sims wasn't really playing a whole lot plan a whole Lot, he wasn't playing a whole lot who would tick Rogers I think the uptick right? Yeah. Yeah, the most talented that that definitely was and I wish you know my I wish I was on even though you know for most of that year. I was the second leading scorer on that team which is crazy, you know, and and and for us to have that much talent for The Four Freshmen to be the second leading scorer being a point guard that just says a lot about my teammates, you know, I never felt you know, I never felt they was, you know angry or Or hating or you know, I'm saying none of that. I mean it was all love man. And I when I think when I look back and think about I was like, you know, wow, that's that's amazing and that's a testament to like Duane Martin and and Greg Miner and all those guys. Look Rosier late. Great Cliff Rozier rest in peace, but you know, yes definitely most talented, but the most I would say to you know my heart. It's probably my senior year but here, you know, we didn't have no all Americans man, you know, we had a six six center in Alexander's who you know shot. Threes, right right myself who shot three. He's a freshman forward Phenom and they Johnson, you know bozak Smith coming off the bench, you know, and we just played hard and everybody knew they roles and and uh, uh, you know, they knew that, you know, we was going to look we was going to go as far as I took him, you know, and nobody had no egos. Everybody was on board and everybody knew they rolls and that's why we you know went as far as we did right now. Let me ask you this. This is not something pretend. Career, but do you think that a player can reach their full potential without having the green light at some point? Oh, yeah for sure. And and now that I'm a I'm a coach I'm real I can really, you know address that because I tell my guys all kids think that that that they have to have the ball in their hands to be successful or bring something to the team. I'm like listen if you pass to the wing NG and you go set this pick for the man on the Block and if you sat this picking that man comes at the top of the key and his three, can you can you just as important as the person who shot the three but getting kids to buy into that they don't understand right? And so let me ask you this when somebody says well you got the green light so many people are typically everybody thinks that it's just a case where you just get to shoot the ball whenever you want, but if somebody says that you got the green light is that the only thing that they're referring to is that Get to shoot whenever you want. I what do you think now that you're a coach when you say man? Yeah, you got the green light. What do you take that as if if somebody told me that uh, oh I had the great light at U of L. But of course, I didn't come down and shoot in a shot and I want to write because I knew I because I wanted to win right to me. The green light is if you can make something happen make it happen right now. When you if you can push the ball in transition you make it happen if you can create for others and you create for Sirs along with get your own own shots and points up and that's what the green light is to me, but you know me being around kids and and and seeing high school basketball in and out day in and day out. It's still they you know, some kids will take that in the wrong way. Right? And for me, I think the green light more so for me was yeah, you can shoot it anytime that you want but you have to take good shots. Yeah, and I think the main thing for me that I take from is that when I had the green light is I was able to Play free. I was able to play through my mistakes because a lot of times, you know, some coaches won't let you you know, I won't allow you to play through your mistakes you make mistake, you know, somebody at the desk weight plates are being but I think when you got the green light, it's not necessarily just from a shooting standpoint, but just being able to play and have confidence to play and not be afraid to make a mistake or so. That's what I think about. You know, when I think about the green light so might give you the green light to be able to play and you know that gives a player all the confidence in the world because you know a guy that's playing with fear. By God is playing in able to play through mistakes to look like two totally different planes flew. Absolutely, you know, and I've been in a situation like a U of L. If I miss five in a row, I knew that I probably won't come out, you know, you know the God I feel like a coach had confidence in me that I missed the first five and I was gonna hit the six right right when I got to him be a man. It was topic of like I would get in and I knew I couldn't afford I felt like I couldn't, you know maker I felt like I couldn't As a shot or committed turnover or or or have the lead drop, you know, or, you know create a deficit for for our team because I know you are probably just don't come out, you know, right right. Now, you're the second all-time leading scorer and you have a history your second all-time at three points made recently moved to Second. Come on man. Taekwon deep Astro. He shot a lot more threes as you did though. You're the first player in NCAA history with 2000 points 450 assist 300 three-point makes 200 Steals your All-American now that you've had time for things to past and to really look back upon your career. How does it make you feel to know that you have all those accolades and really have a Mount Rushmore type of career at the University of Louisville in my opinion, you know, I know we had a lot of grapes but just, you know kind of be on that Mount Rushmore players that come through the program how to make you feel now looking back upon, you know things that you accomplished. It's great man. I mean I tell you Just just because I'm from the city, you know this because I'm from the city and you know, I'm 46 years old and I can walk in the store. And and if you know anybody from you know, 30 years old to 60 years old, they're gonna they're gonna recognize my voice. I mean, I mean, I'm a voice that can recognize my face and you know, the thing about little was is we sold knowledgeable about Cardinal basketball right now. We love our are cardinals man. We love our players and and you know, just just just you know, and I'm a fan I'm a fan, you know, been a fan am a fan down and you know, when I see these guys on TV and I and I see Nora and I signed I see all the other players, you know Kimball and them two guys out there doing their thing and you know, once they leave and you know, they still family, you know, they still famine we were talking we were just talking about, you know, our Brotherhood that we have, you know within the city and and with our Cardinal program, you know, we look out for Other man, I mean we not we may not call each other on the phone and learn but you know when we see each other we give you know solid ain't no handshake. It's a hug right honest and that's what it is. And and I think the city of Louisville can Embrace that and and and feel good about you know, how we feel and like you from the city. I'm from the city and and you know, when we see, you know, the future players cars come through her. It ain't gonna be no love because we don't you know show him the ropes in and tell them good things about our city, right? So once you finished up your great career you and the University of Louisville got drafted by the Lakers but then you would trade it and you played in Minnesota and so you was there with Stephon Marbury and young kg? What was that experience like plan also for the late great Flip Saunders as well playing with those guys Mulberry and Kevin Garnett was was unbelievable, man. You're talking about like young Talent, you know, we was all young. I mean I was I guess 23 I do. Yeah 3kg was probably maybe 20 step is make Maybe. 1920 and it was we had Tom googly. I don't know if you guys remember time to be glad he was probably the oldest and he was he was an All-Star here that he made a couple All-Star appearances and we had a good good team and that team was good and flip it was amazing coach, you know, I to this day, I don't think there's a better exynos Coach, you know out there than flip was, you know, I know I played for Scotty Davenport who was a great coach, of course the you know, the great Denny Crum, but if he was he was amazing with his with his play. Calling man he knew how to put certain players in in in certain positions where they were successful. But yeah playing with those guys. I mean, I remember just playing against death. He was so strong, you know, he could have a little ball and I remember from I played 82 games and we played five games in the playoffs all 87 games that I play with the Timberwolves. I never seen a point guard better than stuff. I'm older not not on one night. I mean, I'm Tamara he went against Jason Kidd. You win against Steve Nash Gary Payton Tim Hardaway. None of them was better than stuff I'm talking about it was an animal do was an animal straight B's he was strong. He could shoot he was intelligent. And I mean, I can't say enough good things about him. And I mean, I really watched the guy and he helped my you know, we was young guys, of course, I was older than him but I watched him and that kind of helped my career, you know, right when I went on as you know when I went overseas out. You know, I took a little things that he used to do. I used to get his shots off and you know, I was known as a scorer. He was both and I'm talking about he was man and I just but Steph, you know, he had that New York mentality man, right? No, I didn't write, you know, if you know guys from New York. They you know, they got that certain swag they walk with like, you know, none of y'all better than me and y'all know it right right right right in them and I wished it, you know, he could have tone it down because you know, I know he played a long time but he was supposed to be an all-time great, you know, like right on the famous. Right. Yeah type ability and I remember man. I remember you had an injury and they kind of do you in a whirlwind as far as you know with your NBA career and you know getting traded but I just remember I'm like man, how was Dhawan wheat not able to stick man with teams. I'm like--'cause I remember I'm looking to Chucky Atkins with Detroit. I'm like man, I remember the one we coming down on the brake hit me with it between the legs crossover. And at the time I didn't even know that was the Tim Hardaway crossover. Only Third only person I've seen do it with the wild weed. I'm like, I remember I'm going out there Park the next day practicing it. I'm like Chucky Atkins is sticking. I'm looking to Chauncey Billups. I'm like man, we just beat Colorado. My man wait was giving child see the business. I'm like, I didn't know Charles who's a freshman. I'm like my house all these do sticking and Dwight weeks, you know, not really sticking me as I remember as a youngster man. That really was upset him and I didn't really understand the game there. But yeah, man, but it's just you know, Allah is not to be in the right situation. Yes. No, I don't care. I don't care. You go. Number one. I don't well number one, you're going. You know, you're gonna have some leeway, you know, you can you can now perform in the first year or second year and then you know, you don't have time to wait they have their give you some time to see if you can play or not but right, you know, you got the you got to be in the right situation. I don't care who you are. I don't care what kind of talent you have, you know people all the time, you know, they say, how did this person make it in this person? Did this person was so much better man. You got to be in that right situation. You got to go in a Relation where the coach believes in you likes you, then you probably can succeed. You know, you can use they gonna give you some time. If you go in a situation where you know, it probably ain't no room for you the coach, you know, he's a rookie and you know, you'd rather in the second round, you know, you know, probably in and look at you that way then, you know, it's tough for you to make it but a lot of second rounders make it but I'm just saying, you know, you got to go on a try situation even even if you in the furnace. Even if you get drafted in the first round and you know, you signed a three or four-year contract which they get three or four years. I think I don't know what it is now, but thanks just to now is it turn two years now third year team option. Oh, wow. Well, you know, you got two years, you know to you know to they going to see you in the summertime, you know, they don't see you, you know working out but you got to go on that perfect fit that perfect situation, you know, and I her so much you know that you was better than this person or oh man this guy. Was so much better than that person. And how did he stick and you did right situation or a situation and I didn't understand it until I start going through it myself as I got older and I started playing professional. I'm like, okay now I see what we was talking about. I was like, you know, I was young and middle school and high school and he was telling me I didn't understand but once you start really understanding the backside of the business of it, you know, I'm like, okay now I see what we was talking about now understand what he was telling me when I was younger. And so now what do you think about Coach Mac and the current Louisville team? You had a chance to keep up with what you said you keep up with them and you watch what do you think about you know coach Mac overall and coaching style and the current URL team. I like it. I like coach Mac. I like his philosophy. I mean, I like his coaching style. I went to a practice and I was highly impressed. You know, you know, I'm a coach on my high school coach and you know, I took some things that you know from the way he was how intense he was and and I got on his players and held them all accountable every every I was there for like an hour and a half and and every second, you know, he didn't he didn't let a second go by where they wouldn't held accountable for anything like a freak though. I missed free throw. All right, you know a bad pass or bad turnover one-handed pass he was on them. And so I kind of take it to you know, I took it to my practices man and then and it's and it's worked. I really I really think he's a great coach. I watched him against Syracuse and I've been watching basketball long time and we all know Jim Bay hams. You know that that too. Whatever you want. I still don't know what he runs but I know it's highly successful because he'd been running for like 40 50 years like a 2-3 matchup. Yeah. Chris Mack shredded that that defense. I mean we got layup after layup at the layup after layup and I was just a lie impressed because I've never seen nobody shred that defense apart like he did I things I also coach it's such a change of pace because you know, his philosophy is, you know half court strong defense one shot, you know opposed to you know, for many years, you know, I've been watching you guys were Rick Pitino is Right crying pressure, right? Pressure pressure pressure pressure, you know algebra, you know Russ and Peyton all up on it, man create havoc and you know, I love that style. But you know, his style is totally different right so big homey. Now, we've reached the part of the podcast man that we like to call bear-proof. You being a bourbon man. You know, Barrel proof bourbon is one of the strongest Bourbons come out of out of the barrel. And so what we do now put you on the hot seat - you some rapid fire questions. Yeah. I don't want you to give a lot of thought just to me at first answer we gonna roll with it go so you'd be in a quiet. White guy, especially when you play who is the biggest trash talker that you faced. Do I'm a whole career throughout the whole career. Probably Kareem read your play. We play Arkansas. You got some time for me Taylor question, man. Guess what the podcast people all know if you guys I know I know real DieHard Carter fans. Remember my senior year. I think it was 97. We went down to Arkansas and I was having a bad game the fans. Was all me Kareem read the Arkansas they was all on me. You ain't no All-American. You ain't no All-American, you know you flew over tell ya for shoes that are shoes. You got don't roles of like 100. So heated, you know some on the bench I'm steaming. I'm like, I mean things coming out of my head. I'm so bad. So and Coach Crum, you know, if you get to files of Coach Crum, you don't sit the whole hand the whole have so we walking back to the locker room with fans. You would tear a wall American. You ain't going to the NBA so I looked the student section like well wait till I have time. Hey man, I was just so mad. I don't even know what I was saying, but I know I'm gonna have a better second and it was rare because it was rare to really see you upset. Oh, there ain't no you have no idea. They had me heated. All right second half I had two points at halftime. I think I ended up with like 25. I think I had like 20 something in the second half we end up winning the game. So funny story after the game. I went up to the student. Everybody else is running to locker room. We all excited because we beat a good team down right and that's until when Be Nolan Richardson down down there 40 minutes of hell. Yeah, 40 minutes of hell, you know you that's an accomplishment. So all my teammates excited they run into the locker room and I stay behind I went up in the student section and I was just so I was just so hyping and mad that you know, so I went in the student section. I was like what what I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know what I was doing. All right. So what now what now sort of fans turn around he said, oh, well you a bad boy. Is this all you met you you tough man? You're good player man, man, good luck. And we are in I'll just hook like four guys. I didn't know who it was. Right, but they it was just and I never forget that day man. It's just good knowledgeable fans, you know just trash talking and at the end of the day man, it was all trying to get you off your game. Right but it's not they respect his all up. Next question. What got you going more a nice move to a finger roll down the middle of the lane or pull-up three on the break. Oh definitely pull up three pull up three on the brake. Yeah, I mean The three is like a one a one a teams going on a run a big monster dump, you know as for the 303's backbreaker man. I mean, it's just, you know, you can play you can play good defense defense can play good defense, but you know, if you get if you get that three hit on you miss the more lies man. It is man. It's tough tough to overcome and I so I would say a three and you know what Matt you were the first person that I ever seen stop and shoot it through on the fast break. I never seen that right stop and pull up and that's when I started to implement it in my game. We got a question called franchise sign and wait, so I'm gonna give you three guys. You got a franchise a guy. You got to sign a guy you got away, but got you Allen Iverson Steph Curry, Isaiah Thomas of the Pistons who you franchising. Will you sign in who you waving that stuff? I love all three of those guys. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? I I'm sad and stuff I'm saying it's tough because Like I've never in La we shoot as you use a shooter. I was the shooter man. I've never seen her like that. I never I never seen that just to accuracy, you know not to dribble off the dribble and I was off the dribble shoot or to man, but I'm never Dame Lillard. I hope that you're I mean those guys is amazing amazing and I had the privilege to watch Damon and I hope I ain't running off the script man. Are you talk about what you want to talk about had to I have the privilege to watch Damian Lillard work out and Allah Almighty. Tell you and I hope it helped his kids out there listening. I feel bad. I feel ashamed. I feel ashamed and at my workouts for my career and I watch name and Lily. I mean two hours running shooting running shooting run and shoot. I'm not making a minimum breaks and it was unbelievable. Like wow and is the condition of indoor City had I mean, I was just amazed but back to your question sign stuff for sure. You got a franchise somebody you franchise and I you sinus there. I'm And stuff I'm sinus Delhi. I have science. Now, you know the franchise is who you build somebody around Oh, I thought okay. Are you franchise somebody? I don't think about football when your friend child for one year you got franchise. Okay sign anyway steps the franchise. That's the franchise. Okay, maybe I'm a prison in a moment because I played against AI, you know watching steps you these unbelievable threes and but I grew up watching I say I'm a I'm a sign a I can see I think he's the best on the 6-foot player that I've ever seen on a 6-foot. No disrespect. I was little of Isaiah but love of yeah, that's the question man. I got the wave I said, I don't even know if I would change that at this price up my go with to somebody that you would stop and ask for a picture with man LeBron James big fan Michael Jordan got some funny stories about Michael Jordan Dahl. Chairman is de. Oh I want Michael Jordan so much yellow record is games. She's like boy, if you ever see that guy you don't pass out. So my rookie gear. I'm in there with the Minnesota Timberwolves and we planned a bull's eye pull up with my mom. I pull up with my mom and my girlfriend and Michael Jordan he gets off the bus or not. Are you I never seen so many paparazzi's and and all people wanted to autographs and you know, so I'm walking him. Walking we walking in you know, he stopped to do an interview before I stopped in to interview. You know, he gave me a head nod and said hello to my mom. So I never forget what my mom said. She said when you see him you going to pass out. So I remember that and so and when I remember that LOL, I looked at my mom and she's looking dead at me waiting for me to pass that we shared a special moment. But again, it was just unbelievable man. I give you a quick back story. We just came out the final four and grip was having a party. No joins, always a Gris party. Yep. So I'll walks in and at the time I had a cousin that was friends with Ray Buchanan's wife. And so Ray Buchanan was in the party and she said come here. I want to introduce you to somebody and so I've been talking to Ray every once in a while. He would send me encouraging messages and stuff like that. And so I saw Ray Buchanan. He said come here man. I want you to meet somebody and I don't know who he's bringing me over the introduced me to and so we walking through brings me up introducing me to Michael Jordan. Now my you at the time we don't have like camera phones like we have now I had a sidekick and he said my how you doing man. I said, how you doing? I'm Larry O'Bannon. He said my know who you are. Hey, man, he said that are you couldn't tell me not real real tell me nothing better. And I said man Mike Jordan who I was man, you know, just coming out the fire for I'm sure he watched his Carolina wanted that year, right? He said but I know who you are, man, and he said now you got you got camera. I might now I got my sidekick. He said I'll come on man. You gotta get gotta get a camera some air. And I miss my Kodak moment, but that was my George doorman loved it. Yeah, well good people next question better. Classic Friday our house party. Oh Friday. Yeah, definitely. Definitely Friday. I can't even remember some of the house party. I mean, I you know, I like the House Parties but Friday. Yes, I saw time class you making a making a music track. You rather get up our course. I'm Chris Brown our verse from Drake man. Wow, that's going now. We got some good questions. I would have to say I was sad to say Chris Brown mags. I think he's amazed. I really do. You know what to do. Yeah. Yeah toughest person you had to cover. Steph I'm Albert Albert Stephon Marbury your first day of college you decorate your room what celebrity crush poster? Are you putting up on your wall? Oh Toni Braxton. Sure back then. Yes. Yeah. I love me Toni Braxton. Okay, the best part of the chicken wing the drumette out of flat. I would say just for me. I was a the drum and I would I'm a drummer Matt guys. Do I hear a lot of guys say? Yeah. I like to fight too, but hold on. I like the I like the drum but I don't like legs. You're like let whole likely say that crazy. No, it's kind of funny. But no actually I'm a big drumstick. Got you. I like drumstick last question one life lesson. The game of basketball has taught you be humble man basketball is so humbling. And you know, I tell my kids my mom my players all the time and the game of basketball is unforgiving, you know, you have to put that work in you know you You like if you don't if you don't if you don't train, if you don't put that work in and you go out there and try to play in the game. The results is going to show. Yeah, and that game at that orange basketball so unforgiving and it's in it's gone humble you and that's good. It shows who put in the work and who don't yeah Farmers mentality man, you know, you put all the work in beforehand and you know, you just wait for the results to come in the results will come absolute but that work in beforehand, but big homie man, it was a pleasure man, man. It's always a pleasure to be in your presence. Now, like I said, you know somebody that I idolized younger men now to be good friends with you man. It's it's even better. So I appreciate you coming through and blessing the podcast man being a legend being a friend and being a cardinal brother man. I must success to you man. I love what you're doing. You can have me on any time talk bourbon anything you got going on. Just let me go we are we Cardinal family forever and I'm just blessed for you for you having me on and keep going man My Success to you already man a good luck to you boys the rest of the season. Absolutely. Appreciate it. I really hope that you guys enjoyed having wheat join us on the episode today. It's always a pleasure to sit down and talk sports ball and bourbon with some of the Great's man. He's a funny guy to talking about. He's a fake Drinker great guy though and guys like the one man they don't come any better and he's an even better person than he is a ball player and that's a tough feet knowing the ball that he was and now for my final review of the 1792 sweet wheat bourbon, as I said in the intro when I was nosing the bourbon, it really had a dried fruit fragrance are dry. Grapes that put you in the mindset of leading. Your nosing wine has some Oak notes in there as well and also tailed off with a little bit of an orange accent to the SIP. The energy was mild not overwhelming but just enough to really kind of get the taste buds going a little bit really had a dry Oak taste with it with a little bit of spice and it was kind of contrary to the name because I was really expecting really sort of a sweet flavor with the name being sweet wheat it didn't have your typical vanilla. Or caramel taste dominated like many Bourbons that you taste on the market. I was very smooth and transition not much heat at all. The aftertaste was dry and okey and as I kept tasting it gave me more of a Piquant taste and in the late after taste as well, but overall a good bourbon is definitely one that's easy to sip on it that I like to thank you guys for tuning into today's episode big. Thank you to my guy talks about conquering for providing the 1792 sweet wheat said that the wine wheat was one Favorite all-time Cardinals and definitely want to make sure that we had that particular bourbon for our bourbon selection of the day when he was on make sure to share with your family and friends. I really appreciate all the support that you guys give to the podcast and the more support that you give the more we continue to grow. I just want to say thank you continue to share give us comments follow us on Twitter at the PPU podcast follow us on Instagram at the player's perspective podcast, and be sure to continue to send your suggestions for our Birdman selection of the day. It's been a wonderful episode while wheat has been a wonderful guest and it's just been awesome. And so now that you've heard the player's perspective, you know what it is till next time. It's a wrap.