Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll get it up there in a minute, but I want to share just this one work with you that God keeps peeking at my ears so loud so loud right now and I'm trying to I'm trying to I'm trying to push past it but I can't I got to follow the Holy Spirit and if you here today this word is going to be whatever you need because God is God is overriding our plan right now. Perfect. It says here 2nd Chronicles 7 and 14. It says if my people full of tears I come into my eyes as I read this. If my people which are called by my name Would humble themselves? and pray and seek my face and turn from their Wicked Ways. Then I will hear from heaven. And I will forgive their sin. And I will heal their land. Let me share with you what God is saying here in my heart. Because we all are looking for God to heal something. Whether it be our life, whether it be our hearts, whether it be our marriages, whether it be our families our children our minds, we're all looking for God to heal something and here God is speaking to us prophetically and God gives us a promise. Of how to get him to move. God gives us clear instruction. That if you want me to move move, there is one Surefire way. If you want to heaven to invade your situation, if you want to heaven to touch your marriage to touch your family to touch your heart to touch your mind to touch your spirit to touch your pain to touch your heart to touch your past to touch your hurt. God says if you want me to do that, here's the way this is how you get my attention. He says if my people God has already claimed you I don't care where you are. I don't care how many mistakes you've made. He's already claimed you he calls you he is he said You Are My People you are my son. You are my daughter. I see the Brokenness. I see the hurt. I see the city. I see the damage. I see where you are. I see what you've been through. I You my own I am not a God that shows up once you become good. But I am a father who's there? Even when you're broken. I'm God of your good days. When I'm God of your back days to I wasn't just the god of Israel. But I'm the god of Jacob as well. I'm not just a god of him when he became a righteous. But I was is God what he was messed up and broken and destroyed. I've always been your God. It doesn't matter how alone If you've ever felt you've always belong to me, you are my people for God so loved the world he gave he says if my people which are called by my name. humble themselves if you just said God if I just stop blaming you and start realizing that you've always wanted to help me but I boxed you out because I didn't want to do it your way. I kicked you out because I wanted to do it my way. But God I've realized that pride is only brought me destruction that Pride as only brought me hurt. They're doing it my way his only let me into a dark place of depression into a dark place of hurt into a dark place of loneliness. So God, I'm making the Decision this Sunday March first making the decision to humble myself. To stop blaming you because I make mistakes. That I make I make a decision today to humble myself. And pray that's why we called you to the altar. That's why I said if you need to come come that's why we pray every single Sunday. That's why we pray before service doing service and after service because the Bible says that God's house shall be called a House of Prayer. It's not a house of business. It's not a house of meeting people. It's not a social club, but it's a house of prayer to church was supposed to be where you go when you needed to hear God's voice the church was supposed to Beware you go with the voice of God was immune in your life and you needed Direction. The church was always a House of Prayer. You shall humble yourselves and pray and seek my face God. How should I go about doing this? God I'm seeking you. I've done this on my own for so long. I become accustomed to moving and then asking you second. But God I Seek You. You I seek your direction as I'm moving forward in my life as I'm moving forward in my family as I'm moving forward in my healing as I'm moving forward in my purpose as I'm moving forward in my direction as I'm moving forward in my Destiny's I'm moving forward in my calling as I'm moving forward in my assignment as I'm moving forward in my authority as I move forward in my business as I'm moving forward in my education God as I'm moving for. Let me seek you God don't let me just do what seems right but the end up in his death and destruction God. Let me seek you in every Ink away. Let me seek you in my business. Let me seek you in my marriage. Let me seek you and my family. Let me seek you in my thoughts. Let me seek to and in my heart let was the whatsoever. It is just and true and pure and have a good report. If there be any virtue. There's any praise. Let me seek you in my thinking. Let me see q and the last one. Let me turn from our Wicked Ways. I feel God, so strong on this. I hear God saying so clearly is not that I don't want to bless you. Please get that out of my out of your heart Sons dark daughter. It's not that I don't want to bless you, but you got to make a choice. Joshua said well, whatever you guys decide to do that's on y'all. But as for me and my house as for me and my house, I don't know who I'm talking to right now. But as for me and my house, we will We Will We Will it's not an option. It's a mandatory. We will it's not an option. It's a mandatory. We will serve the Lord God is going to be the Forefront of our house is going to be the leader. The covering of our house and in order to do that. We got to make a decision today. Hallelujah making a decision to say God. I'm a let this go. To turn from your Wicked Ways simply means to repent God. I'm going to repent I'm going to turn I'm going to let this go. I'm prophesying right now. I'm gonna let this and go. I'm gay. I'm letting this relationship go. I know it ain't for me. But God I'm using it to cover up the fact that I'm lonely in this person is filling a gap. They're filling a space and it's been a give and take is me sacrifice and give them my body because I need them in my space and God. It's hurting me. It's hurting. My purpose is hurting where you're trying to take me and God. I'm willing to turn I'm Letting Go this happen. I'm let go this addiction. I'm letting go of this issue once and for all I'm turning from our Wicked Ways. I'm letting it go I Repent God. I realize now in order for me to fully CQ I gotta let it go. Can I see you God is still hold on to it. I gotta let it go and I was speaking to somebody right now. I know you would like this is the last message. I was planning on hearing but God literally invaded this church. Because he wanted to meet with you and talk that's not our program. It's not on our schedule and you know, it's not our program. You ain't never seen a church. They skip offering. But I said we got to get that out of the way. Because God is trying to speak to somebody right now and some of y'all came here for this one message today that God is saying are you going to choose me or it? I know it's filling an empty space for you. I know it is and I said I see some of you like kids who holding onto it like a teddy bear like God if I let this go but what do you have for me? Butter from this then what's next God? If I let it go then what's next. Am I going to be plagued with a life of loneliness Waiting for God to move in a manifestation that I may never see like the enemy has you in a place of fear, like you're holding onto it because you're not sure if God is going to fulfill his promise. But God is saying are you going to choose me or it I know it's what you do. I notice what your family is done. I know it's a lifestyle you're used to living. But God said in order for me to really move in your situation. You gotta turn from your wicked ways. You gotta turn turn from what you're used to you gotta get uncomfortable. I'm still in the series. You gotta get uncomfortable and look at what God says. God says if you're willing to humble yourself and you're willing to pray and you willing to see my face, which means I gotta get to try it. Don't matter what's going on. I'm gonna make sure I get to the house of God. I'm going to seek him. I know some of y'all been like as long as I get there once a month, I'm fine, but you came on the right Sunday. God came to talk to you and say, can you give me at least one hour every week? Can you make a dedication that at least on Sundays? I'm going to press my way to the house of God. I'm going to His face and turn from our Wicked Ways. Look at what God's response is. He says number one. I will hear from heaven. Then I will hear and this is and this is going to touch some of you because you know what I'm talking about because you like God. Why does it feel like I'm praying but you don't hear it's not that I haven't prayed Pastor I have but I feel like why can I hear God's voice and sometimes is not that God has stopped talking. But the thing we're holding onto has blocked our hearing. He said I will hear from Heaven pay attention and I will forgive their sin. I will forgive. There is nothing so bad that you've done that God won't forgive. Oh, somebody needed a worship moment right there. It don't matter what your yeah, I'm exposing the enemy right now. It don't matter what you've done. There's nothing too big for God to forgive a man. I made some mistakes bro. That's fine. There's nothing to be that God will forgive it to you know, my life. I don't care God knows and he said it there is and nothing to being that he can forgive. There was no mistake. There is no hang up. There is no hiccup. There is no failure. It doesn't matter how far off the deep end you went there was nothing to big that God cannot forgive God did not watch his son die to hold your sin against you. Italy rewash his son dies so that he could pay the price for your mistake. God says I will hear from Heaven. I will forgive and I will be healed. The prophetic promise resting here in this room is the healing power and nature of God. God says there is no way you would drop everything and come to me and I'll leave you broken. God says I'm not going to leave you broken. Give me my worship music. I'm not going to leave you broken. If you are willing to say God. I'm humbled myself. I'm willing to seek you. I'm gonna pray to turn her my Wicked Ways. God says I will hear I will forgive and I will heal. Your heart is not too broken for God to mending. Your life is not too damaged for God to fix it. Your marriage is not to destroy that God can bring it back together. Your family is not to disperse that God can't gather them again that God has the power to heal. God says all you got to do is choose me today and some of you are saying what you mean past life. I'm born and raised in his I'm living for God like what do you mean guys like? Yeah, but have you chosen me? Have you made a decision choosing God is when you have the option to go another way. You could continue living the way you're living you. Could you saying God I've made a choice. Because I realized that choosing you has better for my destiny has better for my life has better for my purpose and continuing to do what I know may pull me away from you if you are humble yourself and pray seek and turn. Thank you for joining us special. Thanks to those of you who give generously to this ministry. It's because of you that this ministry is possible. You can click the link in the description to give now or visit w-w-w dot evolve Church MKE.com for more information. And if you enjoyed the podcast you can subscribe share it with your friends. You can hit the share button take a screenshot and share it on your social media stories and tag us at evolve Church. Thanks again for listening. God bless.