Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you.That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some audiences listener discretion is advised. Hi guys, and welcome to Crime lives. I'm your host Veronica and I'm your host Destiny. And before we get to the crimey stuff. I'm going to request that if you haven't yet rated or reviewed our show like if you haven't helped us in any way as far as ratings go. Could you please it sounds Help us in some way now. Damn it. Hey guys extra aggressive know if you if you go wherever you're listening to us right now, if you go and rate and reviewed our show reviewed our show in any way, you could leave us some Stars you could write some words. If you do will shut you out on the podcast will tell you how much we love you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah more than we already do. I know that it's not like oh cool little shout me out. But like could you please give us some stars? But it's so cool for us. Yes. Yes, and then if you also haven't and you like us and you want to connect with us or get like notifications about us or anything, please follow us on our social media platforms where the most always on, you know, most always on Instagram, but we do Facebook and Twitter as well. All of those are crime wives podcast and if there's any crimes you want to hear which I have been getting requests directly to my text messages. And you're like Keep It Coming. Yeah, you can text me. If you want. You can email us. If you want at crime Labs podcast at gmail.com or some way that you know us if you want us to cover something we will I've literally been covering people's requests for the last three weeks like this is great. And then lastly we are currently saving to get some better Mike's because if you think that Destiny sounds too quiet and I sound too loud it's because we have cheap mics. And we're kind of sorry but like but like deal with it deal with it until we left you will please go donate to our podcast. We have a link on our Instagram it you click that goes directly to where you can donate to help us get better mics. And then the last part is if you are new here and you don't like the next part the next part is where we talk about ourselves. This week is going to be a two-parter. So you're going to hear about Destiny and then you will meet You'll hit your head will be a aches and then you will hear me talk about some real intense crime stuff. So just fast forward now and then we'll see you later. Wait, we don't see you will talk to you later. Talk to you soon to talk directly in your ear balls. No, not a thing. Okay. Well, that's it for me with that being said, what are you doing this week? So this week? I mean I had another doctor's appointment today, which was great babies go. And great. She's just getting bigger. I had my blood glucose test and it so it's like that Sugar drink, which I think you're the one that told me. It was like awful. Uh-huh. And then I drank it and I was like, I thought this was gonna be so much worse. That's good. So I was actually pleased that it wasn't as difficult as I thought it kind of being like almost Sprite like yeah most it's like a Pedialyte version of sprite like it's thick it's sugary. It's too much but but I can notice with her. She's Just moving around. Uh, she's like well and I'm like, okay, you guys kill me? Hello. I feel you. But okay now that we're both sharing this body also do your thing. So that was all good and my chest obviously just came back like a couple months ago and we're all good. So yeah happy happy. Other than that. I'm hanging out with some friends tomorrow. Maybe you included depending on what your plan is, who knows my brother has an In his engagement party, so he proposed he yeah, so he proposed real like it's not gonna happen. Oh, I don't even know if I ever did I ever say it did oh, you know, I'm you didn't say down here. I like their dad that big news but then but then you didn't say anything about it and then you announce your so I said, there's big news in my family and I think that was before I knew that I was pregnant. It wasn't your brother for me, but it was my brother my brother proposed to his girlfriend like Five months ago. Yeah, it was way it months ago. Well, you never told me I was right around when I found out I was pregnant. I think it was like a week before I found out I was like, yeah, you already told me you were pregnant, but it was other news and I knew you were pregnant, but I knew we weren't saying it on here. You're just like there's some news that we're going to talk about and then we literally never talked about it. And then you announced you were pregnant like four months later. Sorry, brother. And also I'm sorry fans. Yeah. Also my brother got engaged. So yeah, he proposed to his girlfriend. So his engagement parties this weekend. And yeah, so I mean just hanging out doing our thing. Yeah. Yeah, not much. I mean it's not too crazy. We're just I mean kind of I'm at that point where I'm like, oh I need to get my life together. Yeah, so but then I think about my wedding and I'm like, okay, you're good Under Pressure, but then again, I'm also like Alex we need to do all this stuff and he's like we're gonna do it. And then so we're sitting here talking about how we need to do all this stuff for like the nursery and all this and then we're like, so we're going to do yard work this weekend. It's like there's like so many would also like got to do yard work. Yeah, you got I mean you got some time for yard work. I do like that whatever I got here you asked if they if quote they tell you what to do with the baby when get home with it and I was like who's this and I was like, I don't know the hospital. I don't know I'd so because my friends was She was talking to you about some very sad things and it got me into a paranoia. And so now I like I don't know if you noticed but I had three books sitting out I did on my front table because I pulled him out yesterday and I was like, I'm stressed now educate read and then I started reading and I was like, oh now I know I need to do so much more now. I'm more stressed out. So that's my motion. Well good. I mean it again, it just means things are happening with you that happens with Every pregnant person so it's going well regardless of how it feels I like how anybody that listens is like I either get I get the wedding talk or baby talk. All right, dudes. Yeah. Oh that reminds me. Somebody sent me a clip of her like a screenshot of one of our episodes. I don't even know what episode it's like three episodes ago. I might have been the Francis dude Francis was in his name. I can't Vincent Vincent. There we go. Okay, Sean Vincent Gillis. There we go. Episode I made a noise that it literally he sent me a screenshot and guys. I think that there's like I don't know what I'm hearing but it sounds like there's three people in the room. And of course, I'm like, that's crazy. I don't want to and I was like creeped out. It's my own self. It's so if you are you doing like a we're she does other voices and sometimes and sometimes she like awkwardly whisper. Yeah, they're like, okay and I'm your editing. Are you like? Okay. I'm like Rihanna could people might not understand you a but they also might not hear. Eerie like I'll give a fuck and surname but it's my own I could hear I like somehow so I'm only bringing this up in case you're ever listening to our podcast and you're like what the hell was that? I you're talking and I'm like reacting and I'm like cool like in the background you hear me and then I'm like, yeah, maybe but it doesn't like go together and I like it's annoyed that I am familiar with making myself. You're like that was definitely my body. So yeah, so well, sorry. For those of you who hear weird noises heared who he heard weird noises weird. But yeah, there's always only two of us. Yeah, so sometimes there's a cat but she's quiet. Yeah. So if you ever hear like a man, yeah, honestly, I don't think oh my God. Yeah, but it still means something so might be happening. But thanks for your concern. We appreciate it. We do we do we'd like to know if we're being haunted. Yeah, which by this time I'm surprised were not yeah. Oh don't say nothing. I like it. I like it. Something just drops behind you or like okay, this Bud gets is over. See you never you never okay. So what case are you covering this week? I was so beautiful. Thank you. I almost started laughing because I looked up and you look at every very quick. That's a big Grim Reaper. I can't speak for her to be out for anyone. Doesn't know I brought up to Destiny that we say so what are you doing this week? Which is what we asked each other when we're talking about our weeks, but then we had also go. So what are you doing this week about our cases? We're very repetitive. So I was like, what should make it a point? Well Destiny's real good at it and then I smiled awkwardly at her and ruined it was like yeah look away look away. So what case so I am doing Edward Wayne Edwards and holy shit. Holy F words. Yeah. Yeah, lots of Edwards. I you're like I'm lost for words already live here do it. So first, I'll name my sources. I listened to well. First of all again. She I don't think she's like up to date but I have a friend who always is recommending the cases. We've been covering which thanks Kenna. Yes. We appreciate it. We've done it and they've been really good. But this is the biggest for sure case that I've ever taken on. So it's going to be well, but my sources are the podcast the clearing which I got some so thankful. I found that because holy man, there's so much. They also did an episode of this on my favorite murder. So I they did a live show on it. So I tried to listen to it, but it's like mostly jokes Karen did it I can love Karen killed it but it was a live show. So it wasn't like here's a bunch of information. It was like jokes and stuff. So it was kind of hard for me to keep up with so I wasn't apart of it. It still love forever Wikipedia murder pedia and WordPress. All righty, and the word press article. I couldn't find the author. So it's just on WordPress. If you look up Edward Wayne Edwards, it was like that main one that came up. So okay again, I think I like I wrote a script. This is a 1000% the craziest serial killer I've ever heard of not necessarily because of his killings but because of who he is as a person. Listen, okay. He's the I mean, he's up. He got a very much so, okay. It's just insane. So I'm going to I'm going to get into the most condensed version of this story. I'm ready for it. But in the podcast the clearing I they put most of his like his convictions in the first four episodes, which I'd listen to you last night and then I had already written everything and then I listen to a little bit more today. So I'm going to have a little bit of back stuff. That's probably not on here, but that is going to feel like I just He did put some Snippets in so a if you get confused, let me know. I definitely will. Yeah, but also there is so much more to this person than what I was able to put in five pages of information. So first off eight aim, oh makes okay Edward Wayne Edwards sometimes most some a lot of his friends called him Wayne Edwards gets confusing but most people all that right about him or like investigate him refer to him as Edwards. So that's what I referred to him as however, he was actually born according to his autobiography as Charles Murray in Akron 8 Grand Akron Ohio in 1933. However, there is also an assumption and the Assumption that's not right. There's a place that says he was most likely born Charles Edward Myers, okay. So he goes by a couple named you have a few aliases have a few. Yeah, just a few as of right now the right now he already has three aliases. So and that this also says that there's a chance he might have also been born May 30th 1928, which is like a few years off of every five years different. So like who knows how old he actually was but as you can already see it's going to be a lot of conflicting information because as his history is told over the years by like the feeling of people it becomes painfully clear that his there's like he laid down lies as he went on on purpose. He would tell multiple stories so that you didn't know which one was true. That's what I've come to realize or he would tell the same story and like tweak it just enough that you were like, which one's true. Yeah, it's crazy. I don't know. I don't know what to believe. Yes. So there's a lot of conflicting information. Because he wanted it that way so and he pretended like it was because he had a spotty memory or something. But no. No it was not none of it was it was all on purpose. Yeah manipulation. Yes. So very depressing first thing when he was around five years old. He witnessed his mother commits suicide. Oh so or complete suicide pending pain what you prefer to call it. He it was Heavy obviously very dark after his mother's death. He was sent to an orphanage in Parma, Ohio where he later writes that he was severely and this is where he writes again in his autobiography that he was severely abused both mentally and physically in that orphanage and he eventually will attribute a lot of the reason the way he is that way because of what happened to him in the orphanage, which is probably super true and I absolutely won't argue with that. Okay, I know that I've already started to say this but I did put this here. I know I always say this sort of thing, but it needs to be especially stressed that there is almost too much on this man to condense into one episode that I've the podcast Our Lives into had eight episodes. That's why I'll yeah so and every single one of them, I'm just like it's so gripping so full of soap intervention and or it like breaks apart one thing that I'm going to mention here one time. Then they'll have a whole episode about it. And I'm just like I wish I could say it. Yeah. Thanks so very condensed. But if at all if you like anything that I'm about to talk about if you're like, wow, this is really interesting. Listen to the clearing. It's so good. It's just it's so well done. And at first I was like this guy's voice is too monotone and he sounds depressed and then an hour and do it. I was like, I love this man. We're going to get married. So because he's really good journalist, so, Also, I have a friend Christie who's always like recommending me stuff. And I know she's gonna listen to this go listen to the clearing. Thank you moving on. What I'm also going to say. Now is that Edwards? I'm going to put it up here first so that we can get to it. He confessed to five murders before his death. However, since his confessions and convictions there have been tons of speculated crimes and tons of media like coverage that is tried to tie him in or believe he's involved. Moved in some other way two other murders in the areas that he's done to which is everywhere. Okay, so I'm just going to cover the ones that he was put in jail for okay ready for it. Okay. So in 1948 when he was 15, he was sent to a reform school in Pennsylvania, which he is basically juvie than what I've concluded eventually. He was allowed to get out of juvie detention with an offer to join the US Marines in 1950. However, he basically he went AWOL, which he I don't know. If anyone else calls it a wol or is the proper way is but in any recording, he's always saying a wol and I'm like, I always thought it was like he's yeah, he always says, aw he went aw. Oh, well, I'm like a stop saying it like it's a wall. Yeah, so he went well, I understand. It's an acronym but still basically he goes AWOL right away and then was later discharged or dishonorably. Charged for stealing a car so that was short-lived experience for him. But basically from there he just goes off on like just that was him in crime now his debt. His life is crime from there on out and and his own claims. He says that he spent his 20s just going all over the country committing burglaries forging checks having sex forging checks having sex. We're doing Chetan having sex. I wrote it and didn't read it out loud and I well that's a fun one for checks. Having sex so he did that a long with like he's in his 20s. He did there. So he was all over the US like he was in so many places. I'm just going to say that part now in a direct quote from Wikipedia, he wrote that he never disguised himself or like his appearance whenever he was doing crimes because he wanted to be famous. Oh, yeah one of those so that's not obnoxious. Yeah one of those So eventually he's arrested yet again and transferred to all of these different prisons because of the the places he was committing like these burglaries or robberies, they'd be like well that guide is over here. So now he needs to go to take do his time at this jail. Yes. She's getting transferred all over the place. However, one of the he's eventually transferred to Portland, Oregon where they all the craziest ones end up in Oregon at some point. Fortunately, yes, and so he had to go to Oregon and he's still in his 20s to stand trial for yet. Another robbery. However, once he's there he gets sentenced to another five years and then is transferred and imprisoned in Leavenworth. However, I'm going to say this here because I don't go on to say this anywhere else in Portland. He did so many bad things that I'm not mentioning here. So just I might bring Back up, but just know that I wrote so he goes Portland. He doesn't bad stuff. He gets sentenced five years move like light crime are like, aw. I thought it was like crime and I learned otherwise, okay, so I'll bring that back up later. Okay. So now he goes to Leavenworth while he's at Leavenworth. Oh also some point in there. He got married and divorced. Okay, not so he got a short little little tiny marriage in there that he goes to Leavenworth at Leavenworth. He claims that he needs a guard who basically helps him reformed into a changed man, which never loved their changed man. Yes, and because he is so quote reformed he miraculously miraculously that was about to come out dad gets paroled from there. Okay, so he's done. I know that I haven't gone to detail about the lot of bad things that he but he should not have been paroled songs. Also I left this out before but because of all the robberies he'd previously placed he was now at the top or while he was before he was jailed. He was at the top 10 America's most-wanted list, like that's where he was at as far as not doing well or doing bad things. But again, he's performed reformed and now he's on probation so or whatever. Okay, so now he's out he needs a lady. Named Marlene. He gets married starts having children and this is when actually know Marlene was the first wife. My apologies. He meets a woman named K K is his second wife who he has children with whom he stays married to so they start having kids. This is when he decides that he's going to write a book about himself and become a motivational speaker. Oh, is this the autobiography that you yes stated? Okay, so he's writing about himself and in it he He basically depicts all the things he did in his 20s, like for example, he used to pull the fire alarm at Big places. That would cops would come dry. You know, the whole whole Brigade would be there today just because he liked to see get a little bit of attention like he got he got arrested for doing that multiple times prior to this. So he's a he's writing about well, it sounds like he just wants attention just wants attention. He's writing about his life as a criminal and that book is called the amorphous of a criminal the true life story of Ed Edwards. So like he just you know, so the he had yeah, he's met his wife Kay. They start having kids he's doing he's being this upstanding citizen will call him and because everyone is I'm assuming so pleased with how he's doing. He ends up going onto TV shows in 1972. Oh wow, and this was a crazy part to like a ball of all the cases of all the things. Um, one of the show's is called to tell the truth on the show. They line up three dudes. And I mean it's there's a there's a Google picture of it is the most old-fashioned looking 70s thing you seen not that the 70s is old-fashioned, but it's just three dudes like on a stage. They're all it reminds me of the Rodney Alcala, uh-huh, like the simpler. It's super similar to The Dating Game. So what this one is is to tell the truth is what it's called and the The theme of this of this specific episode not every episode is like this but you have to basically pick out there's three people there's two that are fake and there's one that's real and it's like the two truths and a lie. Yeah. So to tell the truth, so the these two on this one or whatever it's which one you used to be a convicted criminal. I don't know who thought that was a good idea to bring a convicted curve. Yeah, but I guess you know, if you don't know that much about him, maybe it's just somebody who just want to do a one-time fine. I listen to a recording and of the questions being asked and answered and he's like he's like openly honest about a lot of things that I was like it was like an audience because there's a leak in the thing. Okay, and he's very casual about his answers and the there's like number one. Number two number three. He's number three number two not believable at all. You could tell he's like acting and the ladies like I definitely going to pick number to give these not believable. And he's talking about different crimes he's done and she asks like about his age and when he was doing this and in my opinion, he sounds very smug and proud of himself when he's talking about these things would be else's somehow also sounds casual it's weird and then to absolutely no shock. He's the one that gets picked out of them. She's like, I'm pretty sure that guy used to be a criminal but everyone is like proud of him because he's a reformed criminal. Yeah. So that's where like he was like until I wrote this book about me, but now he's great till I got For five years instead of should have been in jail forever. And that's the end just kidding like, okay. Well Grandma's up that would have been the bit like a good way. Like that's how I think he thought it was gonna go. Yeah, actually, okay in 1974. He buys a house with his wife and is still just going around showing off how good of a person he is kind of just not necessarily showing off but like inserting himself into the T even with the cops like he's chummy with the cops, which is duh. That's how it always goes. However one night he and his family and him come home to his house burning down like okay. I don't necessarily know where they were at or what but he tells his family that he believes and that's like they come home. I think they drive up to the house and it's like own Fuego and they're like, oh no and I think as they're leaving this is kind of what he like looks as white. It is like okay, I think someone from my past is trying to like make send me a message. They know that I got paroled. They know that I'm not I should be in jail or they're mad at me. Also. I used to be an informant any like blurs all this out. She's like some and he's like, oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Yeah, we do got to get out of here. So yeah, like let's go hide. Okay, and essentially after that they kind of Go On The Run they end up moving States pretty much every few months after a while. He's like open with her. And so there's that part of the story now. We're going to jump forward to 1982 and this is not his story. But this is a different story. It's in Jefferson, Wisconsin. When a couple the man's name is Tim hack and he was 19 and the girl's name was Kelly Drew. She was also 19 they were at a this. It's called the Concord house in Jefferson, and it was from what I And I'm going to say this if I'm wrong, you can tell me later. That's fine. It sounds like it was like a big like Hall where they had events. Okay, and he was or they were there for a reception. Okay. I don't know if I don't know exactly what they were there. Probably is just a reception. There was a bunch of people there. So the couple were there they were high school sweethearts they left together and they I don't necessarily I don't know if they like tell anybody they're leaving or they say they say by they leave and they leave Tim's car is later found still in the parking lot and a few days after that. They realized that like they leave in there just like nobody ever say that again. Yeah, I don't know why I didn't put that here. I just like went to the next part. Anyways, they leave the next day. People are trying to find them the dad goes over to back to the Concord house and is like his Where is here? And so I think I'm going to I believe it was within the same day. They go to the police. Hi, I can't find my son and then Kelly's parents were like we can't find our daughter things are not right. So they go their cards found within I don't know if I don't know how long it is. But within I think the next few days, they start fighting Kelly's clothing like strewn about weird country areas what it said, but there are kind of already in the country. Yeah, like it's just everywhere so they started finding pieces of her clothing and obviously think something's not right. So police start to investigate essentially starting with everyone who was at the facility during the time of the Yeah, and they start doing interviews and when they start interviewing everyone who is at the facility the reception again is called the Concord house. So they're just basically anyone was there. Can we get information for you from you? Unfortunately, nothing was recovered from the interviews and about two months goes by and then suddenly their bodies are recovered. So they are found that they were murdered Tim had been stabbed and Kelly had been In strangled the case. That's when they decided to give the case the sweetheart murders because so I know so that's what they're called. And unfortunately the case remain cold for decades. Oh, wow. Yeah. So however Ten Years Later police were given the opportunity to reopen. I believe it was five of cold cases in the area that the bodies were found like that department and the sweetheart murders are among those cases. So they start with Kelly's flows. Had been found way back when and they are finally able to do DNA tests because ten years later. They finally have DNA tests as an option. So they they send her clothes in for DNA and see if they can find a match to anyone while they're waiting for it to come back. They they decide to kind of put like a broadcast out like a news they do a new segment on it like a we're reopening this case and they put stuff in. The newspapers to ask anyone who knows anything about the events from that specific night at the Concord house to come forward with information. So now the reason I did this side story is to get where the main podcast I listened to again declaring kind of starts off. And so I did the backstory and then this is kind of where it starts off with. There's a woman a 50 year old mother named April Bellagio. I think it's how her name is pronounced is The paper one day and she sees an article about the Concord house and basically from that article suddenly like her childhood cut like that like memory stress and she's like, whoa, and a lot of memories are coming back to her and she believes her dad the handyman at the Concord house at the time has something to do with the murders. Oh shit, like as she and I think what it sounds like to me is and I probably wrote this somewhere and I might repeat myself, but it's like All these weird things happen in their childhood and their dad is really good at explaining it away and or like again telling three different versions of one lie, and so you don't really know which one's the truth or not. And so yeah, I was going to say your parent has to be a shady motherfucker bring you to be like, you know, they might have been involved in killing people exactly. Like I could never even imagine thinking something like that. He says that too and I think truly I think she might have always had like these gut feelings and then as she Came, like a level minded adult. She had guilt that like sat with her and she it didn't sit with her well, and she's like look this I'm going to the police and that's pretty much what she does. So I was just like, oh my God, I'm so goofed. Of course, her dad was obviously Edwards gotcha put that here because I said her dad good to clarify him though. I said that now the reason that April is so suspicious. Which okay, maybe I just went right into this. With a lot of other weird things that her dad did when she was a child. She vividly remembers in this specific case two days after the sweetheart couple went missing her dad woke up the whole family in the middle of the night and move them to Pennsylvania. I was like, we gotta go the people that have been finding me or the they're coming for me. I am burned our house down remember them. I'm sure they're here and they know where I am. We gotta go. Oh Jesus or we don't want them to know where I am. We got to go and nobody else questions. I heard they're in town. Let's go. Yeah, so I'm sure he probably like set himself up way before he randomly move them over and over and was like every two months were going to move because I don't want them to find me as opposed to going to the authorities and say I think someone's following me. Yeah. Anyways, so from here, I'm basically just going to get into the weird things that happened in her childhood, that could be explained as man. My dad sure is weird, but my dad is weird segment of our story. Yes. But as I basically said that she I think she became an adult and was like, this is not sitting well with me. Yeah. Memories are scaring me a plus b plus C plus d plus everything is adding up and equal my dad kill people. Yeah. My dad's a loony. Yeah, so it only took her until she was 50, but you know what she did it. Okay better late than never very proud of this lie, so during her childhood. She has four other siblings one who is off at college now or at the time of this situation And as well as a childhood friend who actually ends up being like fostered into the home and his name is Danny glockner. They even mention on the my favorite murder episode that Ed tried to adopt Danny and this is also mentioned in the clearing and pretty much it doesn't it kind of says it on Wikipedia, but he tried to adopt him but the judge wouldn't allow it because Danny was an adult by that point, you know, like interesting. Yeah, so like Like he knew them he was with their family basically from when they were in high school all the way up to him being an adult. And so when he tried to go adopt him, which I this guy had so many motives in life. I now as I'm reading this and I've learned more about him. I think there was a motive for him even trying to adopt him know probably but the job that he's a good person and I'm so there's probably something malicious behind it. Yeah, so but the judge did allowed Need to change his name and he changed his name to legally from what I understand to Danny Boy Edwards Danny boy. That's what that's what Edwards called. Okay, boys. So awful name but moving on. So Danny enrolls in the Army, which I think this was with kind of like a push from Ed after like his daughter had moved away. They're all like older like as soon as his daughter turned 18. She was like, bye. See you later. Yeah. Yeah, so and then our other his other kids it started to move away and stuff too. So she he gets Danny to try and roll in the Army. Danny decides will say last minute that he's unsure and then his pseudo father basically was like, well, I went AWOL and I know how to go AWOL. I know that after you go AWOL, you'll get some sort of you have to be there in a certain amount of time. But after you go AWOL, then they'll let you just leave. Whatever, there's some reason behind that he feeds to Danny as to why you need to stay but then you could but you then you can just do it. Yes. So Danny goes AWOL after that. He goes missing entirely what? Yes, so because Danny was basically now like Edwards son. Of course, he's like obsessed with the fact that Danny goes missing and that no one can find him and he's like he's going to the authorities was like, I love that boy like he's my own. I own I'm not going to rest until he's found he even like calls people that he was in basic training with and was like tell me what you know, why he's just gone. Well a year later Danny's body is found in a forest. He been shot in the back of his head twice. However, the case remained cold and they cannot find how or who killed my family. Okay. So just that's one of the saddest stories that happened to his foster child, okay. So that was basically a story within a story which is kind of what I think I'll do a few times and it's only because they'll all come together in the end. Okay. And in this case the story about Danny is because when April finds out that article about the sweetheart murders she goes to her siblings to basically discuss everything and there they all kind of like come together in real life. Yep. Yeah. It was very suspicious that night and that's kind of when a lot of stuff comes out. They're all like they all just put their puzzle pieces together. They all put their puzzle pieces together, but it also sounds like April forgot a lot of stuff in her brother's remembered a lot of stuff that our brothers were like will be quiet. Yeah, so they get to talking essentially and there that's when they were all talking about Danny that night and that's why I brought up the story about Danny and how crazy it was that he disappeared and then they also start talking about other details of their childhood like the multiple fires. She remembered at first the one fire and then Actually their houses burned down three different times. Oh, wow, and so and they were always moving and then there was the one time when Mom was in the hospital and April been so young that for from what I understood. She didn't remember a lot about it. And then that's when her brother was like, yeah, that's don't you remember it's because Dad had stabbed mom. What and you? Yeah, literally the next part I put was April's like what? Yeah, so So he essentially is like yeah, Dad came home that one day and wanted to like eat a bag of potato chips, but the bag was half eaten and he was pissed and of course the mom what I'm going to assume the kids had eaten part of the there was still some left. But yeah, it's a half but back. Yeah, the kids had eaten part of it and I'm going to assume the mom was trying to defend the children about it and then he just Stabbed his wife. Yeah, so assuming he gets pissed at his wife over potato chips. Let's just put that hair red flag. Yeah, well due to this large family discussion and all the things being like piece back together for April. She realizes the not only is her childhood a big weird clearly lie, but that her dad might be like the worst in like the history of ever. Where's Dad worst dad ever. Where's Dad? Never so because of all this she decides to go to the police with what conflicting information she does have and because she was only 11 at the time of the sweetheart murders. She said she liked she didn't remember a lot but she did actually have vivid memories of that night specifically that her dad had come home ed had come home with cuts on his face and a black guy and he told she remembers that. When he came home the night of his sweetheart murders, he said that he had been in a fight and she was like, okay, that's crazy. And apparently the mom was like, it's fine. Don't stab me. I don't know. Yeah like a very passive. Yeah. She remembers though April remembers that I am assuming the police came to the house to like investigate every word interview everyone that was there and she remembers that he told the police that it was from a hunting accident. And even at 11 years old, she's like, huh? I'll do this is we're not what he told us the story hunt. Yeah, which he didn't so it was felon in possession of a firearm not a thing then I pretty sure it was. Yeah. So anyways, he's out hunting is what he says, that's not the truth. So when she presents all of this to the police one specific investigator whose name I didn't write down. There's another person whose name I didn't ride and I don't know why I did this. The main investigator on the case, you'll hear if you listen or look this up. He's mentioned he decides to take her statements from that night and then to look at his statements from that night. And he also decides to he says and then I just went on Amazon and I ordered the Ed Edwards book. So oh, okay. He gets the book and read the book and that's just kind of all the info that they need to conclude that she does. She like her story adds up. Yeah. Yeah, so they were going to kind of fast forward a little bit more because a few months later. I know if it's a few months or how much time goes by it's but they get a warm it a warrant and they get a warrant and they go to his home in Louisville Kentucky. He is now very old very overweight very very weird looking like he looks like a decompressed human like someone just likes at Play-Doh on what was supposed to be a human. I was like, it's like big. Yeah. Kind of oozed out, huh? Yeah, and I got like tubes in his and yeah compared to the younger pictures of him where he was somebody that you could you'd probably like he still looked evil to me. Yeah, but like handsome like yeah evil handsome. So now he's old and has tubes in his ears and yes and no longer handsome not handsome at all. And so they're at his house in Kentucky when they initially meet with Ed they don't tell them exactly what they're there for. Or necessarily like they don't give him and there's this is when I think this is around the same time that the podcast had came in. So from this point out anytime I like talk about most of the A and recorded himself doing everything like he recorded himself in the waiting room for when his daughter was going to get born which seems sweet if you're an end was like, I'm just out here waiting for you to get bored and I don't he just loved recording himself. So in this podcast There's a shit ton of him just like Clips, uh-huh because he recorded here quarter phone calls here of corded things that he was doing assist tons of videos. Yeah, well narcissist but also to like as a front eventually, it's clear that he's like recording himself. Like see I have record this is what was really going on. What do you mean? I have a recording and this is where I was in this is what I was doing obviously, right which is a recording said to me makes it more ironic that like his undoing is recorded too because this podcast is like a part of it. Yeah, so and they I don't I don't know that they were there. I just know that they had a bunch of video recording tapes or whatever recording Clips. Yes. So they're recording this entire conversation with them. You can hear them walk into his trailer. You can hear the screen door shut. You can hear his wife coughing in the background say wife, by the way. I was gonna ask ya so They get there and they don't tell them what their their floor necessarily they just say, we we I don't think I don't think they say that they got DNA off of her at first off of Kelly's from the sweetheart murders. Now that they have the DNA and they've done the DNA testing. I don't think that they tell him that but at first it's like super laid back conversation like it's just some dudes Askin ya this you're just one of the people that was there that we know was there and you knew that. Good house very well. So we just want to get information from you and it's very casual and they kind of asked what he knows about the night and the day and or that day and all the people and he's like they are asking about the couple and multiple times. They say did you know them and he's like fursuit like now I had no idea who they were and they were just there. Everyone was like ready. Yeah, and by the end of the conversation he kind of acknowledges that he might remember them, but he doesn't really Ali have anything else to say about it and it's at this point of the conversation that the main investigator tells him basically. Well as it turns out we recently found DNA tied to the case and we're trying to eliminate every single person that could have been there that night. Can we please get your DNA and that's when he's basically like he gets quiet and he's like I don't know about that. I don't think I don't know how I feel about that kind of and you like says it and then in an even quieter voice you can hear his wife say well if you're not guilty just give it to them and that way that she says it it's like years and years of being with this crazy person and knowing it in that one little statement. You can hardly hear in the back. Yeah, but just the way she says it it's like almost accusatory. Yeah, like well well upscale it's almost like she was waiting for this moment to yeah for the ball to drop and she's like I fucking know yes and she stays quiet and she doesn't get she just she's just like well if you're not guilty just give them your DNA and he's like oh no no and thankfully that's in the police tell who well we came here today with a warrant because we just in case you said no we still need to get your DNA and the entire time there's been like a lab technician out in the car waiting to get his DNA so I love how dramatic I know it's so and I it happened so early on the podcast that I didn't even understand how important this was yeah and so then afterwards when they go into it a little bit more I'm like oh my gosh they did that so good and then so they bring in and just as the police I believe they're just so good at just being dramatic I love it they get his DNA that day yeah I'll say that much so negative DNA well three weeks later April gets a call from the Investigator on the sweetheart murders that her father's DNA was a match and that the semen sample found on Kelly's close all those years ago. We refer it from Edwards. Yes fault like mean about awful but yes, but my God, they found that who okay. So there's two there's still on July 31st. 2009 Edwards was arrested and this is on the murder charge in Louisville, Kentucky. Ever we're not done. So well at Edwards was in custody. He realizes that Wisconsin and now I might have this a little bit backwards. So I'm going to say it how I believe it goes. He realizes this that Wisconsin doesn't have the death penalty for some crazy-ass reason. He decides he wants the death penalty. I don't know what it is. What I don't like some people just they're like, okay. Well, let's probably good for this place. I need to get out of here. So And also there's a part and I didn't mention this that when he was in Portland before he technically broke out of prison to but really what it was is he had a friend call in and say hey, can I go out front and can ED come out front and like talk to me about something if you like picked him up and drove away. Like there's so many random at what ales and that's when he was younger. So I truly think he was just always trying to get out of jail. Yeah, and I think he hated being in jail. And so He wanted the death penalty. Now that you knew that he was going to be in jail for murder. So he writes a letter to Ohio and says I have some information that you're really going to want to hear and it's about potentially another murder or so. He implies. I don't know if he says it in the yeah, but he's like come up here. We'll have a little chat so they do and when Ohio police come there's a recording of this as well, which there's so many recordings of it. It's great and awful. You're like, let me hear it all. Yeah, so God oh I heard it all and then I heard too much and I was like, it was a whole I'll get into that one after this that but okay. So here they come he's in he is in jail and they come and they're like, what do you want to tell us and he's kind of bullshit and M2. It takes them like an hour of talking to him for his family like There's these people named Billy Lavo and Judy Straub and they were murdered in Ohio in 1977. And maybe I'm the one who did it. Just maybe probably I am but I think it was me. Yeah, but for sure it was me and in this interview, he tells the police the motive that he had is that he'd witnessed Billy on a few separate occasions. Billy was like kind of another one of the friends that was involved with the family over at the house a And he says the reason that he murdered them was because he had witnessed Billy on a few separate occasions inappropriately touching his young daughter. Oh in the podcast the clearing this part like it pauses. It says he's saying I had seen him touch my daughter inappropriately and then it like you hear a clip break and then you here April start talking and it's a whole different recording and she said I had no idea my dad knew about that. So my God, it wasn't a lie. It wasn't. And so then he goes on to explain the situation at one time. They were home and there was like kind of a party situation and Billy had taken her upstairs and he was like, what are they doing out there and he called out for her and then he like goes up and as he goes up he can kind of see it but then like He makes himself known and they look like act like nothing was wrong and she basically says that she didn't tell anybody because she was ashamed what a beauty she was like embarrassed. Her dad was already crazy as it was she was not trying to when the police asked him more about these murders and more for like an in-depth motive and specific details he says that he'd finally made up his mind and that he was that he was going to kill Billy that night or just eventually because of what was going on and followed it Billy and his girlfriend out to a makeout Point yeah I feel like this is the third episode we've done where somebody follows a couple that's like a like know couples are safe yeah yeah especially in the seventies so follows them out to their like I think it's like behind to just add insult to injury it's like behind a cemetery Lord okay there's like a pond they Park it's like Lovers Point they make up K billion his girlfriend there are their billy gets out to go pee and he's like he's like sneaking around in the bushes behind Ed is like sneak around the bushes with a gun and he he he Telling the story says I think he knew I was there and I could hear like start to get like nervous zips up his pants tries to walk really quick. And that's when he shot Billy and essentially he says that he shot the girlfriend Kelly because she would have been a witness. Yeah, and I don't know if they were both in the car. I think Kelly wasn't shot in the car. And so I don't know but like upset about Kelly but like yeah Kelly he says on three different occasions Kelly was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I like oh my You should have just got that dude alone. You could have found him at the right time. Also, you could have told the police also not upset that that guy right but but okay. Yeah also like I don't remember I let other people take care of that kind of stuff. That's just who I am. And so when they were like why didn't you just go to the police? His response was I don't work like normal people do so. I mean obviously I've yeah, so yeah, so he says that I'm like well duh like but I do agree that not necessarily super sad. Billy's Death Super I don't know I just personal opinion. But anyways, can you yeah, his girlfriend died and she was like, yeah, that's terrible - that's awesome. That's my uncle and also if that was the real me, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so okay, but his daughter did confirm later that that was happen did happen a few times. She never told anybody somehow her daddy. Just craving. Okay, so he confesses to that he thinks okay. Well for sure, that'll get me out. Out of or get me back to Ohio. That's where I want to die. For some reason. I think that's just where his family was. No, I don't know. I don't know. He just wants to die there and that's when is this lawyer steps in and it's this lawyers like Ben is lawyer for a ton of years now because he's been through so I'm pretty sure Ed and his lawyer have talked over the years about all the stuff he's done or most of it, but Ed's been like Not forthcoming. I think he's also kind of lied to his lawyer. But his lawyer obviously works from the criminal justice system and like sees through a lot of he's like, I know what you're doing and he knows how to talk to Ed like when he steps in there's an interview of them or like he meets him in the jail. They sound like two old friends and you can tell that his lawyer comes back and it was like not with Ed and his like I'm this way because I need to be that's what Ed needs me to get and that's what I am and they're really good at like bullshit and with each other so Very trummer chummy summer. They're very chummy. They kind of almost bicker like co-workers or something like yeah, you just dudes. So Ed lawyer comes to him in his like so I know you confess to the murders of Billy and his girlfriend to get you out of Ohio. However, what you didn't know is I Ohio won't give you the death penalty for those crimes. So like you shot yourself in the foot, but also thanks for telling about the yeah, but you should have it was Larry basically goes on to explain that out. He's like it's like outside of the statute of limitations or something. There's something about it that specific crime that won't get in the death penalty and interest the law is freaking weird, but that's kind of when his lawyer reveals that he's kind of always had a sneaking suspicion about something else and Ed's life. He's like, what are you come forward about? So that's exactly what he does. He says I know that you're some way connected to Danny boy and his death. If you would come clean about killing Danny Boy for the insurance fraud. Skiing that you had maybe they'll give you the death penalty and like that's being recorded to and it's so awkward. There's like like you can tell he's like bullshit. He's like slowly getting it out and you like telling him I think that you had a connection to Danny Boy and I know it was an insurance fraud scheme and that's what I'm talking about when I said he was trying to adopt him. I know that's why he was your motive all those years ago. Yes, but instead he got his last name and that's essentially eventually they to explain that's why he made him go AWOL he talked him into going AWOL and then there's after Danny boy goes missing there's some recorded phone calls that had just happened to record a Danny's saying I broke into your house I broke into the house and I stole some stuff I know you had my brother stuff there I broke in and I stole some money and then nobody can get ahold of him after that and that's it so I said tell he's like if you confess to that one they'll give you the death penalty I know I can get you the death penalty if you can confess to it and from there it kind of becomes this back-and-forth game of Ed and his lawyer and it's like all these there's all these recordings of these phone calls going back and forth and Ed saying well they told me the first confession would give me the death penalty that didn't work so I'm not confessing to this one because that just put me now I just have two more deaths that everyone yeah and he's like no way telling anything until randomly one day after all these I think it had just gone dead for so long and his lawyer was like fine you want to talk about it don't talk about it cool yeah and Ed ask his lawyer if they if they have the body of Danny Edwards and his lawyers like yeah we have the body and Ed is like yeah but you don't have the head do you and he's like yeah we have the head and he's like no you don't and if you can get me the death penalty I'll tell you where the head is he's like well with that statement I can get you the death penalty so is that and yeah so then for their like even more back and forth he won't tell him where the head is the reason that this is is because whenever he killed Danny people weren't finding his body fast enough for him to get the insurance money so he started spreading the body parts around oh my God and so he hid the head like this guy's like I can't I'm and he's like can you find him quicker it's so dark as a norm here's an arm Jesus it's so dark so With that confession he gets Edwards transferred back to Columbus, Ohio and he's sentenced to the death penalty by lethal injection before his death. He picked out lobster dinner, which anytime anyone wanted to come talk to him or something or they wanted something from him. He was always like okay, but bring me lobster dinner. So I'm sure that's why he would get people like, oh you want to hear a great story about someone I killed bring me lobster dinner and I'll tell you about it. Okay. Well so he picks out his lobster dinner. And his injection date is August 31st 2011. But what with what I would like to call a hilarious form of irony Ed Edwards died of natural causes on August 7 2011. Yeah out of here right before while awaiting lethal injection. And that's literally all I wrote here. However, I am telling you. There's another killer that's talked about that's from Portland. There's there's a A couple that is that dine and I'm going to I'm I wish I would have wrote this down. But of course I listen to this after I've already written all of this. There's a couple that died and there's somebody of pretty famous killer here in the Portland area who killed a couple and they're fairly certain there was there's evidence of Ed being in the town being in Portland and came home that night with a gunshot wound. Also, he would call the police all the time and tell them somebody one shot shot his house on like three different occasions. He had one gunshot through his house and called the police weird and he would say all the time. He said eventually in some interviews. He said well it was because I was telling people I was in the FBI and I was in the CIA and so I need I had to have like proof of that. So I put like a gunshot in my house and the oh my gosh, I'm gonna call the police and get the feds here to like up. Hold his fake piss break stories. It's big story God. So he claims that The Gunshot that he has in him the night of that couple in Portland being killed. He claims that it nope. I wasn't there have nothing to do with it. But I had my wife shoot me that night too. And as I don't know that his wife ever said yes or my own like what did she know behind all of us? I would love to hear her side of all. These other stories. I don't know that there is I don't I have not quite yet finished the podcast I still have two episodes to go. So there's a chance that I'm going to get there. But this is just guys just wild because they've they think that he's he was a couple killer so they the Zodiac was a couple's killer. Yeah, they actually can put him in a lot of places as the Zodiac. He also with all those recordings that he'd had. He was using numbers and like letters. kind of like code a house with coding it the way that the similar to the Zodiac but they also think that if he wasn't the Zodiac when he was in jail one of those times he was he met the Zodiac and the Zodiac and he talks about that in one of his books like this guy is the most interesting but I hated him like there's so much to this and there's also another guy who super obsessed with him who is like an old cop who got so into the Ed Edwards Heat had he tried to tied him to the JonBenet Ramsey case oh um zodiac like three other ones like almost every unsolved or Laci Peterson why what and if he liked this is how he's connected what's crazy is I feel bad for this this cop because the cop Blake believes it so much the cop quit his job to continue doing like getting super into Edwards like I don't know how I've gone my whole life without realizing that who had I mean I'd listen to I knew that podcast that the my favorite murder did it's like they're a hundredth episode or something. So so long ago that I just out of my brain and it was a lot of episode so, you know, I feel like when you listen to the live episode, you're like, this is mostly entertainment. Yeah. Yeah, it's not I remember though that that potato chip apart though where the he gets stabbed his wife Jennifer bag of potato chips Insanity all of its insanity. This guy's crazy. There's way other store there was tons of other stories that there are like him. I'm having sex with some wife's where the dudes in bed with them. Like it's out of control. This guy lived a life and I totally believe there's more people that he killed but he did he was pretty dang adamant about not killing kids though. Like there's a few Child Murders that they've tried to tie him to and he was always he told his daughter multiple occasions. I dont kill kids didn't kill kids wouldn't kill kids. Yeah. I think there's a lot of adults out there that died because of him though. So that's why they're at least he didn't kill kids. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yep. So there's that. That's my story if you yeah, that's the only sound I can think about that like, oh, it's crazy. Please listen to the clearing they did it. So, well, I know that there's a few other they have like there's like a YouTube has like a little episode of some guy who's super into it to and apparently does a really well and then there's like a Cold Case file that I haven't watched yet, but I was said I was a lot right now. Watch it now because I'm really into it. However, if you are still with us and you're at the beginning where you skipped everything and you miss the part where I said do us a favor go write and review us helps us. We love you. If you do it. If you want to hear better sounds of our voices you can donate money to the podcast. It will be helpful will get mu Mike's with all of our donations and on that not thanks for listening guys. Cry my eyes out.