Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your episode.Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you? You so it's been a hectic one Mike. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's just been kind of a weird transition period from like a really low part of our season 2 now. We're kind of going into spring where a lot of people are going to be getting their new wardrobes and it's kind of a mega the next two months for us is a mega month for sure and that's how we refer to it and it will probably see a little bit more traffic and all that kind of get things bustling. I know we've been Into obviously with like we have a lot of students working for us. So they're going to be leaving for the summer if they like don't stay here. So we're going to need to find some more people to have on staff for that. So that's going to be exciting for me. It's you hiring all these new peeps. Yeah lots to do right on right on right on what about you? Oh, you know just the same old. You know now that it's a March kind of have this, you know, we got a we got to kind of kick it into gear a little bit. I like I burp so we brought up, you know starting to eat. And focus on little bit more healthier notes of you know different lifestyle and we were both very on board with that. So like I don't know if anybody wants to join us on that Journey that would be you know, give us some recipes, you know, give us your grocery list like help us help us help you you know, for sure. Yeah. I think I'm post-holiday. I think for our routine cut got cut off track and I think it'll be exciting now with the spring season to kind of do a spring cleaning of our diet and our bodies and it's going to be really exciting. Yeah, and I'm ready for it. And the more that we talked about it the easier, I thought you know, it's literally as simple as having a ch2 having a grocery list of quite healthy items rather than of a mix of everything that we like healthy and not healthy just focusing on the healthy grocery so that we're not looking even thinking about the other ones. Yeah, and then, you know, limiting our drinking and take so like I'm doing myself and doing a maximum 3 maxim of the berry Max three days a week three nights a week, but I want to keep it at two. Yeah, I'm just thinking like if there's ever anything that comes the picture it'll be like maybe two and then a light drinking day. So like the podcast doesn't count because we have one beer kind of thing. Yeah, so if we record an episode so that'll be kind of where I'm at. And I think that'll help me get down from where I was before but well think especially for you you get a three day or I guess two and a night weekend. Whereas I'm kind of old all over the place. So yeah, I think it'll be good to kind of encourage both of us to kind of get into it. Rain, and then I know like for you've got a lot more down time with like friends and stuff over the weekend if I'm working. So I think that'll be nice. Yeah. No, it'll be good. So that's kind of just like the plan that we have so far and more details to come and unfortunately, this is a second last episode of the Season it is you know, why it's sad. It's sad, but I'm excited for what's going to come next man. Everybody says the same thing. Yeah after we posted actually said that we were going to do a season one. One and then stop for a week. No episode and then come back there were like that's a good idea because you guys are still new like you guys aren't going super far into season one, but you guys didn't have like three episodes and then stopped like you're still on track. It's just like a little bit of a break. Yeah start the entire, you know this entire podcast. Absolutely and I think even our guest this week was like super excited about the idea. Yeah of it. So, yeah, so I've got a lot more ideas and games and fun stuff to come for season 2. I really want to bring them all out season 2 And then recycle through them. Yeah the popular ones but some of them sound fun so far and hopefully at least call you names more. I want to do some q and A's I think that's the biggest thing from you guys. I'm listening like if you want to write them all down but like, you know DMS or send us a Word document of just rapid fire questions. Like we just want to answer and talk about yeah, like anything that you guys love hearing like our outlooks and like feedback on stuff. Ask us questions. Ask our opinions on things like we want to know because Sometimes we don't think to bring this kind of stuff up and if you know throughout our conversations, you've been kind of like wondering what do they think about this? Well want to go ahead and ask us and maybe we'll love cover them. Ya know exactly what Ryan said, it's it's as easy as just answering some questions. So don't hesitate to ask us but then I mean furthermore what else has been going on. Well, I know we've been trying to catch up on as all of you guys know one of our favorite shows now The Masked Singer The Masked Singer. Been really kind of slow on that one. But recently Ash like a couple about a week and a half ago. We caught back up to I think episode 4, so I think right episode 4, so no update episode. So we had the first two after the Super Bowl. I watched another we watched two more. So we've had for get celebrities being revealed. Yeah, right and for anybody who has watched this show we're going to spoil a little before you may be here boiler alert to not get mad at us we have We're being very cautious here. So if you haven't watched episode 1 through 4 go either skipped a couple minutes or listen up if you really don't care so episode 1 they have but they revealed Lil Wayne. That was the biggest shock. I was episode 1 buddy. Are you sure that was episode 1 he got em right away. I remember like that reveal coming up and I'm like damn. Yeah. I was kind of like a little bit upset once I heard him out. There was like, yeah, that's definitely him. Yeah. Well join a new like right away. He took him a little while, but once you know, it's him. Worst part about this show is once you know, it's them you can't you can't hear any parent or if you like if it's I know for me like there's one of them on there. He hasn't been revealed yet is the turtle. I am convinced. It is Jesse McCartney. Yes, and you keep a depending on the song you keep going on. I don't know. I'm like think about a babe. He is old now, he's not going to sound like really eautiful soul, but you're still going to hear all like oh that's beautiful. So that are coming out of his voice, which is that when you're a talented singer like that no matter how old or young you are. Are you always have these little like, you know parts of your voice that are very distant don't change. So that's why I'm convinced and now I can't even try and predict anybody else. I'm hoping that he gets out kind of sooner. But and then I'm also convinced that the white tiger is Cronkite Gronkowski house key. It's Gotta Be You guys are all convinced on but this last week he didn't sound like wrong people but like the he definitely can't sing because he's doing like white guy rap songs like he's trying he's just doing like these Really one-off rap songs. It's really interesting. What are you it was there anybody else in mind? No, just going to say I don't know if there's we okay guys. Okay, so we go. I don't know if we mentioned this already but we go kind of hard on the clues and everything but here we have a notebook. So we record all the clues all our predictions even like suggestions from the judges if we think it could be possible. Yeah in a little notebook. Yep. We keep them all the notes because before every of the He's for a for all their performances. They have a little clue package so stuff that is related to them. Whether it's subtle or very obvious typically not obvious. Obviously they you know to help you get guess who the celebrity is under the mask. So, I mean there's a lot of you know good hints and there's a lot of like really off hints. But if you know the celebrity like front and back I love you Santa really easy because when we watch the, you know season one and season two, we guess some of the Libraries based on one their voice but then to we were like, you know, that makes sense if it's that celebrity because this who yeah, I know some of the other ones that kind of caught me off guard that I was really impressed with and it's always fun to is when the celebrity you think you like gets unveiled new like all but like I know stuff about them, but then it gets explained. Sometimes they they present it in a different way in the clue package. So you don't pick up on what it actually means. Yeah, like there was a bunch of stuff because again spoiler alert, but Drew Carey was on this past season and when his like they would do like little explanations of what the clue packages like were meaning and different in different Clues and I was like, oh gosh like those makes sense. Now that it's explained to me. It was really funny because I think one of them was like it was a very big clue about Seattle and and Ken drawing is a guest on the show and he knows Liberties like inside and out. He's he's you know, he knows his information. He's a very smart guy. But so then he was he didn't guess true carry, but as soon as Drew Carey got revealed he was like what the Like Seattle was a big clue in the package. I like thought you lived in Ohio because they were all guessing people that live in Seattle because I do live in Ohio. I have a radio show in Seattle or I did a Radio Show in Seattle and he was like, I was there a lot a lot a lot and I got there it is. Yeah, so there's no one that blew me away. I knew it was a legendary singer because you can always tell when these ladies are on alert play it but spoiler. I was like Chaka Khan because cake huh, and I was like, where do they ask these people to come? Come on to the show. Like it kills me. They've had what Patti LaBelle in previous Seasons. They've had Patti LaBelle. They've had I can't even think of them anymore. They had seal. Yeah, but I'm talking like oh shit all these big labelled. They had Gladys Knight Riders night, we build it. Yeah, I think she's been my favorite out of all of them. Yeah. They've had some really like big-time name people and some very very talented. Ted yeah, I'm known voices. Yeah, which it takes people a while to pick up and something you mentioned too that these are people that have really well-known and like legendary but you just don't hear about them that often are not in the spotlight which is why little Wayne being on the show was a shock to me because my whole like hypothesis was like it's people who are not quite in the spotlight right now. Yeah, but he's not but he just put out an album which is why I'm saying it's like it's people who haven't done a lot along in a little while and they're not the spotlight because of it. But they want to bring themselves back into the spotlight like Lil Wayne. He's still he's known but he's near babies. Maybe that was he there to promote his album to they're like, oh what a Lil Wayne up to sure. I mean and it's tough because people like I mean like we've got some big celebrities who are just so you know, Lady Gaga like Roy out Rihanna. I'm like, they're never going to be in the show. Those names are too big. They're already popping out too much stuff. Like it's like they're not gonna ever be on the show maybe later. Yeah. I really have obstructed. You're more likely to be a guest judge Lady Gaga on behind a mask and let her sing. I'm gonna guess a know who it is gonna guess it. Yeah, so I think they want to try and avoid that too. Is anybody who like? Yes, you may be able to recognize her voice but they're not like signature voices, right? So yeah. Anywho you should wrap this up the met at the massacre is a wonderful show of you guys haven't watched. We just spoiled three episodes for you. That's fine continue watching because that was before was a shock to me as well. It was it was one so, Continue watching and can thank you guys again for listening. Yeah. We hope you guys enjoy this wonderful guest we have on today the big old moose. Oh, oh. Abby hey episode 9 second to last episode of season one last episode season one. We have what just a great guests today. Are you sure handsome handsome? So just you know listening at home, there's just the dreamiest looks being exchanged across the room right now in front of me and if if sounds like he's an attractive specimen he is quite The attractive specimen the opposite though. It's a lot of role of going on right now. How's it going? My guy? Good to see you good to see you my friend. Thank you for making the trip out here. I had to hike in all the way from Peterborough for us Southerners and Ontario here. Peter was a hike what was that? Three hours NOS about two and a half away traffic through Toronto. So I knew you extra 20 as soon as you said like traffic it you I looked at the time I was like, yeah, that's exactly when the traffic stop. Yeah. We should have thought about that. What a my thing when I put in the address. It was like it took me on the 407 and the 407 now stretches out to the 115. So if you hit on a sec wonderful in the 407 told ya exactly, oh you didn't have the holes. I didn't I didn't take the 407. Okay, but if I took the 407 would have been like 40 bucks, right? So I neglected it. Right and finally, I'm approaching like I don't know. We're just past the airport, right? Yeah, you gotta get in the 407 again like Mississauga. I just bit the bullet. Yeah. It's like 10. Yeah. No, it's all yeah, it's crazy how He how like it works for anybody when you have to get on it some a lot of a lot of places like like work people who work in Toronto actually can take the four seven because their company pays for that. Yeah that whatever they have to pay for them every month, but it's like for people who like don't I feel bad for everybody goes to Toronto Jeff ro3. It's brutal and on top of that the 407. I know if you knew this the 407 zoned not even by Canada soft voice Switzerland. No, it's a little owns the 407 fact check me right now. That's How weird is that? Welcome, I'm okay. I just want to know since like how does that how this came about? It's quite the deal. So wait everything think it was so all the more money the 407 gets all the tolls and stuff goes to Switzerland. I don't know the details, but I know it is own but I'm sure that's how it works. Yeah, that's crazy man. I know I like that or get it. Fuck the Switz they make good army knives and that's a bad beautiful. And yeah, what are you then? Anyways again, thank you for coming down. So obviously guys we're drinking here. We got some ipas. We got some sours who have some good drinks. We're gonna go drinking tonight. Obviously, I don't know baby party party party. We haven't we haven't actually party drankin while it's been a minute. That's been a minute was the last time it was that you place in my place or 20 right last year. That's what I met you that was the first I was wondering It wasn't that long ago since I met you. Yeah, that was May last year would have been right for 20 April. Is it April 20th? Yeah. Yeah. So working month is April for 20 April 28. April Tony is yeah. Yeah, that's crazy. We still have the we saw of the weed gummies that Bucky gave us. It's huge to what it's huge. Like it's like a lucky but yeah, hold on those like packets where I literally was shaped in like a weed plant. He literally yeah. He member you remember him. He brought like three and then he was like kiwi but suck because they were big you're listening to this. I just poked send it to him be like a big shadow. Working with them for two days. Hey next time you see Zach Buchwald ask him how my two days with him went. He'll tell you a whole lot about nothing. There was a lot of complaining no work being done. Really? Oh, yeah, I complained about everything. I just love to see you with my dad on a roof. Oh man, probably not. No, bro, you guys like you be me you be like nah, I ain't taking off shit goes down to tell you my dad used to do Roofing. No. Yeah, that's crazy. I should talk to him guys everybody who's done Roofing hates it yeah. Like that's why it's one of them not one of the hardest. I probably just recommend keep that in your hand. Every time you reach this far but no Roofing is one of the like hardest jobs to find employees for because my dad owns his business. Yeah, and because especially in the area he's out. He just fucking get spot had to just need a quick Buck. Well, I work for a week. They work for a week may disappear about almost almost a grand because it's like it's a good job for money. Yeah, but it's hard labor and then they did the dip. It's a really tough job for for find employees. But yeah, so if If you want the money and you can do the work near Roofing but it's not it's not even as easy as a lot of other that bag of the mics either way. So for everybody who doesn't know we've mentioned Zack we mentioned Musa couple times here on the on the episode the podcast. Yeah close friend of mine. We met in high school been my close friend ever since we don't see each other too often, but you know, we like we always keep In touch and we always get right back to basics when we when we see each other, you know, don't take long. No, not at all. What'swhat's like one year. Like how would you describe the relationship that you and I have you and I have yeah, it's a whole lot of sarcasm right all the time. Mmm, but we have a lot of good informative like conversation. Yeah, you know, I think I when I came here today the first thing we did it DOC covid into like a heavy subject right and and it's that's that's why I love No, yeah relationship just because I there's someone there that I could talk to who genuinely cares about what I will my interest is and and isn't afraid to have an opinion on it for sure. A lot of people are you know that that's a tough line, right? Yeah. Well because against you it's a whole other level of responsibility giving advice to somebody but if you're invested enough if you trust the other person too because like you wouldn't be asking him if he didn't being able to kind of like understand each other on a certain level and have that kind of conversation. That's super important to have. Yeah. I noticed that from the start. Art, you were kind of always you like to hear my advice whether you took it or not. You always just like to have my opinion because you've got brothers older brothers. You've got like family. Yeah, and so you can get the opinion from a lot of people but look you've always looked at mine as sort of an outsider's perspective for sure because I'm just I'm an unbiased, you know set of state of mind, but I'm that's awesome. I'm really glad and I'm really glad we talked about stuff like that, but that's exactly it always always start cause I'm always always always a good bottle laughs man a lot of laughs and a fun time, so, And the to not you know subject Tyrell, but like you met Ride For the First Time back in April 20 19. Yeah. What was your first opinion of Riot? No, no, she was competitive. We were playing beer pong all my God. She's in the zone. Listen. Now that was a pretty crazy night aren't really there was a lot going on and they will house so we didn't really get to know each other. No, I think tonight will be the night that I don't think they ought to have more conversation, but you know, what like I noticed and I said this to a couple other people you two are very lucky. Like minded and yeah, we did seem like you jailed pretty well. Yeah, that was like one of the I think the best things after, you know bringing her to that event with you meeting Sid for the first time. Yeah, that's right for me. And then also for Ryan has are you know heard meeting everybody else in that group of nut jobs like no no hate that he of of everyone's great close close friends and like they all fell in love with her and it was like live with just like absolutely loved her. Yo when I loved her Really good, and she's and she's really great people Keegan loved her. Like it's just it was like a really nice and that's the thing too is like going into something that he prefaced it like these were might like people like that sounds more like high school and I was like, they were by OK like this but like, you know, it's people that you've known for a long time. I think between meeting you guys and then meeting like Rachel and all them. Yeah virtue of like my most yeah exactly. But like two of the most that you like the situations that I was most like nervous for causes like these guys don't like me, you know, this is gonna sound suck because they're people who were like a big part of your life. So just to like have two groups of people that had me like feel so welcomed was insane to can again to it's a HomeTown. Oh, yeah my group of friends. Yeah. So like I'm completely walking into a situation that I have like no idea of especially like in the footsteps you been he was around have you have you been in that situation with SIDS friends? Like when I'm meeting her friends like for all night, like any of her old high school? Friends old like just all the hometown friends you've been in that scenario. I'm so yeah kind of worked out a little bit differently because I so Mitch my good friend Shadow Mitch Elisabeth Mitch. He was my roommate and first year. He was kind of the one who introduced me to two Sid and SIDS friends and Mitchell friends. So I kind of got to know all of them first. Okay, cool them not that's what I'm right and okay that kind of included since friends for sure. Sure. Yeah. Yeah because it was more of a one-on-one with all that because I have some friends here but not my hometown friends, right? So is we met she met all them? Yeah got to know them really well and then she met everybody else. Yeah, and like I said your group of friends are / front to should say, you know you write like Chef Jeff Keegan Tans to Ali Thorn like all the fucking boys all the boys and the women that they have like they I wouldn't their group of friends that like, obviously I'm included in but I'm not in the group. Friends, if you know what I mean? Yeah, it's a mutual like yeah, it's all friends close. Like we are they don't call me a close friend. I call him close friend, but when it came to the actual you guys are your all of you guys are younger than me. So you guys were the group in high school like you have that click and I knew I was dating Atlanta so you and like Lana was in their grade. So at that time, I just kind of became friends with you and then Wade and then Tans and then all the time. I think that was the most intimidating part for me to coming in on this. I'm like, oh shit like great. Yeah. My new girlfriend, but then also Lana wasn't even a part of that group be there was kind of she just knew them because in the same grade and same classes in high school and then you know, and then they'll going into a small-town Highschool like myself I can see how even that's like still a step like, you know, these people you go to school with them every day, right? So for sure. Yeah, so I got close to you guys. But I mean, you know, I don't get invited to every little thing and I don't care. It's just how it goes. You guys are always so close, but the the big things I'm always usually therefore waiting. I still chat all that time. Yeah. It's good stuff, but we met in high school. Yeah, but grave a real career you fuck. I was gonna I was gonna segue. Was it through Atlanta that I met you. I don't think so because I thought man, I don't know because didn't wear you like a fan of Me. No, like I'm dead. I'm dead ass cuz somebody felt like I did YouTube in high school great 1011 you like this was I think you love with you was somebody else. I think you're right. There was no there was so great when I was in grade 10 and 11. I did you too Bandit. Most people know that yeah, but like I think so when you're a grade nine ten you ran into me so I don't know how we got connected. I think it must have been to Atlanta because I don't see any but I wasn't dating her at that time. That's why I was confused. Like I was started dating a grade 11, I think 12. I started hearing great 12, right? So it made sense. I got to Memories. Okay about when we started like Is talking sounds like we're dating probably we're just right as all of the ways. No, I remember, you know the lockers up by the library at Waterford. That's when I remember that's that's the spot. I remember here we go. Here we go. Ladies. I'm just reminiscing. I sorry about that guys. So that was the spot. When I remember when I think of when we first met that was a spot, but the I remember someone telling me that you did YouTube Yeah. Someone told me was tense. As you noted bent as you want to know you want to know my memory of you because there's I have one kind of memory of you and so for everybody who does know this either use Zach here did did YouTube as well? So this the memory that I have of Zack and and we've been friends for now about five six years got to be maybe a little longer just the erection that I don't remember the math. I can't do it right now, but we haven't like argued we don't get into fights. You don't argue. We don't you know, yeah, but heads it's crazy. But there was one time that we did and it was like right the beginning of our friendship. Yeah. Sure. We're in chemistry class number this chemistry class teachers out of the classroom and our friend braided and I thought it would be a great idea to put up his YouTube videos on the classroom projector. You front of the whole front end. We both knew that he would be okay with that and we did anyways, no so here and you got pissed like just a preface. Here's little insecure great tens. Zach right. I'm home sick or something like that next thing. You know, I'm getting a Snapchat from like way toward and like there's my face. I'm doing my room tour or something like that. It's like and I'm like full-on lost you are doing know what you lost it for our like we were like I'd be hey, it was learned that no one really was even watching now and Roundtree I come in I come in the next day around here. Hey, I just saw your room. I'm like, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah working on it dude, but like at that point, I think the reason why I think I was you know, okay with doing that thing was because I know most everybody in the school had watch my videos. A lot of people had seen it on YouTube and I was like, it's not that bad. Like it's it's kind of embarrassing but it's not the end of the world right? That makes sense. It will it's weird because You put it up there for the general public but you don't expect anyone that you know to watch it. Yeah, right. And then when that does happen, it's embarrassing because you know, you're a nerd gaming whatever for sure. But once you cross that bridge once you cross that bridge, you're pretty okay. Yeah, so funny how it works out that way like you don't mind like billions of people across the world happening across the internet, but God forbid people that you know and see every day like have seen it. It's like dirty little secret that they saw. Lyrics like oh God. No like yeah, I don't and that was like, I think those are the only memories that I have of us first getting connected in high school. It's kind of funny. But like after that it was kind of just chill like, you know, I did my YouTube you did we gamed all the time. Yeah. We like that's kind of it a lot and like you just got fucking tall and ripped and so then you kind of just did he did not Hilary did it was very sick, but he didn't got today is that he also but he also has a little bit and also Dated like nobody in high school. No, I'd like you're at it. Like one of the most lumpers continued continued to be told like how attractive you are behind your back and shit and you just never went for anybody and nobody really what for you either apparently so we're like well, yeah because you never do something about it, but it's all the stuff that I didn't get anything or Mounds. Yeah, go for it. Right. Alright, Ryan. Let's talk. Let's talk. Let's try another IPA the fridge for you. Now we do that we'll do that later. We already did that like weekly in chronological order. This is really as a recording this we haven't done it. But when you hear it next week, we will do it already had the intro world. Yeah. It's so exact scrap gold another drink. Sorry everybody for the incompetent guess that we have this week. I hope everybody is enjoying obviously our guests and the conversation that Ryan and I If we try to choose some, you know relatable conversations about the easiest I would say, you know, what I actually have a question wouldn't Zach sits down for the both of you for sure is all that head. Oh boy. Oh boy. Both of them the beers head and the man's head. Yeah. All right, but you know I and you know, what's really funny is, you know, considering I grew up in the city. I ended up, you know going to high school in a small town, you know, I'm in the middle of nowhere up north, right and you guys Guys were in the country as well. Did you find that and against you guys grew up there? Whereas like I kind of saw a difference. Do you find that now later on in life? You had what like if there was any big benefits of going to school and like a smaller town area HUD percent, you know, I like I hear it now with you know, how high schools are in schools are these days and it's totally different in the generations. But like I know for a fact one thing our When I was in high school, like our class sizes were quite large, but like I never really noticed it but we had we went to there's a multiple high schools in our region, but we went to the smallest one. So there's about 400 students. We were there 500 students very small like all all together together almost great Grade 9 to 12 characters / 13, and there was not a lot of teachers to fend for us. Also we had big classrooms and stuff. But you know didn't have the most up-to-date modern facilities. We didn't have this. Up-to-date blockers like I've up I could show you a picture of a locker door. That's the task waited outside like the tech Wing exactly. He deaf people listening who had to Waterford High School the tech Wing. Yeah. How about the tech Wing fuck so he gotta shake shake the in their head. Fuck. Yeah. I don't think they did like updates to my school until like shortly before and like after I had left otherwise it was like all that like outdated would bordering like the cases displaying stuff from the classes, you know. Although like paint was out of date. It was older chairs. And you know, it was like a decently sized school. There was two of them in there was like a French immersion one that had actually like grades eight and up and then there was the you know ours was the public high school, right? So and sorry didn't ya what high school did you go to Elliot Lake Secondary and that's way up North somewhere. Yeah. So I'm do you know where sabri's yeah, you are sooo st. Maria's. Yeah. We're like right in the middle. So if you go to a hit Sudbury and then the zoo. Zoom between yeah, believe it. Have you been up that far before? No. I haven't. My sister oldest sister went to Laurentian in Sudbury. Okay, I never went to Sudbury, but I just I so I know where it is. Yeah. Yeah, that's a hike. Yeah, it's yeah, it's from like here it's about seven and a half to eight hours depending on how fast you drive and how much traffic you hit and how many times you stop not the yeah, her mom and her mom still lives up their alley like so like that. I think that's you have not your nana lives up there. Yeah my My nanny lives up there as well with her boyfriend Ken. Yeah, basically like a grunts. Oh, yeah me a little of your mom's side of the family up there. But otherwise most of them are close to this ish area. Yeah Brampton few of them and then, you know her family here, but she lived in Mississauga for a bit and then Elliot Lake my group of Mississauga the moved. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like it's kind of it's interesting because like Elliot Lake is like super super far and there's it's like a very much much smaller than yeah. My he never liked dollar dot people. We never went over about five hundred kids in the four years. I was there and my graduating class had 68 people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah my so in comparison like my cousin Jamie that I went to went to Brock with she went to school in Brampton and she was like there was over 200 kids easy and I graduating class. She was like our ceremony was so long. She came to mind. She was like, that's the quickest. Yeah thing I've ever seen in my life your kids your graduating class. Yeah, that's it doesn't make sense to me so long Like overall, let's ask everybody this question. Yeah, what was the best part about high school for for you guys? Like I think it's like a two-pronged statement for me. It was the community and the passion of all the teachers that work there passionate teachers. Yeah Jose. I think they had the benefit of really being able to build that like one-on-one with each of their students because of like how small of a community school Community it was and the fact that was also a small town on top of that. That you know, you knew everybody you rate. It's not one of those situations where like in the city would like see your teacher outside of school and you're like, oh my God, you don't know how to school right now what? Yeah, but we would see them at the grocery store and I didn't care it extent but a handful of the teachers whether you like them or not. They like really cared. That's the most of the younger ones all say but like a lot of them really care and I'm a I'm a teacher's pet type. So I think I go. Yeah, so I've it but like for you even like a lot of the teachers like they Are you to and then it's like I said most of the young I can tell you to teachers right now that could care less about me even go for it. What about the m Kim Bedford really to? Oh, yeah, so, okay. I'm worried about Kim. All right Kim. I'm telling him calling him Kim. So I had a question in this is great ten academic bioscience. Whatever the topsoil is it a general science. He didn't teach General stats. He taught by. Oh usually I guess I was in by automatic is great - usually when you go could have been great 9 sure who knows sure but I had a question my hand was up. Yeah, bedford's teaching whatever he's teach literally has the text book in his hand reading out of the textbook not teaching anything that comes out of that nature vintage Kim right? Haven't questioned him Chuck's mom. I just put your hand down. No. No, I have a question. Yeah. No, just put your hand down. Okay. All right. Nice couldn't ask my question. You're gonna get the Man on Fire. Okay, just put it down. I don't give a shit. I don't give a fuck about your question put it down. So there's I don't care to learn and and there was a math teacher I had I don't really want to talk about it too much but I mean her her I figure there's a hand there's also a music teacher. There's only one away. There's only one and now I know exactly how teacher who was female and taught math because for our high school there was a basically one math teacher. Yeah. Mr. Windward, we all love the man great great guy. Love him as math teacher great talk grade. Nine ten right half right and then I think when you guys were in math, we had one more teacher who taught who also could teach math and she was our Music Teacher. It was like the she also could teach math. You know, she shouldn't have sex. She was not she was not lies in between actress not a math teacher. She was stuffing out of Matthew. Yeah. Basically she was on a math teacher. Yeah when we're taught academic math. Oh, yeah. So when we're top academic math this teacher taught applied. I think it was one of how it went. So yeah, so like we went into a parent-teacher interview just like you know how they had them frequently, right and and by the end of the interview my parents and I are talking and they're like, I don't like her like I know me neither like she doesn't really like she doesn't try to help me or do any of this that like I wasn't a big math guy, right? So God neither, she's not she's not I'm not going to put her on blast or anything, but she's not A student teacher teacher. She's a she's a group a class teacher, right? So because she's a music teacher everybody might some people who listening who went to school already knows who she is. Right, but she taught she was like the director and the musical she taught. She directed Banshee directed choir. She was a teach the entire unit as a whole. She's not a one-on-one. He's not a one-on-one teacher. So that was where I think he didn't have the person quality. Whereas like one-on-one. Let's chat which I think so. Interrupt, but I think especially in something like math where certain people might need that extra hand. Right? You need to be able to have somebody who can sit down one-on-one with you. I took like I guess to contradict you I loved her because I did musicals and stuff and I was all that stuff. So with when I got Hearst that side of her I really enjoyed it, but I could see exactly how to resent. Yeah where you're coming from on that end, but mind you I was a Class Clown like a full-on cut so she hydrat I like I don't have time for this little cutie. I was just gonna say she's probably have none of your shit. Shit, I could care less. Okay, so that was the teachers. I didn't couldn't care less now try the teachers that like really you had a thing like you just dont sleiman slamming really like I have his number we text we text I love bill hundred percent. This is crazy. So listen to this, so I was telling you to before the podcast started one of my dreams to go west. Yeah, right the snowboard. I really love snowboarding. The west coast is amazing. Just the vibe out there. It's Me so Bill slamming to give you a little backdrop is the construction teacher these like the carpentry guy. Okay Waterford, and that was what I excelled in I'm a cabinet maker right now. So that's that's my trade. And so I excelled in that so we hit it off through that right? Yeah. Like I always had really good grades in there and after being out of high school, I think two years I went back and I was trying to finish up this cutting board or something like that and he's like, yeah come on in the shop. You could use it. Whatever. Mmm, so, So I'm in there and I'm talking to him and I'm telling ya I really like, you know the west coast and stuff and he goes. Oh, yeah. Well, I was out there for like five years. I'm like, oh really? He's like, yeah, I was a ski bum and I like my like I my Jaws on the floor, right and he's telling me he's learned anything. He had hair down to 40 years down this crazy so know he's a really good dude, and he's like he has patience for Kids that screw around. Yeah, but he all you kind of has conversation for the here. You have someone you're in the construction realm of high school teachers. You really have to like because you know honest to God like the tech Wing was the the shit Wing because it was a crappiest like, you know, lockers and stuff because like a lot of the you know, smokers and stuff would hang out and the tech Wing because they also were all auto like Auto nuts construction. That's like they love that shit because it was something not one see the easiest Glasses get by but for them, it was easiest classes to get but yeah, you know, I mean, they didn't have to go and do drama kind of thing. Right? But either way, I mean that I'm glad that you could so this was after you were done school and you came back. Yeah, like I always liked slamming but cut it. Yeah and that store I didn't hear it until a couple years. That's what about you but like teachers. Yeah teachers like good. You said ya know honestly, like I can't I can't name a handful. I know shorty Act was one of my favorites because hurt my mom and her we're like really close to that. She came over to our house like a Times like they're they hang out and shit and then like, you know something then Roundtree obviously everyone's favorite. You can't knock the guy. I think one of my favorite stories about Roundtree was the first year. I went to college and like, you know, when you like leave for college you and high school for so long. You just like want to go back to your high school. Like do a hallway walk just like yeah boy. Yeah. It's only for the first year when you're gone this really like fuck that. Okay, you come back and so I come back and walk down the hallway. Say hi to Couple teachers and just like they're like, oh yeah. Yeah high school has collagen Shannon's good. I hate Roundtree and he's just standing in a hallway. He goes for a reason. Yeah. Yeah. There's fucking for free samples reason. I like yeah. What's up Mattie goes good to see you. How's college Bobby Chute shift like two minutes, and he immediately goes did you turkey dumper? Oh my God, and I was like, what the fuck Derek and he goes he goes, did you turkey dumper? And I was like, what are you talking about? You know Turkey dump like we're you know at Thanksgiving that's right after you got College University, yeah at Thanksgiving you break up with your girlfriend you like your high school sweetheart. Yeah, he dumped I'll say no that didn't happen. We're gonna be okay, but thanks for like actually didn't so, you know know I was still dating like he he was he knew who I was he knew I was with the land at the time and and so he thought we had here for he figured we'd have broke. We'd break up like right away or he just you know, he was questioning it because that's Roundtree and I was just how and I was like, did you kidding me this? Man that there's no you can't I just laughed I just left it all. Yeah, here we are today. What about you run me? Oh gosh. There's probably like a whole list of I had some really fantastic teachers and I've had like some shit teachers in my day and in high school, it's some really great teachers. I probably say one of my teachers she was like also my guidance counselor in High School Miss gear if you know happened to be listening to this because my mom shares it And my mom knows a bunch of my high school teachers super weird. But um, yeah, she's fantastic. She was just like the most like kind down-to-earth patient person. She put like a lot of effort into her classes to like, I remember history class in tenth grade when we start learning about like World War II and all that kind of stuff when we were doing the 20s. She set up like a speakeasy for the day in our classroom and wrote out like well, she went the extra mile and then Once we got to like the wartime there was one class where she like was doing a whole lesson and we were eating like a soldier rations like the cold tea the spam and like the bread and she was like this is you know, what it was like the small part of it at least but like this is what they like would eat every day that sort of thing and she I think really kind of like helped, you know, I had never really had anybody in my family go to post-secondary. So the fact that I was looking forward to this I was like, I have no idea what I'm doing what to look. For what's it like think our way out and you know, I would go and like see her and she like broke everything down for me walked me through it really made me feel like calm about it. So she's just one of like the best people do we have any teachers that went that extra mile? I don't I can't. Yes. I can't think of one. I don't know if a lot of people would agree with this but mr. Arthur I think true he so yeah, he was he was a strict teacher, you know, like he's just rounding wouldn't have it. He was the opposite of like the take teachers were like he wouldn't deal with this like the Slackers or the you know, like the do whatever. I like to tuck in your shirt belt. Yeah, like thank you you it was but it was it was very support that you like got to his class. You are you're punctual and you listen to what I say. That's all you do for the class that he had to teach for the what 40 minutes was an hour something for that one class sit and pay attention. So I had to do yeah, and you would be you would literally get straight A's right you'd it was your test and really matter that point and in reality like it's not hard to do, but when you In high school and you think you know, everything has been exactly the Whi so why did why are you why did you say we won't agree first thing that comes to my mind is we had this presentation there's four of us and it was like a news news report like we were on air that was the you know, the thing I was cool and I was super shaky. Like I was real nervous. My voice was like, oh you weren't a public speaker. That Punk's you look great. No, no. Well. Yeah, I was super nervous and at the end of it he comes and approaches us and he goes to Hudson me. Jacques Hudson, yes, like you're a radio voice good for you. Then he goes to Caylee Caylee. You're good. I don't know who the other one was, but I was the fourth guy and he's like we're going to sit down and we'll go over this. I'm like, all right, so I go to his class like at lunchtime and he's got like this paper like ready for me and he's like, this is what we're going to go over. I'm going to help you through this. I'm like, oh my God trust really I didn't like totally left field right see a comment. Yeah, but somebody it was yeah. It was amazing and That's big. I got a couple that makes a world of a difference. Yeah, it does Arthur's aren't mr. Arthur was definitely like that. Most people don't see it because they you know, they got the shit in the stick and his classes could get quite boring because all he didn't really read recently read from a text book you read from experience and like knowledge of his wreck right from top of his head. Yeah it off topic a lot. But if you paid attention you'd be too if you test well, like if you took the notes and you paid attention you'd be fine. And if also you were just like kind to him he'd be kind to you. He's He's one of those people who were like, he's a just a human being at the end of the day. Yeah, and again to it's one of those where it sounds to me. He's the type of person where like he respects if you're showing the effort so he will show that same amount of effort and respect right back to you for do the same and to continue on my thing is it's kind of a tie between two of my other teachers. So one of them is actually like it. You have to pick one. Okay. Well miss gears husband. Mr. Gregory this case husband. Oh my gosh the couple of the Year couple of the year. A hundred we were all fully invested in their situation. We just thought it was the cutest thing this so like walk by the social because she was one of the like in like slap the social science Wing kind of and also to geography that like sort of stuff. So let's have a drink episode 9 is sponsored by mr. And mrs. Gear Well, we'd like walk by and they re like having lunch together something really going on. That's so cute. But he is just the amount of enthusiasm this man has is insane he Loves what he does and you really can't tell he's like fully invested in people and I had the pleasure of having him for great 10 Civics, but most importantly grades 9 and 10 drama and I think I continued taking draw it. Not just because I loved it so much but because of how much he made me have fun with it and love it and really get to kind of like go out of my comfort zone with it that I continue to take it all through all four years and was able to like it by 12th grade like write my own play and direct it star anise really well to and have those experiences. So yeah, definitely like I was never a dull moment in any of his classes and yeah cool. Did you have any did you do much other than like the sports any extracurriculars in high school Zak? No, not really as far as extracurricular acrylic help me out curriculum. Yeah, correct year and a half in here. Correct ipas Shakespeare change. Yeah. No I didn't do. Ooh much like track you did. Yeah, you did a lot of sports tracking job. Did you look up to my brother at all, Lucas Derek Derek Derek. Um, I feel like you guys were in a similar in a way. Yeah, like Derek was he was a freak man. Yeah, you're not getting not camera. Watch TV like 700 - what's the 400 meter dash is 9 point something ii o Usain Bolt. Yeah. Nice day boys, Derek didn't eleven point three six seconds. He's to off two seconds off of Record, Jesus - and great. Well 1112 men's it man's a freak and he's also saying with high jump and he still high jump that sounds real he's less than six foot tall. Like he's not he's not built his body's and built to be, you know, like the most athletic but he made it like he made his body the most athletic as for his height basically because I think when you have height, you have the ability to build more muscle and like, you know, you can stretch more you can stride farther like you have these abilities. Mmm. Just a big collar. I know. Oh that Derek was well respected throughout like the whole High School hundred percent and why I said Lucas is because I actually work Lucas. Did you know this when the greens are Renton and he was in I'm guessing he was in grade 12 and then maybe he had great 13. Yeah. He did. Yeah, so I would have been great night. Well, did you look up to him then it away. Yeah, when I was kind of leading leading the back shop for sure. So he kind of set the example is my first job site. You should see the man now golfing. Yeah, man will kick the shit out of you. I'm sure you would a monkey fucking throws. He those a 7-iron On a par 3 put it right by the hole boom. Like I'm No, 7 are no pitching wedge pitching wedge and apart on a pirate on the yardage. So yeah the hot really On a par 3 he put you guys with everything just up and down 285 yard Piper's a reversal of to see that magic. He's got I did he doesn't he doesn't have a power doesn't look like he has a good powerful swing but his father through is practiced. Like non-stop dancing like effortless when he just he's a talented in that on the course. It's crazy. Yeah, and he was always good at golf. Yeah, he's just he just he continues to play every year. So I think I think this year he's getting married in September a oh, yeah. So we're bringing we're doing his bachelor party this summer. I believe I'm invited. Thankfully. I think we're just going to do a weekend somewhere. We're gonna go golfing on the one day like all day just golf. So I'm looking for that. I need help you get practicing. So yeah nice, but either way I'm glad so I knew you were at Let It Go similar to Derek and I know Derek was looked up to in the athletic field, so I wasn't sure if you ever kind of had that I wasn't sure if you did any other extracurriculars do did we play soccer I did one year soccer was that when was that was kind of injured for half the season right was that when like was that when I played soccer too? Well, what grade are you? I was either great 11 or great 12, but you weren't on the team. No, no because I played soccer and great there. I know. Yeah, I know you did one year. I think it was I think it was great 11 that I'm laid. I don't think I played grade 12 either but I might have either way. Do you remember Mateo? Yeah, dude. He's why he listened to the podcast say no way Hillary. He's so he gave me a message the other day. What'd he say? He was just like you and Ryan are killing it. Love the vibe. You guys got I'm listening like I've been thinking I'm listening you guys you guys are killing it. I was like that's like because they followed us the boy right? There. He fought yeah, he followed us in the back story about him. But go on. Yeah, that's what I was hoping you'd bring one, but he followed us and I was like, okay, he's probably like supporting and then he message us like a couple weeks later. He's like listen to last week. Listen to this week. You guys are really doing a good job. And then we kind of like went back and forth about life updates just like what's us how you been and then this so this last episode. So recording this on Friday, the episode was released Thursday of last week. For those listening whenever but he messaged us like yesterday and was like this episode was super chill because we're just right and I yeah, that was great keep killing it like you guys are really crushing it. I was like fuck mad like this guy like this guy out of nowhere. You love to hear that. It's so great. Okay. So what's your story? Well, I remember we were playing Delhi I think in Delhi probably and it was like it was a tight game and I think it was probably close to the end of the second half. And we it was me and Mateo. We had a play. I like I'm just trying to remember it's it was so long ago. We had a play. I think I passed it to him and he like lobbed it from like 40 feet like bar down make I don't know the tail Larry's Italian up at soccer the goal. I think we ended up losing or something but it was a sick going like we were crazy. Yes men's not I looked up to him because he was in Grade 9. I think when I say I use younger, right? He was younger. Yeah, but I know he was on the team when I was on the team and like he was really chill and like we kind of got on Mateo. Yeah, she'll tell men like honestly, I've got one console to he's literally I'm pretty sure he was like born to be a soccer player his dad got it coach like they were like, he's up soccer player day and night basically what it seemed like but no he like I knew he was great, but it was it's just crazy when people like that in my life come back and like her life to her like it was the podcast like you fucking kidding me. Yeah. It's insane and they're just and I'm like I haven't talked to you for how many months now like thank you for ya. So sure giving you ultimate a moment. I'm going to give a plug real quick his he's an artist and I was a rapper is it he goes by mg honest on all platforms? He's got a few few tracks out now, but he's got a new album coming out. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say that got a new album coming out again anyway, so probably I'll probably, you know partner up with him and see what we do, but pretty freaking cool. He's got Beats like he's got real good beats. Like he's wobbly killing after him up. Yeah. Yeah for sure honest mg honest on Spotify all the platforms. Anyway, either way, but ya know the extracurriculars in high school, especially at Waterford weren't the greatest in my opinion. No, you didn't get the best options. Yeah, like what was there like you did drama you were in the either and usable choir really good sports? Yeah. Exactly. We're in Santa drama or you did Sports. I was a Of like we had a so it was like a teen like health promotion group is called teens in action. So we would do like teens in action what type of teens in action so actually it was It was kind of cool because we got to go to Lake workshops like out of town we would tackle different subjects mostly like involving the tobacco industry because we had like a really big like smoking problem with like high school students. At our school so our like school nurse. She also worked for like I'll go my health and all that sort of situation. She had like formed a group with like other like Health Representatives that did this at a few different high schools and I just happened to I was like, yeah, you know what whatever like she was far as I can remember I kind of just didn't have a choice. She was like, hey come to this meeting because I already knew she was just like come to this meeting and I was like, okay and then I was just doing this thing for I think it is actually like three years out of my high school. but it was a lot of it like it was fun but some of it I'm just kind of like oh man yeah like quarters like a like a we did yeah I was part of that we had like recorded a video I can't find it I know my grandmother will dig it up and send it to me for sure now that I'm mentioning it once she hears this but we had recorded a video and it's a little bit crunchy but you know it was done with good intentions but that was the extent of my extracurriculars and drama yeah crazy gotcha I don't know because you didn't you never did musicals and stuff so no I wasn't sure you do that side yeah yeah oh did you guys have a like I don't know how to describe this other than like a like a spirit group at school like a cheerleading squad no like no he's so we have this thing at my school called students for students okay and you know it was like a whole self-contained club we would help facilitate assemblies we would if we had like dances or other events at this All like we would run the concession stands and the coat check and and how like chaperone usually a part of student council, right? Yeah. Okay. So we had a whole separate we did but student council ran most of that. So I think there was people who would will who are willing to volunteer and do the booths at you know, the dances and stuff like I didn't couple times because I was President the one year, I think when I was in grade 11 or 12 were yes crazy. Yeah, that's not there. But no other than that, like there was a handful people who are always involved in stuff like that. At like you just knew that they were like the people who were gonna you are to see at the at the concessions know we had our own group. We had t-shirts. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. We don't really have much of an income at Waterford so we can I thought we didn't think about it like your Waterford High t-shirt to buy as merchandise was like 35 bucks. It's crazy expensive. Yeah. I'm just dumb we had we had my place. Where was your gym equipment? Like most places didn't at all needed a fitness diet or never. Yeah, you need it. You need it to pay for your gym equipment. Are you wanted to want it one year and then I didn't use it. Like if you wanted to work out in the gym. Yeah, nothing gym in the fitness. Yeah, whatever area off Fitness class time you had to pay for a fitness tag. I've never heard of that before. I never realized how stupid that was. Yeah. I know it wasn't like it wasn't that it wasn't expensive was like 20 bucks to the tag 30 bucks didn't even know it was it was it was a one price you got the tag? You wrapped it on your shoelaces. You can put it on metal thing. Right but typically but I have liked to have had two pins you wrapping your shoelaces and it was like, okay, you got the pain or you got the tag and you could work out any time all the time but and like but it was high school Fitness room. So you couldn't do it like I could tell you what number of my tag was right now one six eight. I was my number. I still have the tag all your tag. It's like in my dessert. What was your how idea what was your high vertical my highest vertical? Yeah. It wasn't a special. I was just Man, he's like probably like 26 27 is always your height low is your max lap pole lat pull a socket lap pull in high school. Yeah. I don't know 160 that's not bad in high school. It's pretty good actually 60, but what were you and like are we talking wide grip like legit lap pool? Yeah legit lot, but we're not doing because fucking head showdowns. Yeah. Well, so then what was your what was your thing in the in the fitness room? Like how what was your week know? I was a vertical guy for sure. I was gonna say so I wanted to die. Dunk because was it wasn't it? Wasn't it? You're standing you're standing long jump was like three meters. It was yeah. It was Heavy isn't a fucking nut. But I went I went to quaza for triple jump and hydrology. But what I want nail the year I dear I did that. I was really gonna hide jump Brian guilbert still holds my God, that guy was so close one jump off. Do the guy was like the like length is he was like he was like, he was like a shot but dark type of take her bra. Yeah crazy. Anyways, I went to quaza and I'll just And be the year that I was facing brain on Gina and Spenny Spencer Blake. Is that his name remember from HT? Anyways, those guys are jumping like 190 or yeah, they're not like they're not ridiculous. Yeah didn't go anywhere basketball. Awesome. That was my like 10 minutes of fame. Not that they hit the cost is like a big thing regardless. It was kind of cool but across so once I think maybe twice you did. Yeah for volleyball, so it wasn't even me with volleyball. Yeah great. Great. I think he's lying. Great to clean your on C-Max team. Yeah, it was some karmic link got another guy a so Mac, he was good at everything went Seth when we're gone team. I know how we made it across to be honest. I don't know how it made the quaza pressure Breslin team to oh, yeah. It was weird weird time, bro. Oh, I don't know. Mr. Woodward his fucking father. Really our math teacher. Mr. Windward coached the mail. That's why Seth got on the literary hundred percent. I meant her and then his mom brought like the best cookies do member this is when words cookies no, okay, never mind so we can brand. Sorry. That was a drug. That was it. That was quick detour before we don't even know we were talking about Beyond but Brett is six foot six. Yeah. what yeah he's fucking clients tall he's tall six six yeah why did you it was that because we said it on the pot yeah yeah he's tall shit fuck he's also losing a lot of weight now too he's looking pretty decent yeah he's you do glasses for bread at least y'all he either new glasses or contacts man looks like a fucking Legend that's all he needs is gonna be a beard trimmer you have a girlfriend anymore know she's gonna pull hard a hundred percent hell yeah he way he could I just I don't know where he's at if you listen if he's listening bright fucking pick a game of me but she actually sent it to him though he has an interview coming up oh good yeah he's looking for a co-op and so Brett and the radio TV broadcast he's looking for a radio anybody listen to this if you have a radio job Goldie connections he's actually going to Simcoe CD CD 98 9 was gonna work he's gonna work there yeah pretty cool or hopefully hopefully he's an interview there then if there Listening to this podcast. That's great. What if we got any more biased at all? Anyways, yeah. I know. He's tall shit. Yeah, you're a big dude. Have you does it not look like he didn't like my Instagram photos because I had the one I Christmas of the brothers and I and I'd have never mind time. Okay, what was that? Like you're crushing on me, you know. Yeah, you got my high school. Yeah High School. Wow. Yeah, hopefully one time he lives not far from here at all. Really? Yeah, the town is in Welland. Yeah, like ten minutes away 15. So is this well indoors? This ain't happening. This isn't happening. We're basic this Apartments essentially the heart of st. Catherine's so we're going to out when we go out like we're going to drive around the corner and then we're downtown st. Catherine's this other like section of st. Catherine's that have like malls and strip malls and stuff and restaurants, but we're Beretta is where Niagara College has which is Welland and so it's like close really close but smaller than the city of Saint Catherine's so much but all the whole area that's all of it together is the Niagara region yeah yeah so it's generally kind of gets along really well together either way that you had brought up again that you want to talk some more about music and we've talked a lot about music on the podcast this was I was most excited to get back into it and if that's the thing too is I know we tend to default to that but it's something that we both care a lot about and I knew we were going to have to bring it back on when you came on because just the conversations and the stories that you tell directly linked to you guys and the music you listen to I knew it was going to be inevitable well it happened because I brought you up when we talked about it yeah a few episodes ago you did got a couple good songs and I you actually send me an audio recording and you're like I was going crazy man funny thing I die II brought a crazy like when I think of Zach I think of two songs yeah and and Zach one of them and he gives me an audio record yourself because Metropolis by Logic is there's me Metropolis Pine Lodge yeah so I was listening to his podcast it was on like my speakers and I heard that like I heard what you were about to say and I called it out well it was live yeah okay before we Deep dive I'ma do something you just have to grab another beer real quick yeah so you and Ryan chat real quick I was like thanks no too bad okay hey I'll wait till you get back and then that would probably be a better yeah how's it going Ryan hey how's it going hey can you can you grab me a beer as well speaking of beers what are you drinking so I had just finished up it was a nickel Brooke Citra dry hop sour I'm very into sour beers for the last like few months or so very good very light but I think he's probably gonna grab me one of the other sours that are in there oh yes this is collective Arts jam up the mash I've been on the IPA train yeah did you grab a calling what is what I said On the Collingwood right now. Yes gonna say you seen these you message me like, I'm an IPA guy. I was like, well, I got some ipas for you sir. I boy. Okay, I'll be I can't wait. I yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. I gotta uh, I should probably wait for after the show after the podcast tell you a story about something anyways, high rise again. Hello. I'm gonna crack open this drink real quick. This is just it's just, you know, we're coming down to the end of the season. Yeah. I hope this is kind of a really chill. You know that God blessed drink. But it's not like I don't because that's weird. Like do you guys like he listens to his talk or is there specific topics that I know and I feel like to is I'm always kind of nervous when we do more of like a relaxed fit episode where we kind of play a Loosey Goosey and if we got off track and don't hit all of the points that we wanted to originally look at the still going to be entertaining or are we just going on a rambling? Yeah Rampage and you guys were like, alright. Well shut up already and move on to the next one. I think they're I think it's pretty chill. I just know that when we've done episodes just you and I like we can. she stopped it and play it and record wherever we really want yeah because I have the the freedom over here to control it but we have a guest I don't want to be like hey I stopped it you have to repeat what you said I have to go take a leak kind of thing to yeah but no right now like at least when we have a guest you know if they want to go to the washroom if I need to go to the washroom you do we can you know still have two people to talk and we're not cut no fill in the fill in the empty spaces but we do we need we need a little bit of a like a you know time to recoup after know we have a big conversation about Isaac well it's the thing to do and I wouldn't want us to like stop in the middle of it all only to come back up and not you know be on the same thought train we were originally excuse you thanks I don't like being called out like that for that well there's a giant Gap in the Audio I want you could have said something that was going on anyways you know you always like to talk to the man the myth the legend well hello sir back did you wash your hands of course good must smell but no I like that I like so yeah like Bath and Body Works I don't know what oh I think it's it might be the the cherry blossom one or I think so I think it's a cherry blossom one yeah cool hand soaps Adult I think great. Yes. We have a smorgasbord of them because I think like the last more Gisborne. Yeah. Did you ever hear that word before? I it was named on the Pike? Yeah. It was I haven't no CMS so funny because he was like what the hell cat? He's like that's not real and there's just bored. You know, what is Shakira? So the same similar Styles exert abundance of miscellaneous something. Yeah. It's interesting. But Buck back to the basics here. Newzik. What do you what did you want to talk about? Is there something I can? Like there's more. Yeah. Oh there's so much I think music is so important man. Like it's music is dependent on the kind of mood you're in. You know, I'm saying hundred but I'm listening but I don't think you're mute your mood. It depends on the music. I was thinking of yeah exactly what I was thinking about this I was snowboarding yesterday and I was at the top of the hill and I'm just like I'm on shuffle. I'm hitting next next next I'm waiting for a song. I'm not waiting for like a song per say I'm waiting for a mood just the way that song makes me feel so Looking for a song that had some a little bit of hype to a little rap a little you know upbeat. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's crazy how music does that it just puts you in a dress code second it hits your soul. It's like, you know and again to I can't help but like in a Cheesy way almost describe it like when you meet somebody and you feel those initial like connection Sparks Fly. It's almost the same thing when the right song comes on. It's like it's meant to be there for you in that moment. It's setting the tone for everything. Like I always loved the questions of like what songs would be on your life soundtrack because I'm like I Have so many answers to that question. Like it would be the answer that by the way, although all y'all soundtrack. I need to we need to ask the question. So your you were in that position where you were skipping skipping What song came on that? You got in the mood the song that came on in that specific moment was I'm pretty sure it was a post Malone song Maybe the one that the new song with Ozzy Osbourne will take what you want. That's it take what? Yeah, that's all. Do you did you listen to Aziz new album? No, I haven't. It's a good one. I like it's very metal. Like very Ozzy. Okay, like if you like Ozzy like if you like Pink Floyd's don't stop paying players Black Sabbath. So if you've ever listened to like any I'm saying if you like Pink Floyd similar, okay. I'm just thought you were trying to compared to his previous works because he is more of a heavy metal. Yes. Yeah, but he still old rock like, you know, either way I would recommend listen to it. If you are a if you had an hour, you know car you're gonna Cruise form but either way that's good. So life life playlist your top the best song was you could choose that, you know or like desert island music desert island. Well because because I you know their songs that remind me of you their songs will probably get to that too. But that's your top 3 songs. I got to I'm gonna have to dig for the third. I'll give you my two right now number one hands down at I don't know what it is. But you know, everyone has one right Clocks by Coldplay know what about the bag. piano begins rolling in your eyes I learned how to play on a piano that's like the first thing I learned piano yeah Planet are two so that one brother down but Sam Roberts so I learned that longer dark to I'll play Crazy Critter so at the end of that song he goes into a guitar solo but it fades out yeah it fades out so I gotta get tickets to see Sam robbers badge so I can hear the end of that solo I'm yeah Farrakhan yeah the third one let me come back to it okay brother down to a year later while know Sam obvious is good you like hard tug Hard Road by saying well it's hard roads one of my favorites no yeah some of my favorite ones one that I've been vibing a lot to recently and I'm going to see him next weekend oh fuck away Lumineers oh God yes salt in the sea off the new album salt in the sea I won't have to listen to it because there is quite a few songs that in Jam hardcore to them it's sheer so you're a big Loomer luminous fan than I am yeah Angela I like the shape course what's your favorite what's your favorite lumineer song is the one you're by Ben or is it Angela's like maybe right there yeah yeah salt in the Seas right there dude like there's there's such a failure I like Ophelia a lot I was going to say that yeah the my favorite my favorite story and that's why I love The Lumineers is when I first I think I've heard the song before I wasn't sure if I had the point but my dad got a brand-new truck brand-new for Ford truck for work and he goes to it's a sound system that I think is great he goes going here take my phone listen to this song he puts the song on like pauses it you know it's just plug it in turn it on so I put it in saw the apple carplay and it was Angela by Lumineers and the guys ever heard the song and in this beautiful truck sound system he goes crank it all the way up and just feel it that's a he goes just feel the music feel the system and just like the other comfort of being where you're at and I did and I was like okay what is a Vibe it was a Vibe yeah for sure I hear that song Angela I think of my friends up north because I know one of my friends Emily algar and I'll Sydney you're gonna listen this Emily is one of our close friends Sydney as well. It makes me think of them just because like it's just one of those songs right like in the moment. I was with them when I started listening to it. Yeah, and it's it just brings back makes me think of my dad for sure you think of anybody right Angela? Yeah, or is it just a song and because just song itself worries? No worries. I just You know, everyone's got everybody has their own every situation. Like I remember like we talked about on the one episode with the arkells. Like I think of my like old manager. Yeah, right. Yeah just because I was the first person you show me the song and and seeing I think I just really connected with like how much their music like brought her. Like joy and excitement. I was like, I've been there with plenty of artists before and I've kind of like love them ever since because again, it's that whole vibe like I will listen to any kind of genre of music, but there's just something about that whole like folksy or like indie rock kind of like singer-songwriter about that whole like kind of umbrella altogether music I don't know what it is but it really like speaks to me and like all this into like more hype songs if I need it but there's something about like some of them they really like go for the PowerHouse sometimes and I'm like that's all I need from you know I think yeah when I when I hear that indie rock alternative kind of side yeah a lot of those people out of those like artists they're really that core of the the the fan group that core is so strong yeah are from the people that just like the Hypes I like you know someone who likes Drake isn't really the kind of seem fan that someone who likes you know an alternative artists perseverance because they're so invested and you know not to say that people aren't interested in Drake but it's a different kind of feel you see kind of a different like passion in the eyes of people like they'll be out there like smaller bands and when I say smaller bands they just haven't hit maybe the same level mainstream at certain ones have have that the amount of like passion that they could never get maybe they won't get any bigger than what they are right now but they have a dedicated group of people who like always support their Endeavors because the music just speaks to you on a certain level yeah what's amazing to me very happy about the podcast like just dropping right to this it's like you know we might not get the hundreds of thousands of streams yeah but we'll get the hundreds of streams that are consistent and those are a hundred people that listen every single week and want us to talk about what they want to talk about yeah And also who cares? Yeah, hot Rags. Let's be honest here. If you guys love doing this I can tell that yeah, and it's booming. Fuck it fine. Well, that's what I was up to him. And I've told other people like hey, you know what? Yeah, that was. There is like my favorite party goes I want start podcasting is my favorite part about you guys so much what I had that he doesn't he was like you guys don't give a shit. No. Well, you will record every single you will record and upload every week even if no one was listening and yeah, why would we would know because I've told like it like it was gonna say like, I've told other people have told you Before I'm like hey, you know what in a perfect world? Yeah, it would get big we'd have a decent following but at the end of the day like this is still something that we enjoy doing and it's something that we wanted to do together that we've talked about forever and it's fun for us to be able to sit down and have like a constructive conversation or kind of expand on what we would normally just be sitting around talking about anyway, like why not record it put it out there and if somebody else-- relates then amazing if you know what you pulled the trigger on it. Yeah what I say to the I'm listening get on the podcast help support these two people right there living the dream right now right like I'm gonna go live my dream people are gonna go live their dream help them live there's yeah let's go you know the best part I think is that we've actually like we've had a few of my friends and family come on yeah that like I don't like you I don't see often and whether or not we had the podcast if you had come down or not I don't know how it would be if we had the podcast or Not Right But like you're here you're recording with us and I probably and I haven't seen you since last April but it's one of those things where like I am now getting a chance an opportunity to have excuse for people to come down and see me and to see us the true see the apartments like we have a podcast come record an hour-long hour-and-a-half two-hour whatever come stay and hang out and recorded episode it's an excuse and I like it that way but it's just like it's a lot of fun to be able to do is like another layer of being able to connect to people so it's not just off of the episodes we've already recorded but we can still connect with people yeah in a sense of we get them in here and spending we've trapped them but you know they're spending are forced to talk about stuff to wear like when you're kind of just like hanging out with them there's awkward quiet like silences yeah we're in this it's you I want to constantly talk about something yeah because you know they want to entertain because you guys just pound stuff out and by the way you guys pound stuff out and it's easy you don't get many of those awkward silences trust me well when we actually go out like tonight well it'll be the same as the same thing yeah because we had we had never Brad Johnston oh yeah yeah of course so he came down a few weeks ago and we just like we wanted for drinks for a bit we're out that out talking for like four hours and just shoot the shit saying he wasn't he wasn't on the episode of the podcast and he had to take off but we were just chilling hanging out great conversation for all three of us and he you know he continues to see goes your company was great like I really just needed that time to hang out and chat and that's all this really I've seen that guy in like yeah I'm killing it to seven years using a nurse nurse like he's you're kidding he works for days on three days off good for I think he works night sometimes and he's making my good money he's got like a nice on Solstice like Nissan like one of the supercars Coop he's got a fucking nice car GTR not yours I'll show you I'll show you a picture of a that later but yeah no you know way anyway the best thing the best thing for sure but back on the topic of Music yes so we got our den you know you top three who's your favorite artist right now though yeah right now or like in a vault time if you have one so all time man it's not an easy it's not know I like maybe Jay Cole maybe Jay Cole okay but you didn't put one of his songs in your top three I know because I can go on any of his any of his albums right now and give you like 5 6 songs that I have on playlist right here that I listened so I just had the phone on shuffle driving up here and there's probably half a dozen J Cole songs I came on that's crazy hear that yeah it's he's just so consistent and and I love his message yep but ya gotta love that you do all time yes that's a heavy question it you know what give me a genre give me a genre how about that no no genre if you say Jake Claus fine all right yeah well Savage angle because that Logics right there yeah Logics was not used to bump into logic or is he kind of Dino I'm sure you know what I was going to bring him up Bobby Tarantino two and one one of the best doll seems I've seen logic pump out for sure and I've just kind of relived it going back to it when I'm at the gym and I'm pumping Bobby hit some about it man I don't know what it is like he's got he knows how to do it yeah he knows how to do that kind of stuff yeah because I was a big Under Pressure like fan because I was like oh gee yeah that's an OG Logic for sure so dude I start listen to him when you use mixtape logic like yeah Spotlight Walk On By as I am yeah all those all those yeah but when he came up Under Pressure that was like that was my favorite album of all time yeah the time and since then he's pumped out some good stuff I'm weight still waiting for what is it Walter 85 that's right is lost his life as he's going his clinical last album but that was Johnny I was that yeah that was yeah that was young so much for he had a t-shirt printed out you could buy the t-shirt and it was all of his albums and mixtapes so it's like under pressure I think it even started with like old mixtape days it was like all of his albums and ended with it was the second last album and then Ultra 85 so you're like okay this next albums can be altered 85 and he pumps it like three fucking albums well I can you stop no but this will be his last album he's like I just decided to throw some other she got there first he's pumping out a lot of music and that's why I think he's good man I think quick what gets me about him is I had like heard a few songs but I think for me to it was obviously like I didn't hear a lot about him until one eight hundred and I'm like yeah you know what I'm not going to hop on the bag when right now because it feels a little disingenuous and you know if I happen to come across more stuff later then maybe I'll take a like a closer listen and see right you know I appreciated the vibe good message all that jazz and then we met and then yeah if only your back pain now I'm a huge field way a huge fan and I just he's such a well-rounded Creator but what do you not just artists like I think I love how he really kind of like isn't afraid yeah it was music he's not afraid I've heard something different on every album that I've listened to and I find that he's just creatively you know as a Creator not just an artist he's very well-rounded like the fact that he's able to bump in like pull out the book in a soundtrack for a book and then like still do all of his other stuff and he's such a like you know I'm moving to go see him live like he's such a genuine person when he's talking to people so it was his yeah it was not even close to as good as when we saw him don't know why I don't know how yeah I'm like he was not He was not with the audience like he was with us. Like don't know why it was that night. That was like I wanted it to be a thousand stories on 70 thousand five hundred beans that do is crazy five hundo. Yeah, you dropped yet. We walked out. We borrowed a hundred fifty or I guess I should pack a bag we have the VIP lanyard. Yeah. No, I was a night that I'll never ever ever forget because that was like one. That was the First cause I bought the tickets to buy the IP bought like just what went took a day. Mmm, like just God is crazy and it was the best show. I've never had a concert like that ever and like I get the differences and like I could even tell over there but I think for me like seeing, you know, having all of this like listening to him and like watching develop in hearing him talk about all the time for me to let go and see him in person it was it still added like a whole other level of appreciation to adulthood, right? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, definitely. unexpected favorite artist of my soul away when saw him had he released the supermarket album yeah okay so he played some of that no no don't play a single track from that know and I was wishing legit oh no that's what I told him when you traps dude come on yes I think City and then such a dude gonna rock your world you know what I think is I will appreciate a rock your world I know you'll pay that's the miracle I don't know what that best best friend I can playing guitar he's learned best yeah I think that's another thing actually no I'm thinking about it because I'm just thinking I'm like probably going to rock your world is like really cheeky and fun and I like that and I was like I listen to like lemon drop only for the Rick Sanchez mention and I'm like that's another thing I appreciate about him is just his like the way he just injects references or will just smoothly transition across suffer if you're not paying attention because down it's a good one and it came out of left field yeah that's because I was like the fact that he dropped the book he was so he wrote a book he wrote a novel yeah like he dropped a soundtrack with it yeah and if you guys like want to read the book or listen to it on Audible one of the best books you've done it I've listened to the whole thing and he narrates it on Audible narrator it's like it's hell fuck that's important and it's not him feel him you flick his I love women are the author of the book narrates the book on Audible or any audiobook exact platform so I'm seeing brings you the the personality that you'll never get and I could normal narrator because somebody else can interpret what their intention behind the words when you know Logics got a nice voice so like listening to him for six hours total was a really good tree yeah Joe Rogan always says that a you guys are Joe Rogan and he's so he talks about audio books and he's like if the author isn't narrating it then I don't want to listen to it say thanks I different thing with so I did two books I would bring up for that same purpose Kevin Hart house the book oh yeah and he narrates it and then David Spade as a book that he narrates as well so like those two books I'm like these are two comedians I guess I get to listen to comedians you know a compound shape six hours like it's David's made his communion six hours of David Spade you know it's crazy it's crazy crazy anyways I think we're coming down to the end of the the time here really yeah right was hot go by quick we're like an hour twenty or yeah do I go another three I know right isn't it Jose to have you on definitely have you on for season 2 yeah baby season 3 we are lots of time and so the weather's going to get better for you to make another travel down we can even bring it to you fucking child Road on the road by the way I like what you're doing about this season 1 season 2 stuff and don't be afraid to take a little bit longer for break than just one week you know like we thought it out and because like that's as genius really you know because you're going to come back with more power yeah right yeah absolutely so do you know you've been listening to that the podcast right aren't percent you know how we have the my family reunions yeah so we're open up season 3 plan is to open up season 3 the Romanian do everything on soon start season to have like 10 to 15 episodes you guys are on one do I season 3 we're gonna have my whole all my family we're going to have the whole master we're gonna have a long episode we're gonna bump season 3 and we're going to have almost like a bunch of my family members you know like to cycle through got let's have a drink yeah there's that subscribe button let's go intro for season 2 just Zack say it that's averaging anyways nice cheers my man for coming here's let's get the clinking here get the clock in there oh that's a good one glass we're good we're good oh god there you go