Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey.So today we have TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will kind of, you know, start going over the list of challenges when we get to that part of thesold, but before we get then more news just basically about a bunch of status things that were fixed. So we've released and maintenance maintenance patch on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one that resolves this issue and just as a stability this was for all sorry. I ripped this party yesterday that was for the return to Lobby item shop and Report player buttons not working. I'm pretty sure I talked about that yesterday that those work now, but let's get back to where we are from. or updated things Here it is. Where the footstep audio is again present on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. There was a issue where they were missing footstep audio on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. So that's fixed. Now they say even though spies are stealthy. They shouldn't be using silent footsteps. Thank you for the reports. So yeah, that's kind of a big deal. You need you need to be able to hear opponents and you guys always know that audio is one of my biggest issues with fortnight. Has been since the beginning of this game and so I'm glad that this was a temporary problem and they got it fixed quick. And then there was a issue that seems like it was ongoing throughout the day with Xbox users. They say users having issues completing Fortnight update should download the current console update by following the steps below and then there's a link there. So if your Xbox user and you're having problems updating Fortnight, apparently there's a console update for Xbox right now as well. So do that update to the console. And then update Fortnight and hopefully that will fix the issue for you and then you'll be able to download the most current update for Xbox. Let's see here for a challenge Tip since we have t and Tina. I realize I never talked about how to get Ghost and Shadow versions of Brutus. I just now completed doing this challenge with my son Blaine. I went ahead and went for Or Shadow he decided to get Ghost and where we went to go. Do this was at the Yacht if you land at the little island that is next to the yacht. A you will be able to disguise yourself there. That is in what's that? H1 is where the yacht is and there's a little island. That's just to the west of it you'll and they're sometimes there's a couple weapons there but there's also a booth there so you can disguise yourself swim over to the yacht you can break the wall down and then you'll be on the bottom floor there and on the bottom floor, you're going to be headed towards kind of more towards the middle of the yacht and you'll find like this computer station you interact with that computer station. That's how you pick up the secret plans and then to take the secret plans you head over to steamy stacks and the two stacks you'll there's a two big Stacks that are also you know air vents that you can glide out of each one. Those Stacks has a what you might call it. Mailbox. I'm a mailman. I should know what they're called. They have a mailbox a drop box that you can drop off the secret plants to the one that the the the stack that is for the South that is where the Ghost mailbox is to drop off if you're going to be ghosts. And if you're going to be Shadow this stack on the north side of steamy Stacks the mailbox is by that one and that's how you get that challenge done. We can go ahead and talk about the challenges that we have for T and Tina this week you have eliminate players using explosives five total search chest at Holly Hedges or retail drove 10 in total need to destroy structures. Propane tanks 10 in total catch air with a motorboat. Let's see here. You need to visit landmarks different landmarks 15 in total. You need to use upgrade bench to side grade as a weapon. You need to own need to get three times. You need to deal damage to bosses 500 in total land at the rig Hydro 16 and luck Jack Log Jam Woodworks. You need to destroy Century cameras or century. Her it's eliminate players without using Shields or healing items in between eliminations. Today's Thursday. So we'll get to the Deadpool challenge tomorrow. So let's go ahead and take our break here. We'll come back. We'll go over the item shop and our tip of the day. Hey guys. I am excited to tell you once again about anchor the number one place to make a podcast. Why do I say that because it's free. It's easy. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. You can record and edit inside the anchor app. You can also do this on the anchor website. They have tools to help you make your podcast logo. There's Tools in there to help you make Transitions and make your podcast smooth and silky. They'll distribute your podcast everywhere for you. Is like Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can even make money from your podcast by reading ads like I'm doing right now download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. All right, first up. Let's take a look at the item shop, of course, so I'm not going to go every single character model of this but we have the Winter Ski outfit back in the item shop. Remember these all come with the the Alpine accessories back blings as well. So these are the ski outfits, you know, they're like, you know, they're just like the soccer skins or the football skins only you are wearing ski gear So yeah, there's what 16 of these in total just like the soccer skins and things so there's all of those those are all 1,500 bucks each. We have the Swift outfit that comes with a red rat Lantern backlink for 1200 the lucky axes harvesting tool for 500 and the ratty wrap for 300. You have the vale girl outfit that comes with the used racket backlink for 1,200 The Verge outfit for 800 the ski boot harvesting tool for 800 the party hips emote for 200. The electro swing emote for 500 and we have the happy Stars wrap. This is a new wrap. This is 500. This is reactive wrap that animates when firing weapons. So I'm loving that they are doing more of these reactive weapons that are reactive when you fire and this one's really cool. So it kind of looks like a night sky, right? It's kind of like a dark blue that Fades into a light blue and then at the end of your thing, it's just becomes like a Yellow and red, but the rest of it looks like the night sky and when you shoot your weapon a bunch of shooting stars move across it and it just looks really cool. I'm a big fan of this rap. But yeah, don't oh, don't forget that starter pack. You can get all these items though using Code Mike daddy. Mmm. I ke dadd why in the item shop and some of the proceeds will go to help support the show now, let's talk about our tip of the day. And you know again we kind of talked about it man. There's a lot of explosives in the game right now as far as throwable ones that proximity great grenades and the C4. And if people stack both of these they can be carrying a whole lot. I myself the last match. I just talked about where me and Blaine were playing to get our ghost challenges done. We ended up getting in the top 10 and during that period we ran into one team where one guy because he was focusing on me was throwing C4 at me and proximity grenades at me and just blowing them up a whole bunch. And here's how I aided taking damage from this player and I was able to knock him actually. So there's two different methods one method if somebody's throwing C4 at you and proximity mines at you, you know, you can for both methods. You're just going to have to constantly on the be on the Move. Now, you can take a couple of things into account C4 and the proximity mines. They can't be thrown very far and then they don't roll the round. Grenades do so they once they land that's where they're going to be. So if you decide to build and be moving a whole lot you can be building and moving away at the same time. Now this is a really good method because again, your opponent is either going to have to keep chasing you and if they're constantly having their grenades out to throw they're not going to be able to shoot back at you and then they're also going to have to switch to be able to build and you might be able to shoot a couple of shots back at them while they're throwing which might you know, kind of make them change their mind and decide this is in the good strategy. But again, you're going to you're going to have to build a little bit, you know be building some walls and moving backwards at the same time that you are moving away from your opponent. Now that's one with it. And here's the other method is to be super aggressive. Here's what you know about these as well. You have a little bit of time for the proximity mines. They take a second before they explode see for the person has to throw it and detonate it. If you're constantly on the Move, then you're likely to take less damage, even if they hit you with one, you know the most Even with the C-4 is if people hit you with multiple C4 at once but if you're constantly on the Move that's not going to happen because the rate that they can throw them and blow them up detonate them. It's not fast enough if you're constantly on the move and if you're moving towards them at some point they have to you know, weigh the risk of hey that person's, you know, obviously rushing me too. They're too close to me now. You know and if you're building a special few ramp over them, they're obviously at that point not going to throw a C4 and detonate it because there and end up going to damaging themselves. Same thing with the proximity mine. Oh, they might end up accidentally throwing it too close to the cells as well and blowing it up. That's the method I like is to actually be more aggressive with it. It is 4 L because I feel like it throws a lot of players off, especially the fact that you know again, I'm not a pro level player. So take this. with a grain of salt like if you are super good at this game and you're skilled based matchmaking lobbies in in public matches is so high and you're having a hard time winning. This method probably isn't great. But you know when I'm moving towards player I noticed yeah, they start panicking because they're trying to throw them and blow them up and because it's a slower. Time to be able to you know have to throw it wait for it to land and then detonate it you're usually able to pop off a couple of shots and give them a couple of times before that's able to be done. But that's a tip for the day guys. Go join the daily for night Discord and hang out with us over there. Follow me over on Twitch Twitter and YouTube might be adding on all of those head over to Apple podcast leave a five star rating and a written review for a shout-out on the show. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss an episode and until next time have fun. Be safe and don't get lost in the storm.