Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not relationship crazy in high school. Absolutely. No, we weren't trying to be in a relationship. We were very focused on her academic. We were trying To get into college what my only relationship yeah do a vs. MD program. That was the only relationship that we were thinking of. Yeah, right, but we told ourselves college is the place to find the guy because of the timeline that we imposed on ourselves, which I feel like a lot of I feel like a lot of girls think about this one time I think about their timeline at one point and like I feel like that's a very female thing. Oh for sure because everyone's always saying your biological your biological clock is ticking like so You need to get like find the guy in undergrad so you can marry him in grad school. Now that you're going to grad school as a female. Hello? Hello. I was like, okay after that after that and like not to get married. You have to have the kids at least two of them before 30. Now that I have all these worries on me got to find the right guy within four years, right? So college is the place to find him. How did I fall unlike succumb to the first nice guy? I met instead of analyzing. Like how I analyzed in high school and like forcing myself to adhere to this timeline, where as you were able to although it may have definitely been difficult you were able to stick it through and think okay. There's no one here that I consider worthy of me except for me, right and my academics and like as much as I like to think that I think like that I clearly didn't you know what I mean? And I clearly felt so like how were you able to do that? What were the wall? We're the taught. What did you think during the times? It was hard to get yourself to think like get back on track to the thought process that actually know what I'm doing this for me. It's okay. I impose that timeline on myself in high school. Hmm. My parents never said that I had to marry someone in medical school and have a baby before I was 30 like that was just all me. That was just something that I came up with. I constructed my head and I was like, this is the time when I'm going to follow but once I got to college and I kind of had these expectations like Looking I was looking with binoculars. I was like, where are the men? Where are the brown? But in the school where the waters here? I believe I can double-check this with Pratt and Sammy but I believe it was my fresh. No, I think my sophomore fall where I told all my friends. I was like I am not going after a guy this semester. I was like, I'm taking a semester off and I was like, Like I'm focusing on myself. I'm focusing on my career and focusing on my grades. If I see a man that I think is attractive like I will be like hi come back again next week when I hear at the phone right now because I was taking or ago and genetics and I was like, you know, like this is not the time. I'm going to just focus on myself and I think that was a huge mental shift that I had that semester where I was like, I don't really want to think about guys right now. I want to think about me. I want to have my career like laid out for me. Like I want to get the grades that will get me there and that's what I did and yeah, there were so many times. It was so hard when like my other like some of my friends were maybe getting into relationships or some of my friends were like really pining after like some guy or whatever and they would some of them would come to me and be like, how are you doing this how you taking like a semester off and Just like not thinking about it. I think like the way that I handled things. Sometimes. It's just don't think about it, which I literally just did not but you're like so good at that. You're so good. That's a good thing and a bad thing because that I just never bring that up to my awareness and like actually like unpack it. Yeah sure. It takes like this have a cop type of conversation in this discourse throwback. This discourse has actually like think about it in a lot of ways. I think that it helped me. Just kind of figure out how I work if that makes sense. Like how am I like psyche is I guess I kind of figured it out and I was like, you know, what like First of all there's no guy here that I see a future with so I'm gonna focus on my own future and focus on like kind of like falling in love with myself. I know it's so it's not it's not though people. Like I was I thought you know, but I could handle and what I could yeah, I feel like nobody in this day and age. Focuses on that. I don't think anybody makes themselves a top priority. Yeah at our age. Yeah, which is really sad because it's like you are literally the only person getting you to where you need to be like, yeah your family's there but like in the Act and the idea of doing the actions and Performing the work like yeah, you are the person so you need to make sure you are in your best state. Otherwise your parents can try to like lift you up and your family could try to lift you up as much as you want. But if you're not lifting yourself up, yeah, you're an only gonna go so far. Yeah, and like I think. I kept saying to myself during this time where I was like no worries. I was like like I'll find someone in medical school, which I feel like I'm doing the same thing that I was doing in high school being like there's no one here. So I'm just going to try and call it and I'm like, there's no one in college. So now I'm going to try and medical school and the fear is what if there's no medical school, but I feel like that that fear stems from believing that for years of your life is a big chunk of your life in one regard. Yeah, because at the end of the day when you finish medical school, you're still 25 Six, I know that like freak like you not realize you're not above 30. Yeah, and once you find the right guys, even 30 shouldn't be like not even a thing. Yeah, it shouldn't be that least in this day and age because it's like people are living into like what they're 90. Now people don't get their career started them till they're at least 30. Yeah. So at least in this profession and it's like why is 30 such a scary number I actually was reading an article the other day that said something about 30s being the new 20s. I love that. So basically I'm 10. So here's negative. So I think something that I've learned recently is just that like don't tie yourself down to the first guy you meet obviously now, but it's okay to not really like someone and still go out on a date with them just to see ya. Absolutely, like there's no harm in putting yourself out there and just trying and obviously like you will tell by like the first like three or four dates if that person is actually worth it. And I think like that's something that definitely needs to be learned because of my first date with my ex was definitely not like it was definitely subpart like they were no sparks flying like I only was like interested because I was like this guys interested in me, but then when my mom and my sister called me afterwards and they're like, what did you learn? I literally couldn't say anything but I was like, but he's a good guy and they were like putting you literally didn't learn anything. I was like don't settle but I literally settle I was like, that's okay. You don't like so many like red flags that like I did not approve in this conversation and I was just like we're gonna ignore those. We're gonna fix those leg. Remember you telling me you guys have like I was at Holy do it, then you're like, you know, what like I'll be fine. I was like, okay, I literally thought I could fix him. That's another thing. I thought I can't fix because the idea is you shouldn't even have to date someone that's so unfair to them. Yeah right to even believe that you need to fix them because they're gonna be like, why do I need to be fixed? Like I am me I tried to tell you this but I didn't know how to say it like you can't really change anymore. But you tried and it worked for a little work for like a tiny bit until he realized he did not want to change for me. And even though you told me that I would be the only girl he died. Ever change for it's fine guys Liars, it's fine. It's fine. I mean if you're not going to change don't change don't tell the girl that you're going to be the only girl there. She's he'll ever change for that's so stupid don't change. I'd rather you didn't change and we didn't date then you lied to me. Yeah, but he's my brought that up is because I think it stems from the fact that I had this timeline and I thought these are things I don't approve of but at the end of the day, I have to find the guy in college and he's like my race and he's everything and If he's perfect, let's make it happen. I think the question you asked is how I kind of did it without literally took that timeline and ripped it up. What made you want to remove your timeline? I think the reason I ripped up this timeline was because I saw real life examples of people where their timeline just did not work and they were fine. They were okay the world looks suddenly didn't implode because they got married got divorced got fell in love didn't fall out. Like there's so many things that happen that like, I guess just being more open about it helped me realize that you know, there's so many people going through so many things and like I should be going on my own time things will happen as they happen. I don't need a certain day. I don't need a certain year or number to like have that workout because even if someone did Follow that timeline maybe they weren't happy and I saw that like maybe they just not even maybe like even if you do follow the timeline, there's no guarantee that you'll be happy with that timeline. And I think like again like bringing it back to the point of why we're doing this podcast is because we're trying to make those things clear that like We just want to make these conversations more open to like I could have learned so long ago that I actually didn't need a timeline and I feel like if you were better able to articulate why you ripped up your timeline and maybe and it's on it's not like there's not a blame thing because like you were like you said, I was your best friend you wanted me to have as my best friend you wanted me to have that experience, but I feel like if you could have explained to me Pooja this is what but I feel like you're doing this because of the timeline. I ripped up my timeline. This is why I think if you're doing this because of your Line, you don't need to not take it brought me. Any more clarity think though that the problem was is that I realized that I ripped up my timeline while you were in the middle of this true and I like shoot. I don't know how to bring it up with her without completely derailing her entire relationship with this person and maybe I should said maybe I should have said something for at the same time. I just there was no there was no specific moment where I thought thought that the bad outweighed the good and maybe that was my own fault because I didn't know like how much it affected your mental health and like how much like you were struggling during that time because of this one human. Yeah, and maybe if I had known like more of that I would have been more inclined to be like, hey, like can I just talk to you about this? Like just best friend a best friend like no like there's no like blame our offense that needs to be taken but this is just what I want to say and unfortunately, I just don't Don't think that I took the time to like really say that to you you and I like regret that obviously so as like in hindsight I can sit here. No best friend to best friend and say if you told me that I feel as though I would have listened do you think so I can say that in hindsight? Okay leg. We don't know what would have this is now to any girl who's listening to this that like if your best friend is telling you that something's wrong, right? Because your best friend only wants the best for you. Your family only wants the best for you. So yeah, maybe you can't trust the other people around you what kind of like really can articulate it like there were girls and like my ear who really weren't able to articulate it. Well or they were kind of being really mean and like I don't like Bible would like meanest. Yeah, like or like inconsiderateness. They were still trying to get the Point across but like if you're if they're saying it that's whatever but if your best friend and your family saying it that's something like if they're telling you like I was just talking to this girl the other day like yesterday and she was like we should have listened to our moms. So true because like literally before I got into this relationship. My mom was like why can't you just keep him as a friend before you even realize if he's relationships material because then you will be able to realize if he's relationship material or if he was better as just a friend and then you won't lose him as a friend but now like I Have such a sour view of this guy, which is like it's not his fault. It's not my fault. It's because we circumstance to circumstance a like it's like it's like Taste of version. You know what I mean? Like psychological take the Virgin like I can't look at you now without remembering all those bad things. So I'm I can't do it. You know what I mean, but that would have had to happen if we just listen to her mom's. Yeah, and I'm my main point is Like you were really able to do that. Then you said you ripped up your timeline, but it stopped at some point. It still must have been hard. Right? Did you have people around you who are in relationships? And does that ever make you feel lonely? Definitely. So then what did you do in those hours of loneliness? Like in the lonely hours of loneliness. I repeat it to myself that I didn't really need a guy right now. I am what I was what 18 19 I'm young. I'm so so young and these boys in college aren't mature at all. All like they're real he's not and that's my mom would say she'd be like maybe like find someone in medical school like Wednesday of like matured a little bit and like aren't in this like college hook up like obviously like I'm not looking for like a hookup kind of situation. I don't think either of us. No, I have never yeah, but she was just like take your time because you have all the time in the world right now. So that's what I did and I would tell myself like Yeah, I guess I'm seeing these girls that are really happy with the significant other but I also saw their lowest of the lows in those relationships and those are the times where I put that into my memory bank and was like remember when this person and this person really like fucked everything is like and their grades were like tanking and I like that just can't happen to me. Like I can't really afford that right now. So in those dark moments where I was like, you know, maybe I should just Go out with something. Like maybe I should just no sorry not go out. Maybe I shouldn't be in a relationship with someone like then I had to stop myself call my brother and be like, hey, like do you think this is a good idea? He would always be like no take your time be friends with them first see if there is even a potential of a relationship because you really don't know anyone until like you've been in the same room for a long time and have talked about really really deep things. Very definite. Yeah, and he was like, oh my we make a decision like when you're not in those dark times. Yeah, that's really I think that really helped me and that helped me focus on myself, but I do want to say now like I'm a lot more open to just like dating around kind of and like just seeing like what happens and like I think I kind of because I've started to like date and stuff and like just like go on, you know to dinner or whatever. I've kind of figured out like who I Definitely. No, I won't Vibe with and people who I might Vibe with like I think you also just learn like who like who you want to be with because you know, when you first come into college and you have these expectations, it's a long list, but like for you like did he check off a lot of things on your list or know? What was the last like you're you know, everyone has their own list. My list was Indian. Okay Hindu So he checked out fine. Actually, he didn't because there is a box that he actually looked reverse checked off meaning he did not fit the qualifications. He actually did it like and I was just like wait, no don't do it. So I'm forced him to check it off. And yeah, and then that didn't work out. Well, actually there was two of those that forced him to check on. Yeah, but then you've learned that like people actually do those things and like it's fine for you learn that people do those things and it's not fine like when you let go on dates and when you not even dates like just Meeting more people. Yeah guys, I guess depending on I think but now might like you were saying like your parents didn't raise you with that mentality. Yeah, but do you think Society raised us with that mentality? Yeah. Like do you think seeing I'll are older like I'm like my sisters like friends. They're all getting married now, right and like but they're like a little bit older like they're like, well once 27 but one got married when they were like 26 right when did ya know get married? Earlier than that. Yeah, like early in that period I made when she was 25 your sister happened to meet the right guy very early on that the rest of us aren't that lucky and that's fine. But so we do think it was like a societal. Implications I think it's definitely societal implication of like having to be married at a certain age having to have a kid before a certain age. But I think it's up to us as individuals to again take up take that time on and rip it up. Yeah and just have your own style have your own timeline don't don't don't use a timeline that was created for you. So I think the moral of this episode is basically you shouldn't allow the people around you like the society around you to dictate. Doing in your own life. And then in this case, it's the pressure to be in a relationship. If you're not ready in college, especially like in college because I feel like although like we think we're ready. Like we think we know everything like we were saying before we actually aren't because college is the time for us like women men to discover themselves and why set yourself up to have to end your heartbreak if that is Eventually, what's going to come rather than learning to grow within yourself and loving yourself? If you do find someone that's really worth it then go for it and like just use it use everything as just an experience good or bad doesn't matter. It's an experience that you can learn from and college is definitely the time to do that as well. Yeah. So take your time don't rush into anything because you feel like you have to but if you do find something that's worth it go. I can say that like an all honesty. My experience was definitely a learning experience and I have become a better woman because of my experience and I know what I want better because of it. The only reason I State otherwise is because I feel as though I had a similar path that many other girls could have which is that inevitably led to a lot of tragic events. That could have been for gone if they if like this one experience. It happen, but at the end of the day, I still didn't learn but what could I have maybe done better that other girls then can do better which is that if I did find someone that was worthwhile and I wasn't lying to myself definitely I should have taken that leap. Right but was I lying to myself and I stated in the beginning of this podcast all the red flags, right? Like the first date wasn't actually it strong hitter. Everybody around me was telling me, you know people that knew me better not everyone around me with people who knew me very well or even telling me That maybe something was wrong. And I think when you hear those red flags, you need to make sure you're being objective exactly and it's all learning experience at the end of the day that Bob knows our it's all a learning experience. It's all experiences are good, whether they result in things that unfortunately, you know happen that we're not the best as long as we review them with a positive mentality and we learned that we can grow from our own life instead of you know, relying on other people's dictation of our life. Then I think that we will We'll set ourselves up for Success because at the end of the day, we all have experiences that kind of, you know, provide us heartbreak really make a sad, but it's how we come back from them. That makes us the great people were meant to be. Thanks for listening to our March podcast. We had a blast creating this podcast episode. It was truly a heart-to-heart between the two of us and we hope that the information that you learned in this episode. You can either relate to your own life and learn from it or provide to a friend of yours who you think might need it. That being said, we would appreciate it immensely. If you enjoyed this podcast episode as much as we enjoyed making it to Ray. And review us on Apple podcast at this is where you're listening or give us a shout out on Instagram with the Spotify episode and sharing it to your story. And you know, whatever you can do to get the word out there that this podcast is something that you really enjoy listening to and as always stay tuned for the bluebird after the outro music. It's pretty funny not gonna lie. See you in April.