Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting likeSeriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me and I had a feeling you might mean a lot to you as well and that there be a good conversation about him and his music. Like because like his music kind of still abides and people I suppose they're probably still discovering him. But because it was when I was getting into music, I was getting it stuff on tape and things like that. I just thought there's so much Rich stuff that you're thinking about music in the 90s and things like that to me so I can teach a Turkish. I think so tell us about like I'm guessing because we're pretty much they made yeah, I think so. Yeah, so I'm guessing 91. We're very yeah. You care about will die. And I don't know what these are the corner and baby. So you say you were 14 15. I was I was actually about 1560. Okay? Yeah, and and my friend at the time who's my boyfriend my very very long-term boyfriend still and Cormac. He was really into this guy called Jeff Buckley and myself my friends used to like kind of Markham over it because we'd pass him past the the kind of cover of Grace in virgin megastores and Corker like 15 years old think we were all mad. Add into music and he'd always be like this happens brilliant. Like it's my favorite arm. I love it and we weren't really hearing about him from other people because a lot of us maybe didn't have older siblings who were into music's were really discovering it kind of ourselves and eventually he gave me Grace on tape and that was when I realized we were all idiots for it kind of, you know, jokingly in a friendly way making kind of fun of him for for being into it and kind of realised the greatness of his music and that kind of totally started an obsession then with with me. Point where like he was like, please mention me on the podcast. That's because you just became my eating and I kind of stole him a little more people go this person gave me this thing. Yeah, like it's a really strange like footnote that's always missing, you know, because I've often I think from that time we kind of especially for the eldest or don't have somebody feeding you taste you just kind of fumble blindly around until you find your taste totally receiving an album as a gift that actually becomes a part of your aesthetic and yeah world like that's huge. You know, I got ya I got given Jeff Buckley as well my I'm the oldest as well. But my next door neighbor Patrick was like two years older than me and he had a part-time job and bought a lot of CDs lucky. He just gave me a loan of Grace when I see more like sitting in a room with big headphones on and listen to Anne and I didn't family immediately. Yeah, but when I got to Hallelujah, I was like, I think this is the best song ever. I think I just heard the best song ever. So tell me this before Move on. Did you feel T. Right Hallelujah? No, let me call the cops. Yeah, and that's like the greatest version is the one that kind of lifted it out of ya and into very much. I could pop it to pop song. I think - yeah, it's where I think I always find that really interesting because like the version he did he took certain verses out of the song. So he kind of made his own version. I suppose something just fell down there, but it's made it for me so gently And it is really interesting how like obviously Jeff Buckley was really really big within the kind of indie rock. I suppose fear, but I'm not entirely sure how it got onto the agenda of people like doing you know, those are saying like those shows. You know, what like you're a star you're a star at the Irish. How do you think you are a hundred? Are you are a hundred percent, right? Yeah, we definitely did it out of turn into a pop song on Rufus Wainwright. You've answered my question that I somehow did not make the link to so yeah, so that's it. We're going to be stylish but the roof is version is definitely based off Jeff Buckley's version. It's not exactly like a continuing conversation and he actually and Rufus Wainwright hit song Memphis Skyline is about Jeff Buckley and Jeff Buckley's death. So completing the circle. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah exactly another another total Legend. There was a 90s rumor that Jeff Buckley a diverse to Hallelujah. The one verse was written by him. Oh, I never use debate which one it was because you look it up then. Yeah, of course, you couldn't like Google. Yes music have like discussion about I think like the last verse the what about I am the joke that I'd actually I when you said that it comes like I literally did now that ya know that they're iced completely blind but it feels like Jeff Buckley song, right and that's the thing about him that like, you know, and we'll probably get into more and more about it later, but he's very Is an artist that really like excels doing cover versions and to the point where he owned the cover versions so much they sounded like his own song and that's really what got him on people's radar when he was playing engine a in the East Village and I don't think there's that many people that you can say that about where their cover artist but they're not just cover artist. They bring something really complete lyrics the song. So I really like how it does feel like he owns them and then there's stuff like Corpus Christi Carol that's on Grace to Benjamin Britten song. I've never had been written. I don't know who you are, you know. When I was 16, and it's very popular answer and pointless. Yeah, there you go. And like I think you know the fact he covered that on it and that's something that sounds completely kind of wild. I think when you're 16, what's this weird slightly, you know operatic song on this album, you know, this is a weird mystery Room destroy something comes across in Grace and especially no the live stuff like the big word extended version of shin-ae and mystery why Point stuff? Yeah is how widely he listens to music total is like knowledge is just off the charts like in the little Snippets of stuff on the Sinead. Function even he lists jump into like a bit of a Duane Eddy song a bit of like some Arabian like folk rock and then just drop out of again. It just has all this just like on a filofax you just drop it out and drop it into bits and pieces of different research scholar. Do you know he was just like genuinely interested in loves aircraft and it becomes less about him then and about music as a whole. It's so true. And I think I know while back there was a site you could go to where they had his entire record collection like you could look at all the records you all. Opened I don't know if it's still online but like that exactly it was you look at it. And you're you realize this guy loved music lived and breathed it, you know, it was the son of a really famous musician just kind of bought all the records and he played stuff like MC5 who you wouldn't think so, no anything like his music and he loves like Nina Simone and Edith Piaf and things like that and he introduced a lot of us, I think to like unusual music because like you were saying there and nose are at at a nose red aliphatic and I think is one of the guys he covered I'm Was going you know, who's this guy? Yeah, and how did I heard of this kind of indie rock I get into this music made by this guy is from the other side of the world and it just was kind of cool to see that he put everybody on this like the same level. I probably said that that means there's something wrong but but essentially anyway he put them on the same level and him and it wasn't in I like snobby way of like I can't believe you don't know kick out the jams or whatever, you know, those effing the first taste of I heard the man got away was all mr. White boy really cool like Canon version. Has his version which it shouldn't be but it is somebody else's version and then you you go and you seek out the original and you're like, oh your minds kind of blown by the differences and how they interpret it and things like that to my God. That's that's such an interesting way to come to that Garland realness. Yeah, really weird. Another thing. Yeah like have in common. Is this Judy Garland thing. That's like it removes the it removes the inherent kind of as I say it. The come from the come from like that just some other beautiful layer of color beautiful beautiful layer. Yeah and did he die. Is he 27 Club? Did you know he was older but I feel like because he was so kind of young-looking and useful really feels like it's part of that kind of Club know he's in his early 30s. I think when he when he died and like I was looking back at all the videos that last night because like when we were teenagers YouTube did not exist would enter feed it like MTV it is exactly so you Got music videos video only I was asking my video. So we never really got to see him. I didn't see him live off six. He was dead to him and I there was he wasn't really on TV and comes out of live DVD that I watched a lot. You're a step ahead of me because I do not have a live DVD at all getting into music at a time where you were getting tapes from people and kind of going back to what you were saying there about gifts your friends giving like literally like so many the formative albums that I loved were friends going to me here is like this add more. Here's the Blink-182 debut album of Android. Actually have the soft spot for because my friends Kyle Kyle Doyle gave me that I'll be years ago. We were teenagers and I was like, oh, you know this person loves that record and you're going to love it too. But it also meant that like it was really hard to buy records which is like, you know, spend 15 pounds on one Garrity really really amplifies. How much should you treasure things hundred percent? Like I was on the train with an eye on the way back from Galway and I was like, I don't really use Spotify. We my Spotify report. So I was like, who are you? What is this? But I was listening to music on the way home. And you kind of do have to check in with the reality that you can access any song. You want to hear and I need time. Yeah, I don't know obscure. No matter how Bleak you can listen to that music in that moment without question. It is the Eternal jukebox, whereas it is, not really that long ago. Genuinely that we were carrying around CD cases completely and you treasured that taper that CD and you only had one or two you could take with you see that what will I bring up me on holiday? Like, you know, I remember Remember to certain albums really like say the first Coldplay album. I love that album so much because it came out and I went on like a family holiday and brought it with me and listen to nothing, but that and that every time I need time I hear a song from it reminds me of that time, but I do I do kind of like that scarcely thing you're talking about there is a joy in it. And I know there isn't being at like, you know getting older it's easy to say in my day, you know, it was much better for treating not even 10 years ago. Yeah, you know what? I mean? Like it's that condensed. It's getting up to 10 years. Ears. Yeah, that's actually really not that long ago at all. And it's amazing how the first thing to become utopian and it's level of access music no it in fact artist and it has problems but it's never been a better time to be a person who listens to music but there was something in those copies of Grace and like I used to take out the front little album books and yellow make cards and read them and and have the lyrics in front of you written down in the way that they were intended to be written down. And you know, yes, you could skip a song if you like if you didn't yes. Which are you could listen to Lilac wine and repeat forever with you and best drinking song in the world and Christ art was I think that's my favorite song off that island. And yeah it mattered. I don't know where I got my copy of Grace. I don't know how I came to me, you know, I was a fear of very small handful of albums. I listen to over and over again bigger Longer Jeff Buckley pick rangga. I like nobody else who like to pick wrong guy also. How does an exact exact emotional state received Vikram she holds up really really? Well, she's still great and it's scarily long ago now, but that's not you know, if you put a time lapse on how long ago sway was. You don't think Janice XY so just so good. So with that I know how I found her. I know I found Gwen Stefani. I know how I found my girls, you know, yeah. I don't remember who gave me Jeff will be but I know maybe I thinking of a Tower Records night when we record store as Temple as place you go if you're not interested really in music. There was a movie section. It was a sight of visitation every Saturday, you know, it's like, okay, we'll go to Tower Records and it must have been one of those. $5.99 or 999 on sale moments because I can't think of any other reason that I would have picked it up. Other than possibly to look as though I was a look as though at least I was listening to the same music as everybody else, but then I found that I loved it. So don't act like I have a really strong sense memory of us and what a weird what a weird thing. You know when we were 15. We went to Disney World for a holiday. Oh my God, that was like 40 minute drive from hotels Disney World every day and I Taste that we wouldn't miss your wife by the Jeff Buckley Live album and then you're almost at least met XO on one side new Young Harvest. We are in person going to be much of my PhD work. But like if I'd had Spotify I would not have listened to mr. White boy every day for two weeks a live album like yeah, would you listen to In fairness? I live on such a good at such a good record. This is all the drills and Grace notes and stuff. He does not do extra guitar, but he doesn't just they just everything enhance the pretty much it's only because Little bit self-indulgent sometimes honest. Yeah, I like he definitely strikes me as someone who was like well into what he could do. Joyful that he does that they're just like living when she's singing. She's just receiving her life from her own. She just she's just a self-perpetuating fucking machine. And I reckon if you can do it like you love yourself, you know, totally know I've had the best time to ask two weeks sing along to Grace in my car. Yes, so much fun could reach the high notes that Jeff can reach. It doesn't sound good. But I can do something his vocal range was ridiculous like ridiculous and took four out of six supposed to be like you can't like I said, yeah, no sir Prados reached It female Sopranos Beach and then he can sing quite quite low as well and he he can do so much with his voice, you know, like it's just so malleable and I love tigers as well. When you listen to the live records, like mystery whiteboard or live at Olympia or she may did it'll kind of pattern. He has between the tracks and they had a chat to the crowd and makes fun of them and he'd be like, you know, like what Olympia be talking about Edith Piaf and he'd be like, you know, Margie beaucoup de fromage or whatever, you know, like that isn't my head. Yeah. Kind of listening and you're like all this, you know, this guy is but a crack as well as being like, you know, just another Nina Simone song or whatever. He's already thing. And so I kind of wondered what it would be like to see him do that live as well that like this guy is like well into what he's playing and also wants to communicate with you as an audience member because I don't you don't get that from every band do like no. No, we just got out good. I bet we've been to a lot of gigs. Yeah. Nothing is really like, I've never experienced reacting like those know those gigs on those are Them's yeah, they sound like really epic. Like he was very present there in the whole band were really really present and like into it I guess because it was like a two year period where he was doing it rather and him been on my dear 15 and still playing Hallelujah a very nice example still in the joy of like he had 2,000 deeper here. I am. Yeah not even the more desperately sad but it is that you the imprint of the thumbprint that we have is somebody at the height of their powers totally and I think that adds to the whole kind of myth around him as well. We're like so sketches for my sweetheart the drunk is The posthumous record which there was all these rumors at least when I was growing up anywhere and I was a teenager about how you know, Jeffrey D actually wanted to like Set Fire to the master tapes. He didn't like it and that it got released to maybe and he didn't want it to be to be released. I think he recorded her Tom Verlaine from television and the songs to aren't like the songs on Grace and it's not just good. It's great. Yeah, but they are there are some great covers and there's some really great songs on it, but it sounds really different in many ways. So the myth then is like What we could have had will never know what he would have done and he didn't really write that money songs himself until he got the record label deal with Columbia and then had to start writing more tracks. He was more of a covers person and I think that's so mad to they got buzzing record deal with a really big label just cause he was like bloody brilliant at do, you know playing engine a in the cafe and which is owned by an Irish person as well. So like is all these Irish connections Tim is all too. But yeah, so I just think he's a really unique kind of person in terms of getting a label an existing in that world at that time to you know, I still think they're about like the the things that get released after your memory and that's after you've passed and those are the things that people then know of you and the teacher shame but like I feel like that really Winos like there's this long Shadow, you know of tragedy and it's like, oh you never got to see what you could have been but we do have that video of her super drunk on stage at like Jools Holland or whatever and that's played out and played out and played out instead of the well, you know, both both her work and the weird dark shit is played out too, but I guess nobody gets a call really you do think I'm walking. Yeah published on what doesn't after they died and it's been a lot. So, you know, it's good to just crush it. Like he said if she liked the whole we got to see the breakdown of every White House in front of us where I was with Jen Barkley is kind of happened, you know, there was stuff behind the scenes may be a logical right, you know how and then last night I was reading about and I was just like Alcohol found in almost every got one person on the never came back. It's crazy. And there's a photograph actually. What were you going to say? Sorry. Oh, oh, no, but I see what they have. They released a lot of Jeff poppy stuff since Lola there seems to be a lot of it around and even released a new single like last year and the last year when you realize that there's a lot of like like any artist. There's like a default mode that you're in when you're relaxing and his is like a torch song crooner kind of thing. And there's a lot of that and it's quite generic. It doesn't reach. Each what's on Grace or the new songs? I miss you. I boy so much better than the sketches ones. I think yeah, Tim Elliott Smith. We talked about this on the and right here is episode. There's a real Barrel Dragon happening. They can you believe the holy texts and don't dilute it with stuff that he didn't want seen, you know, like and I think he's like devotees Mother's really supportive obviously of her son and she's a huge force behind the releases and remembering his legacy and she you know, she cares and documentaries and she I think she came to a gig attribute gig that was on in Dublin a good like maybe 10 years ago so I can totally understand from her point of view why you want to get into the the tapes of everything that he did and get it out there. But as a listener, yeah, it's sometimes you can be like maybe we don't need any more of his stuff and like, you know, there was an album release where he was in Gods and Monsters and there is like tracks are these from that that he did at that like were Grand but maybe not amazing compared to what he did and I do garlic This is fine. But like really good the good stuff. Yeah, because it's a friend who's no Gary Lucas co-wrote like Mojo pin and Grace and you can really original versions on this but it's like what if a virtual guitarist virtuoso guitarist noodle Dover Road reopened and Grace be these big early for five minutes. I have seen every squiggly guitarist that you can name. I've seen Joe Satriani. I've seen Yngwie Malmsteen, I While Steve Vai Vai that's a guitar Widow as a teenager. I you drives like a dream either and it was I bun I brought my teenage boyfriend see Dream Theater in launch. I like mock. My boyfriend's so much for being in two bands like that. Sorry. I know from you think worried lately. That book ahead is actually good. This is my real deep concern is I listen to alot of music. I have a very limited scope of Interest I recognize that that I don't understand it. I always felt like there was something profoundly wrong with me because all of that I knew were bet into this guitar math Rock and I was just going on so it's because when you're learning at our you are looking towards the people going. Oh, hey, maybe I can aim towards that and you're impressed by it. Whereas when you actually get into like Melody and chords. I like I never really Soloing like play guitar I was for like with himself and that's what your puppy is. An amazing at Harris is an amazing rhythm with her as to what he can do the way he shifts things and ads bits and pieces, but then you can bust out let's read it but he doesn't he chooses not to tread which I respect so much because yeah, Add our pizza dough Giles and go and see book and Pink Martini. Oh, wow in Paris with me. I was very cool 18 year old that sound it was so good. That was like not the best day of my life way up there on the best day of my life like Italian. I think that's what I liked about Buckley's was because his music kind of had an oldie kind of vibe. Especially angry. Yeah, cuz I'm an oldie kind of like jazz singer. You know and he loves like we have two women. He loves women's voices. He loved paying tribute to them and he like female vocalists obviously and that was at school as well. You know that he's like, especially when you're growing up as a teenager all the cannon that you're introduced to and back in the 90s. It's like dude zuzu's dudes and then there are women who are allowed to be in there. You're making an apple. Yeah, always obsessed like honest to God like she's like Regina and her haps. I didn't quite get actually I kind of like I've missed out on her and she was really great as well. But yes, but the the girls were few and far between in a way like in a real way but I think there was something kind of ambiguous about Jeff Buckley, especially on Grace definitely wasn't Butch. No, I don't know and if there's interviews with him where he's wearing like, you know kind of Pink t-shirts and things like that like he was open to kind of the feminized side to him and I don't use Outdoors words wrong be like what you know, Thank you T so much. Oh, yeah of the start SeaWorld where they wouldn't be not blouses. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Beasley and like yeah, I think you think of like the boy guitar Heroes of today. I'm gon say a chair and I'm just going to say right it's gonna you lied mention that I wonder if underage Charles and we might bleep us. Yeah. When he's out here the shape of you also be sad. It's like your job just like wear a nice shirt, maybe a bit of hooking concealer. Like would you not just if you're gonna like we just take a bit better care of yourself, man. I'm pouring it like you think of all the way the way that it's just it's a gender stereotype think it's just like you think of, you know, Ariana Grande of to our eyeballs in tool and femininity and then you know on the other hand You've Got Mail like Tire boys who won't like how shower do you know so somebody like book that you kind of walks that that's soft line and presents in a kind of a family its kind of think it's kind of nice. It's a sign of confidence. It's not a it's a mature or something. Yeah, you know and it's owning like who he is as a person because when you I think you know, there's a lot of the mitterrand him to is about like how his dad was Tim Buckley who was very huge in the 70s dies tragically as well. Not the same not in the same. It's as though and that like he you know, the whole thing is like he didn't really see his dad. He saw maybe like once or twice when he was an incredible season, so he's really small when he met him and yet then then he came to attention because he played at this tribute night to his dad. And that's how people were like, hold on is Tim Buckley has this like ridiculously, you know, similar-looking Saint who it turns out is really great. And so he was kind of had to like deal with like this idea of who people thought he was because of his dad's Legacy for so long. So, you know, he there must have been some identity struggles are Terms of how he was viewed by other people and being so kind of striking looking and sure probably a girls running after him guys running after me all day and I didn't change his name. He was called Scotty Moore. Yeah. What is that Daddy change typically occurs as a tribute to his dad. Yeah. So he did you take the court is a little bit in the late 90s what they find. and there is stuff in there and like how you know, he kind of wrestled with the The people looked at him and were like those is really good-looking guy. And and you know, that's kind of it could be a struggle. You could be like, oh, yeah poor lad kind of weird and you know in New York and everybody knowing him and things like that. I think you know, I think for a long time I would all I genuinely would be like that's not a problem. But actually I'd say if you're not predisposed towards us, it could probably be quite frightening and people yeah, and people kind of only seeing the outside of you and actually one I think something fun wanted something off here. Like I don't I for again for years. I would have just been like this not a reason to be upset, but it actually is and I'd say he's quite lonely. Yeah, and he saw any sort of success in that way, especially if it's connected your physical appearance too weird. It's barfi. Yeah, and the last the last couple years of his life were definitely depicted as like being a weird period of time for him now. I don't know if that's like a retrospective. It's easy to go back and look. Someone's died tragically and you know kind of put all these emotions onto at me like well, that's because he was struggling making his second album and everything, but he definitely was someone who had tough times and to you know had tough relationships with people and who did have an absent father who died and who you know who had a legacy so he's in that Legacy immediately. He regardless of how the path that he calves from curves himself. If the origin of his success is tied intrinsically to being seen performed a tribute to his father then like that aware of man that Dad that can hurt people in so many different ways, you know, yeah, but at the time he died like his band were on the way down to Memphis trecorum. She was really excited with your songs. He was in a good relationship with John Foster man. Yeah Simon's up for last year. Should jump with joy and also I think she comes like she goes back I'm taking Sarah. But yeah, so things were like looking up he would like he was in this house in Memphis wasn't he preparing and kind of like writing and things like that happen, you know, we all love those stories of like what could have been and it is sad to think like, oh this guy, you know could have had 20 more albums and each one could be better than the neck. They were living. That's not how it works. Yeah, like I have to give us what he gave us and he would have had to survive in this media. scape do you know and I think of the people who did work weren't able to hack us, you know Bo and who could in the levels of Fame like think people like Kurt Cobain, you know, yeah people like because you kind of can't conjure up Jeff Buckley without the spectres of other Legends appearing behind him the Horizon, right, you know, it was a time, you know, and I don't know how anybody survives in the media and the celebrity here that we live in now, especially not the sensitive souls and the people who We're already troubled in the first place troubled and Brilliant. Do you know I don't know how anybody makes it an I/O if they couldn't make it then do you know what I mean? Yeah, it's a Vortex. You have to be it's making me laugh you made of Sterner stuff not Sterner stuff, but you need to be made it something different. Yeah our be able to like disconnect yourself from what other people think of you because like being famous or being in the public eye, which now can be like just being an influencer on like being somebody on Instagram. It looks like a boot to twice man, you know. No, you're gonna hate to have that much to be living my life like that, you know, so he did have his he lived his life in front of people, but he didn't have to be too too exposed. I suppose, you know, she was acting solar cells as well in Memphis. He wasn't doing weekly show like shindig and he was like trying out the new stuff you he seemed it's not like if you like about Kurt Cobain's last week last week you go. Yeah. This was all leading up to what happened. Where is Joe is a step up. He's just like he's just living. This is like a sudden. Like the neck summation Mark the reverse of an exclamation mark in the middle of a sentence, you know, yeah just happened in this gone. But like I say somebody I don't know passed away in a very similar way when swimming and never came back last year and it was my like I these things just happen to people. Yeah, it is the worst it is the brutality of the universe. It is unfathomable in any way you cannot put any sort of metric of understanding on it that they swim out and they don't come back and they don't tend to but like nobody likes to think. Out how unpredictable the elements are especially on this day as another storm rolls in to Ireland sort of Georgia something but like genuinely it's the brutality of the universe God love them. Do you know what I mean? Like it so it's it's terrifying like that was the thing we read last night's like there's no alcohol or drugs found in. Yeah apparently had like there was the thing. He had loads of keys in his pocket and you read those things that like he had things weighing him down that like, you know, so it's all very tragic. But like he know you had such a legacy to I mean we think of people really like who Try to sound like him or want to sound like a more. Wish they'd be science as a whole like generation of like arguing all these male singer songwriters who have a bit of puppy or they have a deal hands. Yeah, Jeff Buckley. Yes. Yeah, you know because I don't know how well it's known as story is what as a Radiohead obsessive I note and when they were recording the band's didn't see Jeff Buckley live in London. Yeah time your could not figure out how to sing Fake Plastic Trees and then see Jeff Buckley and he went. Oh, I went back in the corner Fake Plastic Trees that night after seeing Jeff Buckley life. It was like he suddenly realized how you can like sing your fucking heart out. Yeah, you know after seeing him yes wild is someone who like his I mean God Is lyrics couldn't like cut you deep and I feel so emotional but a lot of it a lot of his music, but there is a disconnected layer to him where he is that little bit kind of disconnected. Yeah, and maybe like you're saying there Jeff Buckley helping him tap into actually being more expressively emotional is like a really nice Irene. I think thing to think about you know, and Radiohead is not the one of those bands. Like teens from the 90s, but yeah, that's right. No, we're waiting for demi to do eBay. If you're listening listening to that one Fisher. So what was your gateway to you for other like soon somebody's finger yourself. So, how do you were a DJ in Karachi? Yeah. What do you want for me was definitely a Gateway into being obsessed with certain artists and also liked learning about music, you know, cause like, I think when you're I grew up with like parents who really liked music who love music and my dad in particular would have been like the influence for me where he loved Neil Young which you know and like Bob Dylan the usual ones that all our parents were into real 70s. So I've seen anything from 1970s like movies like music. I'm like the something about that ascetic and that sound we all loved one. I particularly love. So I like that kind of, you know, the emotional stuff that was going on with Jeff, etc. Etc. But what he did was he gave me something I kind of wanted I needed myself and then I could use that as a way to go on and learn about more. XO so, yeah, you just kind of it just turned into like many other teenagers someone who just got really into music and then started doing music shows in college and DJing and you know, all that sort of crack and having the nerdy conversations people or never feeling like you measured up to a people who knew everything about certain bands, which I think is a big thing when you're when you're a teen it's always like do I know enough? I only follow you on Twitter. I recognize your username from like UCC radio. You're kissing. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. After a few years you had no idea was listening to you. Yes, I've never this. Well, this is mr. Yeah, right. This is doing this without is the closest I got to realizing my like teenage dreams of being a late night radio show host and I think College radio owns and I would have stepped over my own mother to get to do a gig like that. That sounds so cool. It was yeah like, okay, so it was like it was an indie music show. But yeah, like I mean jeez, I'm sure anybody knows me probably sick of me buying it on a bit all that sort of stuff. But like I'm sorry to hear that. So yeah, like quarkons radio was such a formative period of my life and I can't I can't even describe surrounded by people making loads of new friends people who were into same stuff that you're in tune who understood music the way that you did and he felt all those emotions, you know, and and getting to do I really wanted to do music show but I started off doing a book show which looking back. I didn't quite appreciate as much as I showed him operations. I was like, oh well, you know Grant which is Will and like there's a few of us worked on that. It wasn't it wasn't just me and then I managed to persuade them to give me my I were to do sweet Oblivion and that was just playing rosa music I loved and I'm sure I got quite repetitive or sometimes and I was obsessed with like, you know, an inch Apart album or whatever, but it like it just kind of made me delve into things and I learned loads from the people I worked with and they introduced me to bands like low who's another one of my favorite favorite bands and I just kind of I don't know like it stayed with me. So even though I didn't I wanted to be a music journalist, which I nobody really taught me is really really really hard and underpay job. So I you know, you can't be a full-time music journalist, but I know you're a news guy up. Yeah kind of music journalist a bit as well. I kind of been kind of do what I can a lot of music racing between college and maybe that maybe like seven or eight years ago or whatever when I started going full-time news. So like I've all I all I loved writing reviews for for state and I did stuff for the event guy. That's where I Off doing reviews for event guide and like about the very first off. I wrote was music reviews and I was like 16 for the local free. She's you know, there's three sheets. We have like four pages and be all ads and then they'd be like two little features. Yeah, and I used to like hand them a page and they would scan in my review and I didn't know that much about music at that age. So I was a hundred percent making office on my references there like I looking back. I'm like, what the hell? How did they let me do that? But like that's what I loved doing that doing that at the time and so it's a real kind of joy to get to do any Any stuff like that, but the music world has really changed and I think you do get to your thirties and start feeling like I don't know what's happening who are The 1975 watch the you know, and so like not being in that world fully does make me kind of yearn for the days when I felt like I knew what was going on. Yeah. See you do see every time a new like festival lineup is draft. You do see a kind of a like a wave of boot-cut. Jean has motherfuckers being like this. What about that's Trust Still though where we seen this happen to our parents that are answering uncle's we just got a bit of dignity. You know, it's hard to hear told. You're not young anymore. You said this but a good test to see what size font on a music has for long enough. You still recognize names from start. It gets very depressing. Very good. Oh, jeez, and I assume they're good though. So I assume a lot more like rap and hip-hop artist who I just had I'd never developed into because I grew up in guitars, you know, it's it was more divided than so. It's just you don't know that. Don't you yeah, you can't even tell bad from good semi-metal. I can't feel bad about for good metal. This all seems like it literally it says mouth. Yeah, but I think when you're going bad at this or I'm bad at that like I think there can be a competitive thing where it's like you have to have this much knowledge or else you are not a valid speed metal gigs, you know a lot more than you maybe even like realize and I think that's that was one thing that I always found weird, especially in college like to compare Have nests of Music knowledge and I think being like being a girl as well. You'd have guys coming up and being like and you know, what lubell were Nirvana on and stuff and you like some very strange because there was an Irish rap group called massaging the expert that I was super obsessed with and went to loads gigs, but they had this horrible mean lyric in one of their songs and about girls who like shit music and I the song otherwise is unbelievable. It's called it's on the album called me this I have to hear and the song is called all the other girls. Actually it kinda is shitty, but I like him and there's this girls who like shit music business and that was like this where I think you mean, my dad might have talked about this before on the internet this idea of being a girl who like shit music being like a curse of people put on you. Yeah, or like something that follows you around that if you're a girl you like shit music you are not worth anything to the conversation. And that I am in my big age still I'm still so cute. Yeah, or I think of words like musical becomes good when a guy likes it like now the cargo Jepsen has the mail seal of approval. It's like it's okay. It's like Carly Rae Jepsen. So yeah. Yeah and but dad's Lads lover lasse absolutely love card on beach house. Lots of beach houses. Well you do it sometimes I'm like, okay, some people are like into them and I'm just gonna get it get away from them, you know, and like I did I did my thesis in college at Miami thing on women in bands women and music because we can like I'd like a quite true line what I was interested and nobody's ever going to care but I'm going to write this anyway, and I'd read a good few books from like the 70s about like women and music and there was always like, you know, there'd be a book read music and it was written by God to be like one chapter about you know, you know female Of funds and things like that and there's all these crazy stereotypes about like women and pop and you know, like it's so interesting how they still continue like how they're kind of the beatlemania stuff is like crazy girls. It's opposed to these guys got really huge because you are girls were listening to them. If I know it's the same the same day with Stan culture like we had at ey student in the office this week. I was and she's a Hozier Stan and like isn't like the background on her phone. It's like a boomerang of him like a stand capital S and I've already talked. On the show, but I think that word has false Origins and I hate it. Oh, yeah, it is a grim. It's all Grimmer friends. I don't think it's about it's about this. It's about Eminem Stan. I think I'm from Tumblr and I think that it comes from people saying I will stand for this as opposed to I will not stand for this. Okay? Yeah, so I think it's a mistake that when it became a little bit closer the mainstream someone had to explain away as opposed to just I will not stand for this. I will stand for this. Do you see ya they just don't because they're probably Americans they don't D isn't quite denied it. So that's where Stan aren't as well then. I think it's a very easy to tack on to M&M's down but a lot of these kids would have zero reference for that song so or that concept so I think it's from a typo anyway the and she's chatting way that holds your enthusiasm like she was just like so impassioned right? And I'm just like You're part of something you're part of a notion of girls who live for this right as are the I feel like if I can say BTS near my phone, I'll open it up and my Twitter timeline before the people yell at me but like that culture that wild fevered fan culture. He's all young women like you women are the highest like they're the money makers said the by makers and yet their taste is Like derided and kind of you to write it do ya so, I definitely I bought you a book is Grace because it probably would have bought me five minutes of somebody else's approval. No fortunately the halo effect of that is be sitting in my bedroom my arm being like La lengua. like my love and but yeah, so there was a good halo effect offer, but generally buying records and buying songs or buying McD's was like temporarily buying approval are buying Kudos and leaf tea or something and I go you to buying we're going to like record stores and stuff and maybe everybody was records feels like that when they go into like independent stores and you be like is what I'm buying Okay and like, you know, I might if somebody asks you a question to kind of answer it and get all the time. Yeah. Yeah, and I can why I haven't listened to the second B size on that particular release, so I came out on a Japanese only CD in 1994. Don't mind I had that kind of knowledge on was Jane's Addiction. Oh, wow, that's good. Love Jane's Addiction was super obsessed with it Dave Navarro that's like really was internationally peppers and my favorite album is not minutes and he Praises unto him back. Yeah, we hear him on that as well. Yeah. I was like, who is he that we find him which I'm James addiction. I love those jigsaw not to kill whatever but like putting all the pieces together and be like Oh Come just over this whole world, but nobody would ever ask me two questions about Jane's Addiction. So I was just like music festival Perry Farrell found it. Listen to and listen to that song has some of the worst lyrics so like like what do I can't even say them on on air but I realize what it's cooled or that he's like a you know, he has all these Links at those different with the different bands and they all represent different time. Yeah here is like it's so odd, isn't it like There's something happened during that decade which is still quietly happening now, but it's just there's just Spotify maybe one day is recommending and somebody's recommended lessons. Welcome lilac wine and to somebody's somebody's playlist or Grace or you know, like something that Creeps in it's just not the same. I hope people still find him and still like know who he is and did like I yeah, I was on I was on now on Instagram last night putting out little videos of the YouTube stuff that I was watching because like we were kind of saying earlier that like when we were growing up listening to him, you couldn't be access any of this stuff really, you know, unless you were maybe like ordering of the back of a magazine or whatever. Like I'm sure there were definitely much better fans and I there then I was but the whole kind of Jeff Buckley's quite a soft boy in his own way and that hold kind of Trope of soft boy and I was like, I wonder oh gee my goat cheese. Yeah like do and I don't mean that in a dislike to Stars you way. He has all the Hallmarks of like Timothy Charles May kind of thing. It's like dude has the youth copped onto the fact that he was you Theology and like what would happen if it will you relax? I don't want to be disrespectful as I don't I really don't mean it that way. I'm Jenny means like a sensitive guy and that's know a kind of a Trope the people are recognizing and I talked about the way but like Kurt Cobain and people who like likes were made sulfur by the by the in by the industry they worked and what how brutal it's become today. Yeah, you know, so interesting that that maybe Buckley what gave gave up the ghost of the first off boy. Yeah, and then there's a whole tender generation of like artists who have been like who perform that same thing publicly. I would love you to write about that. Yeah read I would be the shared a deep dive on. Yeah. Yeah really works out. Okay, we could probably talk about Jeff Buckley for I know I'm forever. Two pictures up. Yeah, I find Family attracted by the way. I just like just too young. He's very young. Although that said I went to little women with my mom. And as soon as he appeared on screen my mom's obviously not on Twitter doesn't know anything about standing or any things like, oh he's gorgeous so she can make that impression but you know the moms recognize the beauty of they beat Russia. Thank you so much. Like thank you this having so much fun. This is gonna tell us where we can find yourself. So you can find me on Twitter at the aforementioned ridiculous username sweet Oblivion 26 Oliver. I'm on Instagram the same and then I'm on the podcast get around to it with Lauren Murphy my friend and we're on Instagram, but we haven't updated in ages but on every lip and podcast thing that you can find and then my news stuff is on the journal Dottie and I occasionally throw straight up on the ferry dock on which stones but City Tavern vanity, really really good person I say for the Banshee okay, which issue of eventually was that it was maybe the third one. It was almost a red cover on and on the door there. Those are all published online. Now, they ask themselves if his journey with jazz music and singing you should definitely read that I think it's awesome. Cheers. Thank you anything. Sure Jeff walk. He probably got to mention. Yeah and her somewhere working in a local shop anyway does so thank you. Sorry. I'll stop no sir. Where can we find you at gritsky on Twitter at their graffiti on Instagram gone through aw. Don't know what this is coming out, but I'm going back to a real. Series Zine phase so this coming Thursday next week. So yeah keep your eye on my Instagram and my Twitter for more handmade postal business for under 3 Euro and McGwire where I can find you on the internet and I don't understand were everywhere and we're also given a dime-store pod on Twitter and just made a pot on Instagram. I have a patreon with bonus episodes. Yeah. Also, this is the first episode we've recorded since Rogue launch control. Rogue is a weekly publication that lands in your inboxes four pieces every week by different women contributors of all different kinds. We are a taking the place left behind by the shuttered women's magazines and hopefully carving new ground as well and sending quality. I'm not going to use the word content to your inbox because content is an ugly word peace quality pieces were women's journal for our subscription model because all of us believe in writer's Getting paid because of the the town of us who are working behind us and have all been working in the media for a long time and understand that there's a massive culture people writing for free which has to stop. So we asked our readers to pay for euros a month, which is about what you might pay for an issue of Cosmopolitan or an issue of tatler or anything. So, yeah for quit a month and you get four pieces a week into your inbox, so I think it's great having a great time and maybe some cherry is on board who's bruton's on board and 18 read. so if you're white if I go through the whole list of 10 women it's gonna sound nuts but lots of incredibly wise people from lots of different perspectives bringing cool Tings into your inbox cat seedling is writing about craft I'm writing about YouTube that's great wind up I've paid my job so I think you'd be Madonna for artwork thank you it's Cassidy Delaney for choosing the episode and listen to other tools has podcasts and hello so transport I miss you yeah that's it thanks everybody Collison Jeff Buckley bye