Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys. Without my okay. Okay. This is how you open it. Oh my goodness. I love you mother and love your father and We consider anima mea expected. I knew my wedding to be here not unexpected, but at least my expect Kenosha and this is nice because this is also this is also called that has been requested by one carpet, but I think his name is Daniel Bing. Yeah, so Natasha nah suggestion a good question on topic about moving out since I think I think he requests At this because alarm business during an eclipse naren Ahuja about being away from our parents about the in the lower. You don't miss episode. Yeah. I guess I'll be seeing you there personally. Shout out Gaylor and deniable are Dania now control Tech Solutions, Alabama friend. Knock down the lion friend Neil Adams. So remote that was in a non young podcast on Monday Wednesday Friday. And really your whole life and you're one of those people about million. Literally if you move out this is the first time you're going to move out. Mmm. I'll say I guess not knock away what they call this not go knock on them baby steps you but move out go. So when the first time I moved out technically was when I was 15, and that was when I move from this embellish to Manila to study in EST, so at this, That's a wrap. It wasn't because I had passed a bigger. I had baby steps apart of my training wheels or first I had my brother's with me and then afternoon three three years of living with them. That's when I moved out. Yeah, but then even then I had a roommate ya know what I'm sayin, but it was only this year working. Yeah, but it was only this year and I got on the horn and that I really lived alone, but then you know in between I was able I could say that I was able to add no to experience you moving out and guess in the independent living because Wireless I was paying for my bills. I was paying for a lot of things. I was making investment God. I know first experience of moving out this when I was 16. No, I don't know for college and then briefly for not be hit by a year, but Monica's parents call since not be the horn and leave of absence of a from college and then when I did Into a know my studies doctor Morocco and I think since then I grew up on my own kind of a medium college and a me cussing and that mucuna unpack Neva gonna be beeps Neva gonna Mojave. It's not pick up my bag. Um habits that was it. I literally became a new person to person. It's an awesome years goes to college. This is that do you know it does that and I think What catalyzes it is? Actually you living away from your parents because it you have you're forced to make decisions. I mean myself Panamanian see me remind you decisions Connor. It's a by Hindi connected the second column. A bag of soil and at the same time suddenly you're this person who's find this new District or city your home and yanagiya by. Oh, those are the things that we will be able to discuss will will touch on once we go to the minutiae gigging of moving but then after college my parents also decided for the better. Now, I move out cause a whole, you know, keep away from them. And then I mean aussiepanda how they want me to control my guinea pig the pain. Okay, maybe in this generation. We start kicking kids out of the house. I love my own it goes after Iris that they made all the kids come back. My brother still lives with my dad was not actually too fond of the idea. Really? Yeah, because under a very Province Boise puppy mmm, but my mom was like this again Magnavox Keller and para and Paloma Samina Hindi Magdalena perishables and Tulum salmon is examine the OK button challenge accepted so from basically from college, Onwards I did not live with my parents anymore. So I entreat inaho so it's not you're not their problem anymore. You're your problem anymore. But right now actually I'm in between Apartments so lucky to Laguna and the past few nights there it none of them include any bubbles are neela hmm the parent. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and also para una pelea we are actually do this at home, but attire Number two, so we made my gonna reacquainting myself, but also guessing you're not worth while mom got an answer by awful, but I don't think my brother is a bad back. It doesn't happy attention Hindi. Why the fuck are you back away at the same time T, but you already signed up for an independent life. There's no going back. I think in mom could deny illusion and enough or makes a suggestion Iraq since Lily potential in a back room behind. And you know what even it's so comfortable to live in a place that is rent-free imagine that read free and food in the fridge. Yeah. I think there's something about independence that I would not exchange for. Oh, yeah. Definitely. No, I'm good. Mmm good I'd rather struggle. Hmm if I don't get enough client, so anyway, see you. Let's go do this. I know what are the things we should consider well, P number one and assumed a confidential and in Athens. Yeah, National situation. Yes. Yes. I did not want to ask mum got my own belong that because that will affect a lot of things there. Yeah young people in Mumbai location. I don't Blessing by but also Papa's opinion General Factory now back a bit move about in the first place like for example, I moved out because because it was closer to uh, no, it was closer to UST the definitely if you're moving out because you need to it's closer to work because you having a non-parent come again commitment at home is taking its Muslim actual work more. So by animating it was a some Bhai is it'll be a money mobilization by is to look at them. Add the 1 billion among a blogger is not a bad space. Yes catalog and love the look and land literally in the deliver on the weekends. I said they move out not because they want a telegram. They really want to move out. Yeah, they really want to move basis the T-Pain Hindi Cinema GUI interprovincial are some people who like great people. These are not government forms a permanent fix. For a know when Lily Pad is number one you mean the rent. Is it something now you can Iquitos is someone but I know at least one for Technica takayama compensate the Hindi half because you have is a lot behalf is allocated for other things like Bill's apart from their den or email extraneous by add my goodness. So the me and you biggest Idaho advice go Linux a bizarre gonna do not rent something that is more than 30% of your income. Just do the advice. We're hauling Bongo know and then I suggest you take up room meets. Yeah, let me some money to start back move out by lat. I think that's a good baby step. Nah Macbeth space k or condo sharing and I think that adds conditioning wherein if you don't like having another person in the same room when you sleep at least you You could take a bedroom in a two-bedroom property in going on. There's my aunt in privacy Omega think itís apparent but you get a good location once kids Jen. the cingulum bundle Street on Monday That's a stupid reason. No, it's not stupid because of the nature of my work. I'm demanded to go from one place to another in a speed of time sometimes whether yeah, yeah. Yeah whether by choice or not, for example, they need to be in up' then after you be for example, for example, I have any event no matter the home one-and-a-half are no more gin. Yeah. Well, we love our MBA. Para, una magomed go for that event. I cannot commute. Yeah a boot in Korean. I can't commute nothing from you be to Mandaluyong then from Mandaluyong Mohammad. Hope I'm happy every day. Yeah. Yeah. I think what's crucial is that you find a place a cheaper place that is near a point of Transportation. Oh, my lap is a high-end to add like for example a perfect my son Eli no apartment could be for society even condo before Santa Mesa. Hmm. It was a nice place, but maybe problem there is must mihail. You wake up a punta sassicaia, Jessica Sasser can go back up' are you on track? It doesn't make sense for me to from LRT to cut the Pune and the component to you P36 pesos, but in gas to sing good answer. I know sir break is 80 pesos, but that doesn't fucking make sense. I know Hindi. Regulate you I know you massage my ankles and practical and Jeep now the regulation and Regulatory boards that I seek a city bus. That's why. Looking at this is a last apartment, but I want you on that post. Oh, but I'm in kind or you still walking distance to Canary Cassidy bad gym, or yoga hmm, someone exercise but a para la you're not the motivation. I mean, let's make shit easier that but must be laughs. It just happened. So now you're in the gihon opponent gonna walking distances to save more shout out to save more people. And what so and so I think for me that makes sense that is sufficient for me Killin efficient Cha-Cha practical and I think important in the rinse a Canon you my lap. It's a sock Ian. Hmm or ways of bullsháá. Yeah. Yeah. I've been at Lee that weighs about adubato Isabel. Shh. I said like that TV for like the first time for more info about the promos and Deals just visit pay my a.com slash deals and don't forget to use our bromine. Uh code could as Bay Maya thus kuv Azz paym Aya don't pay cash Bay Maya Maya meet alone at all any opinion you are like I know like how you handle a first and last but I'm priority no, okay location distance the school or work. Mmm then So Fran mmm, it showed a new interior so hot man Kappa being look your name price of friend and location 6 King along in barranco, pero La línea psycho psycho psycho in a typical Mega score is the commute and I try and earn an MBA. I don't worry too much. Oh, it's the least of my prayer priority because I can spice it up. But I what what comes we should have lunch later because when it comes down to it, I can economize them and I because I don't need much no man to you know, I know it As I Grew Older Union really score parent measure is this you started this grabbing Pac-Man. Marie kondo parent could eat it. I said covid-19 cannot be embarrassing color because like exhausted Latin. Damn it Co in just one week very Spartan Locke essentially living over right now. And then and when deeming when you miss Martin sparse Conte, okay, but nowhere is there is where is the bed there is the bed. Where is the plate? There is the blue. So more cannot consider more you moron and all functional functional necessities. And those are you so much better. Look location distance from work rent interior locations distance distance from work. Elmo said it has a disability penis in distance from work by no means am preparing covid Lon. Yeah, actually, but I'm copolymer not cycling bomb talk about Least of my worries that a young girl Say in any case I got accustomed and accommodating so I'm can sponsor us. Yeah. So you're in shock something of mine. Number one quiz price MSA money. You can be cooperating. It compromises the same time Mamma Mia and not an experienced gonna think some yoga poses and Luger na above my budget. Hmm, and then I really struggled to keep with it. Mmm, so budget, you know now, you know rain you play, you know, rent price and then location and by location, I mean the neighborhood. Oh, yeah, you know, I cannot be in a place where it's dodgy because I've lived. Ah, gee. I don't want those places anymore. Hmm cousin experience gonna shop for six years. So I But um, I've lived Hood I understand the hood. No, I'm over it my own I deserve a good life. So location at the same time young safety. Mmm, and then um proximity at my necessity this stencil work at the asean. I don't care about you my new differences. Not IND must allow you to Casa de Tous apartment, but for me if my sufficient can travel go from here to there because it was so much fun. Oh, then that's better for me. Mmm. You can soften your esophagus efficiency talaga how much time am I gonna spend getting lucky you and Jorge Posada. Has he been motor you see her number? Open system has artigas. So in turn says Hindi rain efficient. Yeah. But it doesn't mean it's not important. Oh, yeah, you just what I mean. The man has a it affects my mental health day Bonnie children who love seeing we and go at the same time, but I'm guessing, you know Apartments not just me, Mom. About that means getting up our 20s. I'm gonna die. No configuration space for Indigo chakra or entertainment greenshaw respective Apartments. Now, why didn't you behind? and cheapest No, I'm not not one rejecting heat. Aah sobbing. Yeah my smiling why concerning green, Omaha? But I still don't like it don't like it though. So he controls you can get a room window. Yes naturally lucky people. Bailey Wanna Go My Soul wanders sliding sliding window land ogun Ian / open sliding window living in a matchbox apartment before depressing. So yeah, it's so bright. So been depressing what a natural light sober and oppressing you. I mean you apartment going on while ensuring window that Opens directly to dino to the City Line better. It's okay because maybe natural light button up or Paso because they undercut that we go firewall. Yeah, but that's okay cause a youngster toss it pours through and they're still natural light socket and you know Hindi Kali Babu: but you know, you didn't go for those with mental illness apartment. No shade them into my apartment. That you can collect water tank deal with that. Yeah, so you Meneses it he's gonna fax appearance among the sauna whitewashed shh, or at least manage a company in Toronto my color acceptable your colors and Matata conduct internal purpose user Hindenburg Barack accident. Carl Jung said I don't know whole name Jake OSHA Barrow more than that must be so bad right now young people. Melina's longshaw ionomer running below because I'm a damning apartments in and damning palmitate doesn't even know when we say bills electricity. Wi-Fi too bad. Egg and the Bubba cleaning a mobile Wi-Fi board all the hot guys. I'm back next year because we are awesome at 1920 be tiny bladder. So I think a llama you go mono Systema. Well Montague in a bag and toe. I hate lines. Yeah, but Uncle you Coulda got go iron because that means Anna sistema course, I know I said being a freelancer die or sometimes. Sometimes you check a the in he didn't buy anything on time or inside. You can check him out Pala excited get a star in a systemic or is a little buddy take this bill can wait until the end of the month. This bill I have to work for tomorrow night. You're my goddamn bad guy. Yeah tapos marinade. Hello young female, which is about Nila is balikbayan bad. Yeah, you make Baker through pay and a skank a toupee merely baby. Yes one per hour. It's either one percent then person or fashion in Sun 100% bollocks am proposed made more sense of feeling during the weekend. And of course guy chambray use our code to figure out Islands that that's good that at the name is not good Dads Bay Maya. How do you spell cudas? Pay Maya thus kud Azz paym Aya there are things to Expect When You're preparing for moving out and you don't only have to prepare for the financial stuff. Oh, yeah, definitely working and all that. You also have to prepare emotionally and so the parking emotions emotions and the mental fortitude make question of whether you're going to realize her. Oh, so Hindi on there will be nights. You will wake up son up in my name. Hmm awesome the Hungarian so Hindi big sabihin emotionally by a subpoena Moroccan Arabic by emotional relationship. I think what we're talking about is that you because when you're moving at it's all exciting. Hmm. But I'm an independent woman independent all your children up in the air. This world is not enough. When the bills are high when you get up go out where you cannot go out when you cannot go home to your parents that on a superb into Scylla and then you cannot go home. So when the bills outweighs your and a monthly salary on skinny and you're left to your own devices unit on adults and I think yeah. Yeah the by a parent or something daily. Nah Strong women are created by the storms they survive. So for me, it's the same way with adulting. Hmm. You are actually created as an adult with the storm to survive yourself. So bottom Yuma bills. That's one thing surviving the bills. Now it can it's a cyclic. It's a vicious cycle of surviving Wheels, but it's also another thing to actually survive aloneness. Yeah, yeah Solitude Solitude and here because even if you have roommates you lie on your own pillow you sleep with yourself, but I'm done materialized companion and I think that would actually contribute a lot on how you actually become an adult. Doc. Yeah, because if you think back at you punch China and then became a dad and well-rounded them and I don't know it don't take no one is immune from this may be your well-rounded because you have well-rounded parents when they're no longer inside, but I see no car as a person. Yeah. Yeah, but they think it's also it's also the what if they were exciting parts of also moving out. It's learning yourself outside the Spectrum or outside doing the periphery Nana. Of your family and also developing your own tastes. Yeah. Yeah, not just your own sleeping patterns, but when you know when I got when I went home, especially like for example my longtime a whole is a zambales like Christmas break. Yeah or Holy Week break Megan. Yeah. No one become exists a kind of forget human that in having bad patterns as a family and a longer Drive in with same. So but at the same time I wouldn't have it any other way because I think my years of living alone or living independently has truly contributed to the person that I am today, especially having to survive all those problems with on my own devices. Hmm. I think that's the most fun part of it. So are you not habit Bhai, but when I mean cappuccino episode Natasha random encounter behenna happy moving out is to it. I am happy moving out. You know, there's Thomas Bennett was happening today. This is just the tip of the iceberg. No, no, actually, we just realized kanina when we were doing this could that there's so many things we could discuss about this, but I'm a bot Obama never know but have we could expand this tables or a little makes a grab? Things with your parents people, but when I actually moved out and I had to pull all my shit out of my parents house. Yeah, it was so existential fully moved out and when I came back with some ballast in my old room was given May nice. Oh old older and my new old room cassette eventually a good about the hundreds aluminum and then sue me, but I was a single room in by using that the control room before a hundred College looking but they're gonna oh my god daddy video to decide on a film about this, but I'm coming of age when I forgot which one But it apparently the the child or adult child National adult kid known parent but um the moment I realized my mom already. Let me go it's when I no longer came to a house that had my bedroom. Yeah nahin a bedroom, you know if I could we go it's the same bedroom. No, but we happy now whoa, but I'm gonna wait for other purpose, but one God The old rooms our guest room Ghana, but whenever I go home, they have to set things up Mmm Yeah, that's better now than what for me. That's that's fine. I say that they visited uncle Oh my God, I'm turning to that point and I'm looking forward NE BBC taxonomy a pasilla Naboo me see that. Yeah, that's okay. You're never ready whether you're forced to or not at one point. You're going to have to make that active deliberate decision. I know I'm moving out that way you made. The I think Union being very important dog. No. No, I'm going to move out. I need to move out. I don't want to but I need to uh, because my life has to continue in its own terms. Yes. Yes that way whether amen goes good or bad. Hmm. If come to whether it's your decision. Yeah, because that's I think that's the first step into making it to becoming an adult because you don't become an adult simply by just moving out if you become an adult when you start making this Decisions for yourself and the consequences whether good or bad you face it yourself saying you suck. I'm good. I am occupied by Comerica. Use the hashtag hashtag question mark copied by and of course, thank you to podcast Network Asia and shout out to Michael Affiliates not Mississippi and a and you can visit pnas website to also check out our coffee lids and listen to them and we'd also like to thank Wii remote co-working spaces for me. Please were in all of this shit Hazel. Come visit us or come visit the place here at Metro walk. Yes. I am a copied by thank you for listening guys. This is Martin Cyrus. This is huge and you listen to thank you so much for joining us in this episode. You can also find us on Twitter Instagram and Facebook at good day sirs. That's KU the a c-zer esse.