Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like toddler or like middle school or like I guess whatever you want to share cart favorite cartoon. I really liked Hey Arnold. Okay. I liked Rocket Power. I liked SpongeBob. You want to let me watch SpongeBob toes a little bit older. So you really like a Nickelodeon kid growing up. Well, no because I also really like Disney Channel original movies like John Cena me, but if you're asking cartoons, I feel like Nickelodeon was stronger in the cartoon world Disney was stronger in like the TV shows and like the movies. Yes. Did you watch Fairly OddParents? Yes. I loved fairly odd. Yes and Danny Phantom had a crush on him. Okay, Eric from the little Made was my biggest crush when I was little basically. You can't say you had a crush on the Dizzy prison. I just had a crush on Danny Phantom from Nickelodeon. Thanks Shelby. That's fun. So today we're kind of going off the cuff. No script and right before we hit record. We're like What do we talk about? And we just came across like a topic. Kind of randomly and we're going to see where it goes. I have no idea where it's gonna go. Do we have a timer going? Oh, yeah right here. Cool. Well, thank you for joining us for another episode of Girls Club. If you are driving keep your eyes on the road if you are working out we need to be working out with you too. But thank you so much for tuning in. I know we have a lot of people who actively listen every week. So thank you so much for continuing to listen and tune in and share with your friends and family. It means so much to Shelby and I We're in like multiple countries now, which is super crazy. So if you're listening you're in Australia or crayons, France. Yeah, Callie, what's up, Cali? Well, um, so yeah. So today we are going to talk about our biggest fears and friendships. Don't don't no no and I feel like we could get super deep or we could get like oh, this is what I'm comfortable with sharing and sharing with the world or we can really challenge ourselves like get deep, but I Could be cool to like open up that conversation. Are there any anything that comes to your mind? Like when we just say like fears and friendship? Is there anything like Pops to your mind immediately? Yeah, right when we said it right before the my gosh. My heart's like thumping. It's like yeah, it's like how do you do I want to go and I think anytime I want to anytime I'm speaking. I want it to be authentic from a place of vulnerability. So I have a confession to make like maybe a month ago. I Eyes that I am a six on the ideogram. So we need to change our intro we'll work on that but our not 7 twinsies. No, I'm so sorry, but I am like heavy Wings 7. So it makes sense why I thought I was a seven and it's all about self-discovery. So if you're exploring the Enneagram and you feel like you need to change your number or you feel like it didn't resonate it's okay, you don't you can definitely change but in for anyone who does not any agree I'm as real quick. It's just a personality. They don't say test, but it's really similar. It basically helps you understand how you see the world and how you respond to things. It's not to put you in a box, but it's to help you understand more like how you respond to things and how you know, it also helps show you if you're healthy or unhealthy by like how you respond to certain situations and how you view things and how you communicate. Yeah, so Shelby and I thought we were both Sevens in the 7z enthusiasts like really optimistic scatterbrained somewhat naive, you know, they enjoy and celebrate. Yeah and fears pain like fears any kind of negative emotion. That's just kind of like the gist and Shelby's a six which is the loyalist or the questioner. Okay, and it makes sense that like that was a mistake because they're close to each other. So it's like on a circle the how the in your grill marks 1 through 9 and the numbers Our next to each other so sometimes you can think you're one number but you're actually the one next to it. So Shelby's a six with a wing seven meaning she has a lot of seven similarities and I'm a 7 with a wing 8. So I have a lot of eight Summers. It is a challenger which I'm you know, kind of proud tablet. I would wait really it's really interesting and there's so many great like resources out there. Like I love Enneagram simple. It's a like a cartoon book and so it makes everything it breaks everything down of Like your biggest fears or how you like your work ethic looks like and every different number and why I started off with saying that is because once I realized that I had a lot of similarities as a 6 it made me go like Aha and so one of my one thing that I do a lot is after I leave any interaction I sit and I question and I go through just all these different scenarios of if I said something wrong. or if I made someone feel this way, like I drive away from any situation flooded with thoughts of how people perceived me from what you just experienced with what I just experienced and one of like one of the things that a six or me, I guess, you know, what must stop saying to six how much they me for me something that I realized is that I am constantly worried that like the true me will be revealed and Won't actually love me. Hmm. And if you know me or you're getting to know me, I'm one of those people that I'm like joyful typically always in group situations. Like I'm a total extrovert and so right when I get with people, I'm like, whoo. Oh, this is so much fun like and I don't typically wear my emotions on my sleeve like you have to dig deep one-on-one with me to actually know what's happening. And so being that type of person of I have to always have a smile on my face people. Like I don't want to interrupt a fun event to explain something that had happened before so sometimes I'm like, well if people actually knew the stuff I was dealing with would they actually still be my friend and that's such a lie that I've been like walking through and something actually Angie and I talked about last night is that I need to talk more like about what's happening in my life and picking up the phone and like Dean of my trusted people in my life and just going deep into it. Like hey like this is a lot and I just have to go through what I'm thinking instead of I think yes prayer and journaling is a very healthy expression of dealing with my emotions, but then sometimes I just go like, okay, that's it. Like I'm done. I'm good. And then everyone around me doesn't actually know and I'm doing them a discredit, but I definitely think like my big fear is like if they really knew me would they I really still love me and so it just limits how I interact and it's been really challenging for me to be like no like show up all the way. Hmm show up all the way. Yeah, that's was the first thing that came to my mind. I can totally resonate with that like in a sense where if you were to imagine your life as like a pie or pizza and you slice it up like evenly and like each slice was like something different like school work family like Ever like different areas in your life like Ministry or whatever your kids or so on and so on. I realize a couple years ago that I would only open up to people with like just a few different slices, but I would never open up about the other ones and so it masked it and it made it seem like I was always open and vulnerable but people didn't know is like I was holding off like a mature like 70% of what else I'm going through but I'd only let them get really deep in these things. And usually those things are things. I felt moderately comfortable talking about so like for me it was like relationships like I'm such an open book if you want to know my past relationships and like, you know what I how I currently see relationships and all that stuff like I'm in a book. I'll talk about it all day long for some people that's like hard so it came off to some people like wow, she's really open. She's really vulnerable and trusting and I'm like, yeah, but you'll never hear me talk about like my inability to Ready to process like negative emotions and like other things in life. I guess that are I'm actually really insecure about like how I care about how people see me or past like experiences with friends. Like I've never talked about negative experiences with friends like as openly and it's because of that like what you're saying in that like if I show people everything will they still accept? Me so yeah, like it's that it's that all sums from the same thing you're talking about in like if I share with everyone everything but I'm like feeling are they going to accept me? And are they still going to want to be my friend and it's hard because people want to become your friend because they see something awesome about you, you know, they're like, you're so good at this and you do this and you do this, I want to be your friend usually people are attracted to the positive things about you. Yeah, which is why they want to be our friends. So it makes us think I have to keep up all the Is positive things for them to want to still stay my friend? They don't know these other things I struggle with if I were to tell them they may not want to be my friend because they didn't know that when they first saw me and got to know me. So I think that is definitely like I relate with that fear. I started seeing it though as a filter for good friends and bad friends or not bad friends, but good friends and people who aren't supposed to be friends. So I saw that as a filter where it's like open up to people and be Fearless. And it will filter out the people who this is God speaking. Like it'll filled out the people who like I actually want to be in your life and who I don't and the people who like aren't willing to accept you for everything that you are like, they don't need to be in your life. Yeah, and they're not meant to be your friend and that's okay. But pay attention to the ones who are still sitting there knowing everything that you have been through and still love you. Yeah, and also accept that like when you open up people might start to see you differently like that's natural, you know. It's okay. Give them the opportunity to still accept you even them knowing all this stuff that is really vulnerable and hard to share. Hmm. Definitely. I was thinking too that I struggle to within friendships of I lost it. I was thinking of it and then I told myself to actively listen, so I stopped she got like a mind dump. Well mine don't like stop thinking of that. Oh, I remember there we go. She'll be with her brain farts. Oh my gosh, I forgot again. Oh my God, show me so much. like that, and then I screw it this You don't record me like forgetting known to do been crying. I got it. Okay, everyone I got it. Okay, that was the major brain fart, but it came back to me and not we cut out how long it took her to Remember by the way. So the editing that a diversion you're going to hear that is like she remembered fast. She didn't you dip sitting here for a few minutes. It's my mind looking up in the sky. That was funny. I struggle with thinking or wondering if I'm a good enough. And so I will either look to Pinterest of what a good friend looks like or I'm praying and or getting super consumed with what I'm personally doing in my life. And then I have this moment where like it hits me and I think it hit me this week because I was sick for a week that I didn't connect or see anyone for a whole week, but I have this moment last weekend and I even think it was when you and I were serving together at church. You're like I miss you and I was like, oh my gosh. I miss you too. And I realized I haven't put in any work and I had to make sure that I didn't get into like this shame cycle of like you're not a good friend. You didn't check in like you need to schedule everyone in like you need to reach out to everybody. And so I was thinking about it today and I was like Lord like a my good friend. Like am I am I living up to your expectation or am I creating my own expectations of what I should do? Like does do I have to is it like checking in with everybody? Is it doing activities? Like what does it look like in my own head of how I personally can be a good friend to each individual friend that I have and then and then in a group like it my scheduling time or am I making it aware? That's like I want to spend time together. And so I like reached out to a few people that I was like, I really miss and I need to spend one-on-one time. Time doing fun things with them but like I guess it's not necessarily a fear and friendship, but it is something that I think about a lot like because relationships and friendships means so much to me that I hold them out of high standard. So I want to make sure I'm putting my hundred and ten percent in to show up and and I don't think a lot of people know that that I'm like thinking thinking that like am I a good friend did I or am IA bad? And it was that bad or should I have called or should I so yeah. Yeah, I'm glad I came to that. Yeah. No, I again resonate with that too. Because I have I don't know that anyone has ever told me I'm a bad friend, but I feel like I am and they're too scared to tell me like that's something that's hard and I like I think I said it to you and Dylan recently around like hey, there's something I need to improve on. Please tell me because the thing is is like I I'm going to add my own blind spots and if there's areas I need to improve in like I need to be known in my friends are going to have a different perspective than I do and I tend to be a little more optimistic about myself. So it's like that's what we're kind of different because I'm like I did the best I can and like actually did a pretty good job on that and like I'm actually kind of proud of myself for that but also not like I'd never want to be prideful and so that's why I'm I just pray that my friends can always Call me out not just like stuff for me. But like how I can be a better friend to them. And I think I need to just like keep reminding my friends. Like hey, like let me know please like I know it might be a tough conversation to have but like let me know how I can be a better friend to you or if I didn't do this, right or like and actually the one that's coming in. My mind is like Emmanuel did that once like our friend Emmanuel like he let me know. There was one situation where like I didn't follow up with him about something that he asked for prayer for or I brushed it off or something like that. I can't remember but like I didn't respond well and he was like created enough to let me know and that meant a lot and also showed me that like, oh wow like he cares so also shows that like if you're able to cut like call it a friend in a loving way, which doesn't mean like it's going to sound nice like sometimes it's going to be hard to like let someone know the truth, but you can still do it do it lovingly. Or out of love it. Let's that person know like hey, I really care about you to the point where like I want to improve with you and I want to help you improve as well. So that's something for me to like. I feel like I am like a bad friend, but my friends don't don't me like, I don't know why I think it's I don't know why I don't know where that comes from then like I definitely want to think about that more but that's one thing for me another one. I'll share one because I feel like you've been sharing their Them is friendships coming to an end is like definitely one. I'm like so afraid of because all my friendships have come to an end except for like a few childhood friends or like my one of my high school best friends. We're still friends than my childhood best friend. We're still best friends. So but it's like my adult friendships have come to an end at some point except for a few of them. Actually. I take that back. I take that back just like a few friends have come to And but when one comes in and it feels like they've all come yet. It's like we're still talking about it. I'm like all of them and I'm like wait, I'm still friends with them and them and them and them and them and them okay, never mind. I think it's like coming to the end of a friendship with a best friend. I think is definitely really hard. It's like a relationship, you know, like there's a lot you invest there's soul ties aren't just between like people like lovers like it's also between people that you know, and like like your friends so that is like really hard. and a fear that I walked into I walked with that fear walking into our friendship with Shelby and I was like don't get attached don't get attached like like hold off on some areas don't like, you know, I was really holding back in the beginning and then I was like, you know what like I'm gonna give my all and if it ends like I can trust that it ending like with good reason and as long as you and I are always there to serve each other And like seek God first, then like we're doing it the right way, you know, and if it ends it's like by his good good. Will that friendship will come to an end. Yeah, but I can also hope and believe in pray that it won't come to it. Yeah. So yeah, that's like definitely a fear for me and it's definitely like like I just said it's prohibited my ability to like open up to someone is fear that like, oh like this friendship is probably going to end like sooner than later. Yeah. So that's like one that came to my head. Yeah, we're drinking. I've felt that before too and I think we talked a little bit about it everyone. I bought us the sweatshirts. Yeah, because I like our God is like an eternal God and His like the way he does thing is he does things is in eternity and we talked a little bit about what does it mean to be like an eternal friend and I realized I walked into every relationship wondering when it was going to end and I was like, wow, I'm setting it up for failure like that. Such to me L like that is such a terrible mindset for me to be like, oh, you know, this is this too shall pass this will end also. Yeah and you try to like Comfort yourself. Yeah or happens and I'm like, oh if I do that is this is this what the last straw is going to be like like, oh my gosh this conflict we're done like I'm just gonna walk away now. Yeah, and I realized I was like, no I I can't live like that. Like I need to be like this friend is worth everything. It's worth the risk of putting myself out. Out there again. Yeah, because like I don't want to live my life out of fear. I want to live my life out of faith. And that's how I always do my decisions. I'm like, okay, there's either fear or faith and whatever it's going to take to stretch my faith. Then I've got to do it and then even something to as you were talking I was thinking about like friends in Ministry and we kind of talked with Bianca and Megan about that sometimes like for me to compartmentalize friendship and Ministry. Is hard sometimes I'm like if I don't show up in Ministry is this going to completely like roll into our friendship if I can't do something on a Ministry level or show up in this way or if we have conflict how is this going to affect our friendship? And so sometimes I'm like I can walk on eggshells like I'm scared if I do this wrong or if I If I don't say yes to this like what is it going to look like with any of my friends at we do ministry together or if I say no, is that going to affect our friendship and I just had to stop I had to almost like compartmentalize and just be like, how do you trust God? I need to stop like overthinking that it's the things I do and why people love me like it's not about that. Yeah, and I think that's a big thing that I've resonated with is if your friendship is based on what you can constantly do. For them then I would question it because I do believe we should serve each other but it shouldn't just be based off of like what can you do for me? It should be like a mutual back and forth. Yeah. Yeah, but like it just feels or sounds like you're like working to earn something. Yeah, you're working to like earn someone's love and and I know that like, sometimes we can see our relationship with God that way where we feel like I have to do ministry for God to love me. A I have to obey him for him to love me. I have to do this. This is for him to love me and I feel like once we have Security in knowing that like that's not how God is I feel like it gives us freedom in our friendships to her. Like, you know, maybe the I mean the person isn't God so like they're not going to have that unconditional love for you like he does no one's going to meet his love but it helps for your mind of feeling like you need to do something in order to earn something from someone or you need to do something to like feel loved and Some people think friendships are that so some people like if you don't show up for me, do you really love me, you know, like some people see things that way. Yeah. I feel like that shouldn't be like the basis or Foundation of your friendship. It should be in unconditional love like I don't need anything from this person to love them. I don't need them to be there for me in order for me to want to be there for them. And I feel like that's like the foundation of a healthy friendship is when that is mutual. Yeah, you know, sometimes people find themselves in friendships where that's One way where it's like only one person thinks that so it feels like all you have to do is give this and give that in order for them to accept you. But anyway, like I just feel like I don't know I just felt like wow, I feel like that's something people carrying their relationships with God and like I know that breaks his heart because he's like, all I have is love for you and nothing you can do can make me love you more or less. Yeah, and that's the kind of friend. That's the kind of love. We should try to model in our friendships, you know, where I'm like, she'll be like, yeah, I needed you and you weren't there. I still love you and like I don't I don't need that in order for me to like love you and appreciate you as a friend. Does it make me feel loved like yes, but like I don't need that kind of thing. So, yeah, I totally I totally feel that one and for me I use that as a filter to like filter out people in my life who like it's just a one-way function where it's like they just want all these things for me show up for me. I need this. I need this. Can you pick me up? Can you send me money for this and I found myself in and friendships like that. I was constantly giving and giving and I thought that's what a friendship was in. My mom told me she was like, when does when is she ever there for you? Yeah, when is she ever help you out? When is she ever pick you up? And I'm like, wow, she doesn't have a car and she doesn't have a job and my mom is like an just like this isn't a healthy friendship and I was like, oh my gosh it is and I didn't realize it and ever since then all I noticed was like every interaction was like her wanting something from me and I was like what's going to happen? If I say no in the more I said no like the less. I heard from her so and it's yeah, it sucks. But it's like you don't want to continue down a road with someone whose mind sets like that. See I think that's like a solid one. Another's anything else coming to mind for you. Like that's a lot and I mean, yeah, there's so much more. I feel like we could unpack within each of those and if you're listening, I just pray that like we spoke to something so you understand that like you're not alone and we totally get it and if you have a fear that like we didn't talk about there's probably so many fears people carrying friendships. If I think like the encouragement is that you can surrender that to God and talk through it with him and talk about your fear to somebody that's one thing like been a theme this week among my friends is like vocalizing things like bringing things to light and my friend said this to me just before I came over here to record. This is and she remind me like in Scripture. It says when you confess things here brothers or sisters you receive healing so it's like if you're struggling with a fear like go to one. Pastors are your best friend or that person you have that fear with and say like hey, I'm fearing this right now. Like can you help bring truth to it and vocalize it and talk about it. And I think that's the number one way. We can squash our fears is just talking about it and realizing like I was saying like I'm fearful of my friendship sending it as I was saying that I realized like that's only happened a few times. But since it was living in my head it made it seem like every friendship I've ever had has come to an end. So yeah, thank you for for sticking with us and enduring Shelby's brain for me so good. Yeah, but you can find us on social media Our Girls Club. And again, we pray that this episode blessed you and if there's any fears you have we would love to talk to you like reach out to us on Instagram and we are not experts but we want to be your friend. We want to like hear what you're going through. We've had girls reach out to us because of this podcast who've opened up about situations. They're in Has enabled us to be there for them and help them walk through stuff so know that you're not alone and thank you again so much for tuning into this episode. We love you. Have an amazing day. Love you.