This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety.This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank everyone in the Showbiz though Community for helping us reach 26 thousand downloads. We're very excited. I encourage all of you guys to start a podcast yourself and spread the message of recovery. I use an app called anchor and anchors free anchor has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone to computer and anchor will also distribute your podcast to Apple and Spotify and all Age of platforms you can make money from your podcast and it's everything you need in one place download the free Anka app or go to Anka dot f m-- the get started. Thank you. Hello, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the sobers. Don't podcast. I'm your host. Pop you Cannon and I am checking in with the community today to let everyone know that you are on the right track and do not give up if you are doubting yourself at This point if you're having a rough patch in your life, if you know, you're experiencing any loss any grief any doubt in any way just know that you know, Cloudy Skies pass and sometimes we may feel discouraged by life, but it's very important to not give up and to just remember that things passed and that you are on the right track sometimes. Going to be set back. Sometimes it's going to be things that make you doubt your journey, but just hang in there. It's really about remembering why you started remembering what love really means and keeping being mindful of the people that you love being mindful of your self love and self respect and making sure you take care of yourself. I'm not putting too much pressure on. On yourself, that's also important and just enjoying life. It's about enjoying life. And it's also about taking care of business and making sure that you find the strength to be kind to others is very important lately. I had a few losses in the family. And one thing I could say is that when it's all said and done people is not going to really talk about your success. What you did they never really going to talk about that. They're not going to talk about too much. They're going to talk about how you made them feel what type of person you were and these are the things that we can hide or lie about you know, when when you're no longer hair the way people remember you that's your True Legacy is rare that you see people at, you know service is something talking about how much money a person had or how much properties they had or no one ever talks about that people only remember if you was a good person if you showed love if you have love and that's reality so that put things in perspective for me that it's all about really making sure you take care of your business. You love yourself you be kind to others and don't put too much pressure on yourself. Why because in life, there's always going to be ups and downs. It's always going to be things and hurdles and obstacles. But at the end of the day, it's just how you perceive the problem. It's how you perceive the reality that's going to make the big difference in your life. You know, you shouldn't let anything get you into a space where you're so sad or depressed to where you're hurting yourself emotionally. Nationally, so just remember to love yourself and take it easy and always bring it back to a perspective. You know today is a day where someone was born somewhere in the world and it's also day with someone may have passed away somewhere in the world. You never know what your day and when your number is called. So with that reality we have to all try our best just to appreciate life and accept life on its own terms. And although we're going to work hard. Although we want to be successful though. We want to get the bag and we want to win big. You know, I always talked about winning big. It's also important to remember to take it easy to put things in this perspective to love a little laugh a little and have some fun for everyone out there in the recovery Community. I give you guys so much respect and love we we fight every day we get up and It's another day, you know the bills keep coming, you know, the pain is probably still there. Some cases you have a lot on your plate. A lot of us is playing catch-up form our diction. And you know what you're you're right on track you're right on time and I just wanted to give you guys a message today that no matter where you are. You're right on time if you're still struggling in your addiction and you're thinking about recovery and you thinking that in your You want to stop this but you don't know how you're right on time because it all starts from a thought it all starts from a yearning and a warranting and as long as you're thinking about being a better person and improving your life. You took the first step. So ladies and gentlemen, just don't give up stay in the fight. Have fun and Brace it laughs a little bit more take that vacation, you know go out more and and and and walk more take care of yourself and love yourself. The last thing I want to say is ladies and gentlemen. Try your best to look into a healthy nutrition plan. That could be the difference from a lot of us losing our lives to later on. So, you know for me, you know, I just turned 40 so next 10 years how I take care of myself. It's going to make the big the biggest difference right? So I really urge you guys to Practice healthy thoughts be mindful of the food you eating, you know really take care of yourself really, you know, try your best to walk a lot exercise a lot. If you could minimize your stress work with a healthy diet, you know get a lot of good food inside of you and that doesn't mean you can't have fun doesn't mean you can't have snacks doesn't mean you can't have cake or the things you like, but make them treat and put them in a perspective. Only reason I'm mentioning this is because I want us all to have fun, but also live a long time and we don't need to be dying in our 50s and 60s and 70s because of lifestyle choices. We could make the difference today you could change immediately overnight. So definitely and pass the message along to your loved ones. All right, because I want us all to live long beautiful lives and part of the so bestow podcast is we had the coverage to beat our Prediction that means we could do anything and that doesn't mean we should stop with our addiction. We should change our diets change our mindsets exercise. Love more pray more meditate more and embrace all you know, a higher vibrational life. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, I'm your host. Pop you Cannon you're right on time. This is just a word of love and encouragement today on the show, but it's told podcast. I love you all. We're going to have a few series. I know it's been about a week since our last episode. I just was dealing with some personal issues and I just wanted to get the podcast some time to breathe. I'm very active online. We just drop the spring collection for the sober is dope apparel brand, which is very exciting and got a lot of cool stuff. We dropped a lot of videos. We got the younger generation involved which is one of the goals of the So bestow podcast is to bring the Next Generation along. So if you follow me you can see online. I've been posting a lot of cool videos with younger kids and you know trying to get them when the clothes and stuff like that and just trying to spread that vibe to the Next Generation, right? So, you know, and other than that, I'm rapping we wrapped up the book and I'm excited about that and I urge you guys to create just fine your creative calling and never stop creating. You know, it's very important for your life and for yourself fulfillment to have something that you're working on whether it's a project a hobby whether you're building something you're planning something you're writing something you're drawing something no matter what find your creative expression and and make that part of your everyday. It really makes a difference. So I love you all and I urge you to be great Bhai. Happy and remember be kind to other people love other people turn the other cheek try to forgive where you can try to forgive and where you can't then just move on and Grace. I'll catch you guys on the other side. I know it's late. I shouldn't I need lipstick wonderful sister. sleep it's lay with known each other to see you.