Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that heFumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One Stop Shop, but you know if you would see well you can't see because you have the script but if the people at home could see the script that I'm working off of they could and while I'm going to Fumble what I'm saying is because I'm trying to fill in the gaps and I'll tell you something it for today. They can see this scratch paper that I'm working with right here at a you call it a script I've got I have got some scribbled handwriting that I can't read and basically if people think this is scripted or confused. Yeah. Well, I've got a piece of well, I've got on my computer screen but it says episode 96 script so it's the official scratch. Now let me it's go ahead go ahead. I want to make another well, I was gonna say we're coming up on episode 100. I mean we got four more to go. We should be polished purse professionals by now and folks. Let me tell you what this is really about. All right. So about somewhere around the time maybe a little bit before we went to Vegas in January for the SHOT show. I popped off to Hans and I said that he was the executive producer of the late night vision show now. I take it very seriously check it extremely seriously. I mean it would kind of be like if you went and you visited the White House and President Trump was like Hey, you want a president for the day and you took him seriously and like went and sat down in his chair and for the feet up on the desk Hans took it extremely seriously, and it was really just kind of more. Figure of speech. Well, I was fine with that. But in my lack of vocabulary and you know comprehension, I thought that executive producer was was a step below the guy who is actually in charge. So I thought that's still left me some room. And so I was like, okay that's fine. He can be executive producer. But I've got the ultimate say somewhere, you know, I've got a I got a cover with a title and so I started looking at FM like Executive producer kind of has all the say so he's ran with that man. I mean he's taking the reins and know he Hans is the guy who does have the ultimate say in kind of what we're doing because he's the guy who edits the video so that it suited him. So I have finals right now saying he puts our we both record our video and audio separately and because we're you know two hours apart, so I sent in the stuff he puts it all together and Then he sends me screenshots of me making stupid faces and threatens to put it out on social media and blacks blackmails me if I don't like sending more Scopes and stuff. So yeah, I've got a whole I've got a whole folder. Yeah, it's great. I love it. It is it's the only joy that I get from editing these videos is freezing Jason's face and some Goose goofy posts. But yeah, and I and then I forward it to all of our wives exactly makes fun of but it's that's the only joy again, but hey, Hey, so last week we had the review of the AGM ASP TM 35 - 384 I posted a video on Instagram under the Han ztx account as well as the late night vision show account of the thermal monocular and me walking which surprisingly took a couple takes to get because they kept walking off camera, but but of me walking out to 50 yards all the way out to 300 yards and the video turned out really well. So if you're wondering about some video on that you haven't got a chance to to see it anywhere else. You can check it on Instagram. I know Jason probably be posting it soon on Facebook as well be on the outdoor Legacy gear Facebook page as well. So we definitely a sin has to free minutes to do so have a post-test and that has to do anything anywhere in a while. But yeah, but yeah we will and so we've had a lot of people asking about those units we did a full review last week. We do have them in stock. They are Sitting on the Shelf ready to roll great units Hans is still using one right now and cut it for a week. Then. It's been great. Yeah, it's very good units and one more thing. I know we've got to talk about this because my theory is is that I know a lot of people don't like to hear our small talk. I mean there's some guys that just come on the show. They want to hear the review and I get it there. They're in for the the info and out. They're not regular listeners. I totally understand that but we have other people who do listen every week. But I just kind of figure that you know in the beginning where we're Jibber jabbering and shooting the bow, like we've been doing here. Some people aren't listening. They're tired of it. We get to the end or wrapping things up with a figure a lot of people just turn it off. Well, so towards the very end of the show. I popped off and and made a little teaser about the $500 AGM thermal monocular and Our comments are emails have blown up with people who heard that and want to know more about it and we were really I was a spur-of-the-moment tease because I thought nobody be listening. So that was a mistake. Now. I know there there are some people who listen towards the end all the way. Yeah. I had a text message from a buddy 10 minutes before we started the show that said $500 monocular and Tina tonight before we started 10 minutes ago and wanted to hear How does it look? Well it was talking about it. But yeah, everybody's wanting to know the most comments that we've had so far is about the $500 monocular that you mentioned in minute 44 of the of a 49 about 45 minute podcast, right? Yeah. Exactly. Well, here's what I'll say about it. I'm not going to give you a full review of it tonight. We will be doing that in the future but a and I just fix the other name wrong. AGM AGM was kind enough to send us one of the demo units of that and we did use it. We had it a couple weeks or longer three weeks may be very impressed with it for the money. We will be coming back when they're available right now. AGM is saying April May. So somewhere in that timeframe, we will begin doing a pre order list because I've had people call and say hey can Throw money down on one we will be doing that. The price is going to be right around that $500 Mark give or take and basically what I can say is this it's really a good unit. It's not a toy it is is it going to replace an axiom on a like these the the TM 35 that we know these ASP from AGM a helion? No, but what it's really good. For is a guy who's got a scope and maybe he's got a you know, a sightmark wraith or a digisight or some kind of a digital scope. He wants some kind of thermal or maybe you know, maybe you got a thermal scope and it's just like I do not have the funds to buy, you know, 1500 2500 dollar thermal monocular. I think this is really going to be a legitimate option for you, and I'm just going to go ahead and tell you. We'll talk more about it when we review it when that time comes but I am already purchasing other similar priced thermals out there that Hans and I have both seen in the past but we want to be able to compare it, you know again fresh on our minds. That's one thing we really like to do is when we compare it to something we want to have a good comparison of it and not something that I remember. Two years ago when I look through it. So I am once again blowing money. I have I have right now A Fleer Scout TK that I've had 50 people say all that AGM unit is a flare Scout TK. Well, guess what and seen one in a while. I knew exactly what they looked like, but your you have enough people that start telling you things and you go. Well, maybe maybe I bought one. I'm going to end this whole conversation. On this it blows a Fleer Scout TK out of the water. So trust me on that but that is something we'll be talking about very very soon. As soon as they're available and get closer that release date will be doing a review of them, but I'm excited about yes. So we got a chance to both use it for a little while. We got a lot more. Yeah, you know speaking of a lot more time. Yeah speaking of that right now. I'm going to hold this up if you're watching on YouTube. This is a AGM ASP micro TM. Look at the model. So don't screw this up. Yep. 384 the other one is ATM 160. So 160 resolution. This is a 384 resolution. Very good image quality on this unit. To be honest with you. I'm underprepared. I don't know this is not available yet. I don't have my price sheet in front of me. I want to say it's going to be I want to say fourteen fifteen hundred dollars somewhere around that give or take very nice unit. It is extremely similar to the 160 just a higher resolution, but it looks very similar. So if you want to know what it looks like that's going to be it very small very lightweight. So again, that's just another little tease will be talking about this unit as well down the road once they're available. Yeah. We'll definitely start talking about a more once they're in stock at outdoor Legacy gear. So stay tuned and we'll be doing that. so also Jason a lot of people been asking about the gist didge x's and I know that we're soon to have some in our hands for testing and we'll be having those in stock it outdoor Legacy as well so the did Jax that is the if you don't know what Hans is talking about the Pulsar did Jax in 450 that is the digital night vision rifle scope that is in the 30-millimeter aluminum housing of the pulsar thermi on thermal rifle scopes so you throw that thing up on a desk and it's going to look just like a thermi on but it is a digital night vision scopes going to be 1199 retail price and by the time this show airs in a couple days those will be in stock for sale on the Shelf the shipment is as of right now already in my warehouse waiting to be checked into Then Tory so Hans and I will have those in our hands and the next 36 to 48 hours and will begin testing those units out and we're very excited about it. We will be doing some tests beside right beside the digisight in 450. Which again is the digital night vision scope that looks like the Pulsar Trail units and let's set up just like like them we did a full review of that back in the fall of 2019 s a few months ago. If you're interested in that you can find that episode of those are still for sale. We have those in stock as well. So all that stuff just got delivered today. So we're really excited to begin testing those and see how they compare and see what this did Jax does and I think it's going to be going to be fun and there's going to be I'll say this there's going to be guys who have their didge X in their hands with In 24 hours of us having them and they're going to be using them before we get the review out because we're shipping those things out, you know the same time that we're getting our so I know a lot of guys are pretty excited about that. Yeah, exactly. So with all that being said we're going to get into today's topic or tonight's topic. So there have been a growing I guess a growing demand for some information on a a topic and it's a topic that we have not touched on. I don't think it all never have touched. I don't think if we have I forgotten so it's okay in the past. Ninety six weeks. This is something which is very hard to do around here is to get a topic that we haven't talked about. So what we're talking about today is clip on thermals. It's basically a is exactly what it sounds like. It's a it's a unit the thermal unit that Clips onto the end of your daytime rifle scope. We're going to talk about that because a lot of people are asking about this. As an alternative to a traditional mountable thermal rifle scope and we're going to talk through this get Jason's input on it get my input on it. But the first thing Jason that I want to ask for you to clear up any confusion out there is with when it comes one of the biggest I think perceptions about clip on thermal units are if I if I purchased this this is a less expensive option than buying a full You know thermal riflescope can't for everybody out there. What is your been your experience with that with everything available? I would make a wonderful politician. And the reason is you don't ever answer the question that's asked. So what I'm going to do and you know, I'm famous for this is I'm going to say hold on. Let's back up. And the only thing I want to do is I know that 99% of the people listening to this know what a clip-on is, but I just want for maybe somebody new that's not That I want to explain what it is real quick. So a clip-on scope whether it be thermal digital whatever it is. It is a small device small. I want to say a scope because it's not a scope but let's talk about thermal. So a small thermal device and you take some sort of a coupler provided by the manufacturer and you put that coupler over your the the objective the the Bell They're of your daytime rifle scope and you tighten it down normally, you know some kind of a set screw or a knob of some sort you get it tightened down on there and then you take this clip on and you put it in and do some kind of a Twist lock some way. You know, it's like a quick detach of some sort and it locks into place. And so now what you have is you have a thermal device in front of your regular daytime. Scope and what your scope is actually looking at and this is important and I'm going to come back around to this in a little bit. It's looking at a display screen. Okay, so it's and and you got to think about now, it's just looking at an OLED display. All right, so just stick with me. We'll come back around to wanna like put new yeah kind of like putting it putting a a small monocular in front of your rifles. Yes, or a camera or anything else. That's exactly right. And so that's what it is. So this is very appealing to a lot of people and you just set it Hans we get these phone calls and emails very very often so much. So Makayla, you know our office manager here at outdoor Legacy. She takes almost all the phone calls and you know sends them out to Hans and I for us to call people back and she made the comment at the end of the week last week. She goes Do you know how many people this week called about clip-ons and it's an interesting thing because you know, we I'm going to go on and tell you you know, why it's interesting but she just made this catch up. Wow. It's been a lot and I was like, you know, you make a good point. I hadn't really thought about it. I'm just going through these calls but it is a lot and here's how it always starts a lot of guys say hey, I want to buy thermal or my buddy wants to thermal. And we don't want to go spin, you know a ton of money. We just want to buy clip-on got a really good day time scope. I got this rifle set up a like and I just want to clip that on there go hunting take it off and I'm done. I didn't have to buy a whole scope and it up 2-0 anything. It's all good blah blah. Well, here's the problem doesn't work exactly like that clip ons are extremely expensive for what you get most. People are very surprised to hear that Pulsar has I'm using pulsars an example. There's again not a lot of companies that have these clip-ons Pulsar has to clip-ons. They have an fx Q 38 and it is $4,000. And if that F xq that's called The Core fxq Co re that sounds familiar. It's because you've probably heard of the core rxq 30v that Talked about tons on this show. That is the Pulsar entry-level $1,900 monocular. I mean binocular scope. Sorry entry-level scope. Well, the core fxq, is that same unit in a clip-on? Right. So here's the first thing it's $4,000. It's not cheap the the second models FX Q50 and it's $4,500 and what you're getting is essentially the same quality that you're getting the same unit that you're getting out of an eighteen hundred and $99 entry-level dedicated scope. So you're paying $2,100 for the convenience of clipping that thing on the front of your daytime scope, right? You really have to love that daytime scope. You've really gotta edit. Yeah, and when you get it and you get this thing, you still have thermal image quality worth 1899 1900 dollars, right? Yeah. So that's the big the big misperception is hey, I'm going to buy this and it's going to be less expensive because it's not an entire thermal riflescope. It's just the basically the end of it the thermal monocular part of it without without a reticle in at the reticle is produced through the right your Riker taupe projects onto The Thermals the clip. That's right. Now, let's talk about a couple other, you know myths or misconceptions. So you say let me back up here. I mentioned the pulsar and I'm not just picking on them, but They're easy to pick the stone on out there anymore. I guess it's not not 32 kg are some others a GM's and I have one I think they're gonna have two or three. I was looking through their catalog and I mean, I think they're going to start it. What did I tell you? We look to other 3500 4000 dollars. I mean it again not cheap. And so but one of the misconceptions is a lot of these clip-ons, this is a cool deal. I'll give them that. You take it off of the scope and a lot of them have a little an eyepiece adapter that you can you know, twist onto the back again quick lat now. You got a monocular. So you say hey, I'm getting two in one. That is true. But what I would tell you is that again, I'm just using this as a perfectly Fair example, you can buy to rxq 30 vs. So you got one that you put on your rifle zero that thing never touch it you got another one that you hold in your hand. That's a going to be essentially the same size as this FX Q clip on and you still got two hundred dollars in your pocket. I mean, why would you not say yeah. Yeah. It's pretty strong. It is a strong argument or I would say this, you know by the $1,900 monocular I mean $1,900 scope and you got a whole lot of money left to buy a nice rifle, you know another rifle or like I told a guy today I said rather than spending, you know, $4,000 buy you a $3,300 scope and you still got seven hundred dollars left to buy a rifle. I mean, you can get a nice dedicated nighttime setup for what it cost to buy the clip on and I'm talking and the image quality you will get out of that dedicated scope, especially if You know by nicer when it's going to be Leaps and Bounds way ahead of what you're going to get out of the clip-on plus you can get all kinds of features battery packs video recording all that jazz. Hmm. Yeah, so, you know, I think and you may have answered this question already. What do you do for the people out there? What are the people do that? That don't want to have to take their nice high-end daytime. Scopes on and off their rifle. Maybe they have one set up and you know, they don't like taking their Scopes off. What options do they have? I mean, maybe they don't have any other options other than a clip on thermal. That's exactly what stabbing and and they serve a purpose and I want to be clear here. I mean, we've just spent the last 10 minutes talking these things down. But but my point is what I'm doing is I'm telling you the facts and most people are confused on the facts because they think that I'm going to tell them They're going to buy clip-on for $1,200 and they think oh because it's not a whole scope. Well, it is a scope. Hmm. I mean if you think about it it is it's everything there. And think about this. Okay. It doesn't have the Crosshair in it, but it is recoil rated just like a scope. It's got the eyepiece, especially if we're talking like these F excuse It's got the eye piece that you can put on and use it as binocular. So what you're doing is you're taking the scope you're making it as small as you can you're making an eye piece that comes off and on that in and of itself is pretty impressive. Then you're making a coupler. - attachment that you can put onto essentially any daytime scope no matter how expensive that scope is and not Mar up or scratch up the end of the thing twist it on lock it in so that it's secure and it doesn't bounce off during recoil and number one tear up the clip on number to tear up the daytime scope and you're going to sell about one of the These for every 500 weapons mountable Scopes how expensive do you think it's going to be? It's got to be really expensive. It's just got it. Yeah, and you know, one of the good things about thermal rifle scopes is that they hold their value very well when it comes to sell them, you know, people are getting a pretty good chunk of their money back when they do end up selling them. I can't imagine that a resale value on a clip-on is Hold its value better than a than a real rifle thermal riflescope only because you're trying that you're having to sell that to somebody that is going to fit to the size daytime rifle scope that they have and the coupler is going to fit in all that sure. That's right and you can buy extra couplers for you know different schemes. That's absolute that is true. But you're right and the demand is just not there. So you're right the the listen if this was something that you By for $1,200. It would be there the value would be there. But in my opinion even if I was going to buy it for the exact same dollars. I don't see what the benefit is. I don't see why I would do that over buying a dedicated scope again. I could understand if you couldn't buy rifle without spending, you know, another three grand on it. Okay, I get it. Now. Here's who they are good for because if we've told you Why you know maybe is not the bomb. I got a few more things to say about that, but they are good for the can you brought this up? What about the guy who maybe don't have another rifle whatever. Mmm, if a guy calls me and he says I've got this high-end custom rifle that cost, you know more than you know more than my side by side as worth and I've got this high-end Schmidt Bender, whatever insert brand night Force, whatever. Ever it is scope on there. And you know, we're talking to legit three four five thousand dollar scope. This is my baby. You know, I love this thing. It's under my pillow at night. It was made for me and this is the scope and the rifle that I shoot and I happen to be going on a hog hunt next weekend, and I want to shoot this rifle. And I might go out to my brother-in-law's place, you know in six months from now this and and one more caveat and money's not a problem that guy I'll sell him I'll sell this to him all day long. I'm going to give him the same talk but it is worth it to him because number one he's not going to use it every night. Number two. He has a setup that he is trying to night hunt with and he's trying to find a way. To convert this exact set up into a nighttime rig and that's where the clip-on is. Good. I'm not Downing the concept. I'm not Downing the even necessarily the way that they function what I'm Downing is the value for the dollar for the average consumer. Hmm. That's what it is. It's just it comes down to if money is no object by one along with Dedicated scope. I mean, you know, why not throw one on your daytime keep it in your truck and be easy again. I'm not saying it's a bad in concept or even in usability. It's just not great when it comes to the dollars and cents for someone who's you know on a normal budget if that makes sense. Hmm. Yeah versus the money that you're spending versus. I don't want to say the quality image. But it is a it's a core rxq 30v, but you're spending, you know, you're within five hundred dollars of a you have a thermionic P38 or something. I mean, you know, you're you're getting into darn near Six foil. And if you buy this FX Q50, you are absolutely in a thermionic xp-50. I mean, sorry XP 38 same exact price $500 from an xp-50 dedicated scope. Best image quality pulsar, and I'm not picking I keep picking on bowls are but they're just they're not many of these things out there. So it just doesn't make sense for the average consumer. So the title of this podcast show is is clip on thermal a good investment. If is it worth the money. I don't know. I haven't decided as executive producer. I have not decided on the final title name of this while we're taking but it's just about that, you know, is it worked? Money, so in your opinion, let me let me see if I can guess just some based on what you're saying. It is worth the money if you have the money and you have the setup that you know that you want to protect and keep the way it is and that's change it back and forth. And yeah, and you know, I want to talk about it money. Here's somebody I don't want to talk about one more thing here that I didn't bring up before and that is another myth or miss or misconception. I guess is a lot of guys will look at these. They'll say well, you know is an example that core rxq 30v dedicated Scopes 1.6 power or a lot of these Scopes are only two or three parts that ain't enough for me. You know, I'm a long-range shooter. I got this long range scope. So I'm going to clip this thing on there and you know, my scope is a 4 to 14 or it goes up to 20 power. I'm going to crank that thing right up negative Ghost Rider. All right. Remember when we started this conversation and I said At you're looking at a display screen that is just in front of that lens of your daytime scope. So when you zoom optically with your daytime scope you are zooming in on that screen you are making that screen appear closer. So what's going to happen in very short order is when you get up into that five six power magnification, you will no longer be seen. In all of the screen the think about the thermal screen that you're looking at you've now zoomed in to a point where you're only seeing part of that screen. Your whole field of view is no longer there. You're going to lose a lot of your field of view on the left and right because it's wider but you can continue to zoom into your losing field of view on the top and bottom too. So it becomes almost use Useless at that point as you've zoomed in too far, so that's one thing that a lot of guys have told me and they go man. I just need High magnification. I'm going to be able to get it with this and I can't get that with a dedicated scone. Actually. That's not the answer either. So that's that's one thing to think about. I think this is when people call in and they ask about clip on thermal and some of the misconceptions that are out there. I think once you explain to people exactly what you've explained, and I've done it before They're like, yeah that makes no sense at all. You know and they kind of go back to square one and say okay. We'll talk to me about one of these Scopes, you know, tell me about it. So I you know, you're exactly right and I you know, it's you know, some things only worth what somebody is willing to pay for it if somebody's got the money and again, they have all these things that they're trying to do. It may be worth it for you, but I think once you get a chance to actually dive into it Wait, what actually you get with the clip on thermal versus a you know, a full-time dedicated thermal riflescope. Definitely the best investment is picking up a full thermal riflescope compared to a clip-on at the end of the day. Yeah it is and so I want to be clear. I've sold some of these two guys over the years and they love them and they will say oh my goodness. I mean, I love it. I'm so happy. This is exactly what I wanted again that Person exists and this fits a need I'm not saying that they're stupid. They should have never been made what I am saying is that You know, it doesn't it might fit the need of a lot of people but it doesn't do it at a reasonable price for them. And so that's when I go back to send the average person and I know there's some dealers who they like these Optics and they you know, I don't say they push them but maybe they use them and they see the benefits and they're able to tell their customers and they'll probably sell a decent amount of I'm going to tell you something. We don't sell these I mean then we just mean I don't think I've sold. Yeah, I think I've sold to ever in the past I think about as long as yeah, we we don't we don't stop I don't stock them. I mean it's just not and and I think we're going to see him going away. Honestly, I don't think they're going to stick around and to be honest with you. I didn't even ask Pulsar if they were keeping those F excuse in the line that you're they probably are, you know, but when you know when you start looking at the clip on Thermals and knowing where pulsars based out of when I first started and started looking at him and investigating him. It really seemed like something that was designed for the European Hunters to me. I mean it that is and I know a lot I know a lot of stuff, you know, obviously it's coming from you know pollsters coming from overseas your and and some of their stuff is, you know, you can tell is designed and and therefore the fox hunters and you know, the people that are hunting in And Europe and stuff in this to me reminded the yeah that you know, that might be something that would be useful for somebody. Well it up. There it is and what are your opinions known for high-end daytime glass and high-end rifles and sometimes money. So what does this what is all that? What'd I say who does this work for so now listen, I know what's going to happen here. We're going to get a comment section bull of guys telling me I was the greatest thing they've ever owned and we're wrong and listen. I can't I'm not saying that it's bad. I'm not saying it's junk. I'm not saying anything. What I'm saying is is value for each dollar that you spend on it is in my opinion and I think the average person's opinion. It is really back up. I think we could go to the manufacturers. I think we go to a GM we could go to we could go to Pulsar we can say Hey, how do you is this? You for the dollar really there as compared to one of your Scopes they're going to go. No, but if you want one will sell one to you. I mean and that's I feel the same way. They're not out there pushing it nobody's push whole song there. Now. It's therefore for limited amount of people that are looking for but there's there's not a lot of dealers out there pushing it now, but you know, if you have somebody says that you say okay, let me look through your scope with the clip on and we'll look through this thermionic spee 38 and see which one has fanned and here's the Thing and this is the reason we're doing this. Okay, folks think about this for just a minute because I had a guy on the phone one day tell me he said well, there's some reason that you don't want to sell me one and I said listen, I'm trying to convince you why a $1,900 scope is a better investment than 4000. I said, let me tell you which one I make more money on. Okay, it's 4,000. All right. I said it would be I would not be doing my job. If I didn't give you the facts and when I get through it the facts if you say I hear you, but I still want one. I'm going to say let me see how soon I can get you one and get it shipped to you. If you want it. I'll sell it to you. I mean, I don't have any problem. I don't believe that it's a bad thing. So that's all we're doing here folks and if you listen to this and you go hey, these guys convinced me that I want one. Call me. We'll talk. Okay, we'll get You want but all I'm trying to do is make sure and this is again. It's what we do on this show. We want to make sure that the consumer is informed they understand how these things work and then they're able to make, you know, take that information and make the decision of whatever it is. They was right and there's nobody that can talk you out of spending money other than our number-one salesperson. Mr. Jason Robertson the owner of outdoor Legacy. It was it was brutal. Really honest and will you know make sure that you get into the correct on the yeah. Yeah, definitely give them a call. You can find him outdoor Legacy your.com phone number eight seven seven three five zero one eight one eight. I couldn't let you go through the man pretty seems like we had designed scene. I just think there's no reason for a script no reason for asking exactly now folks. So anyway Hans told you where to get a hold of us and it is outdoor Legacy gear.com or eight seven seven three five. Oh, One eight one eight. If you want to support the show if you like what we're doing here. Please try to support us at outdoor Legacy for all your night vision and thermal needs give us a call and Hans and I'll be glad to help you in any way that we can given you advice and point you in the right direction. If you want to find Hans you can find him where he hangs out over on YouTube. Just put out a new video got a got a bunch of hog kills on. There it's got some good action got a big hog that called in as it's pretty cool video If you haven't seen it go check that out at YouTube and he's also on Instagram all the time posting pictures and videos there as well and it's other place. I hang it. Yeah, that's where he's grooming you, right? Yeah. Exactly. And if you want to find the late night vision show good news, you've already found this you're either listening to us or you're watching us on YouTube, please like subscribe do whatever you got to do on there. And come back every week and we really do appreciate the support that y'all give us. Yep. Absolutely and up pretty soon. I don't know if we're going to be doing the next episode but very very soon. We're going to be doing the review of the AGM ASP TM 25 384. So that is the the model that is just under the TM 35 that we've already reviewed and I'll also be coming out with the my full review of the ASP TM 35 384 man. A lot of numbers lot of numbers if I hit my head just starts spinning. I will be doing a full review on my YouTube channel like Jason mentioned as Hans etx. But thank you all for joining us this week. This has been episode 96 is clip on thermal worth the money. Well, mr. Jason Robertson, I think just answered the question in the last 20 minutes, but we appreciate you all joining us. We'll see y'all next week stay safe in the fields and keep making them bacon pancakes.