This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic. So if you're anything like us welcome to the mess, okay, let's go chat and remember Mama's messy can be beautiful. I'm really excited for this because I think it's super cool that you and I live kind of very different lives right now where I stay at home with my two kids you work out of the home and Lucas is in daycare full time. So I even know from a lot of the conversations that we've had you bring a totally different view point to a save whatever situation than I have because of our experiences. Yes, I do. Yes, we live very different lives and yet somehow we can relate the same and we have different like something that bugs me doesn't bug you and vice versa. Yeah, exactly. And I think that that's such like a really like it's such a huge part of motherhood and I know we've mentioned this in previous episodes and I feel like it's going to just always come up that really when it comes down to the challenges with being a stay-at-home mom or the challenges that come with working out of the home. It's all the like the worrying that we do right? I know for me being a stay-at-home mom. I'm constantly worrying like okay are my kids getting enough interaction with other people. Are they like learning to listen to other adults? Are they learning to socialize? Are they getting sick of me? Am I giving Have experiences like there's just always those worries and I know from our conversation you have a lot of worries to with working out of the home. So I am really excited for this episode so that we can kind of talk about me being a stay-at-home mom. You working out of the home and the moms listening can will probably relate to one of us, you know, yes have that different Dynamic. Yeah. So why don't we jump into some of the challenges that we face? But what's your like? Big thing that you maybe struggle with with being a stay-at-home mom. Oh, I feel like with every hard thing. There's like a really big positive that goes along with it, which is really interesting. But I think for me one of the really big things is by the end of the day, I just feel so touched out like I and I've noticed it more since having Reese and I think it's a combination of there being two of them. So yeah, there's usually always one of them awake and I don't get that many time. and the combination that I breastfeed her so I literally have one attached to me a lot of the time but man by the end of the day it's like I don't necessarily want to go and lay in bed until you fall asleep anymore and I feel horrible about that. But I'm just like I've had them on the all day. So I just feel like I have been touched and drooled on and picked on and nose wipes on me all day know what I mean. Yeah. Yeah, and so that's where it's kind of like different for me because Bedtime is so important to me. Like I used to be the mom. That's like I really wanted Lucas to be super independent and I wanted him to go to sleep on his own and I didn't want to have to lay down with him and I pushed and pushed and pushed it and I realized it wasn't working. So then now I've caved and I probably better them every single night, but now I really value that time that I have with him my bedtime because that's when him and I get like Divided attention where my phones away where I'm not worrying about what I'm making for dinner or the house is a master whatever that's where we get to like have Giggles a little tickle Fest or he likes to give me a lot of kisses. Yeah books or whatever. So that's like a really really really big time for us and I love jumping into bed with him. Now. It's interesting how that's kind of different and I like seeing like listening to your perspective on like the fact that like he's on you all the time whereas For me, I'm like give me kisses like I want to yeah, he's like no Mom like impotent. He's like, yeah, give me space. Yeah. No and I do I think that that's super interesting and that actually brings up like something that I wonder about all the time and this really goes with exactly what you said is like, I would like do I take my time with my kids for granted like what I appreciate that more or some of our smaller moments more if I wasn't with them all day every day. So do you think that you would I don't know I think but see here's the thing that's where there's like that huge positive that goes with that negative because sometimes I'm like, okay. Am I taking my time for granted a my overlooking all of these beautiful little blessings that I have in the day because I get smothered and kisses all day long, right and that's something that you might long for but it's like am I taking that for granted and then there comes The mom worried and I worry about like how do I live more in the moment? And you know, it's just that weird like something that is really really hard is also just like such a massive blessing when you kind of look at the big picture. I mean if it makes you feel any better, I only feel this way on the weekdays and on weekends like gays time for bed totally and the cool thing was my job to is I'm a teacher and I but I'm just I'm a substitute To teacher so I did have before I had briefs. I had that perspective of there were times when I would go to work for the day and then the next day I would stay at home and I love that balance. But that comes another like one of the things that I appreciate so much about being a stay-at-home mom is I kind of get to like set the tone for the day and set the pace for the day. So like what are your morning's like with Lucas chaotic? I don't get to have like Like me and him time in the mornings, right? So I get up at 6:30. I wake him up at seven put him in his high chair so he can eat some breakfast while I finish getting ready and then I go and get him dressed and brush his hair and brush his teeth. And then it's out the door like it is very like boom. Boom. Boom. We got to get this done and get out the door. Yeah no time for like meltdowns or cuddles or no and then of course, I think that kind of takes a strain on me mentally because then I'm frustrated cause Hey, look, I'm gonna be late for work here. You're not listening Lucas likes to play this little game when we put on his shoes where I tell him to sit on this step and he thinks it's funny to climb up five steps inside of the fender wall so that when I need him at the very top he thinks it's funny to then do a slide down the stairs and be back down to where I told him to be the fun game that yeah, but you don't have time for yeah, and I think like if I wasn't in a rush like I would maybe think that's funny and I would be playful with him, but it's like no like I need you to listen right now, please yeah. Yeah see in that something that like as you're saying that like we do that stuff all the time, you know, and like I I really cherish those like live in the moments like let him be goofy Tate. Big thing right now, which is just I think it's just so much fun is he feels like he needs to get into his car seat by himself. So for those of you who have never seen my child, he's three years old like the tiniest human ever. So it takes him so long to get into the vehicle and then it takes them about like 10 tries of jumping to get into his car seat. And then he thinks it's funny like oh I missed in like so I mean there for sure times. And I'm like, okay kid. Like let's go. We've got to like go to hockey practice or whatever but a lot of the times I just get to like enjoy that you know, or like I get to cherish him helping me helps me unload the dishwasher all the time and like that's a fun thing and we take our time doing that. So I think just like a huge thing that I like love so much as I do get to live in the moment more when I'm not overseeing it I guess. That makes sense. Yeah, it's kind of nice that you get to have that time with him because yes, I mean and and you know, what like on the weekends. I definitely get that time with Lucas and we will unload the dishwasher when we were kind of homebodies in a sense. So, you know, we don't really spend a lot of time going out and doing things and whatnot on the weekends, like that's my time to relax because I've just worked all week. Yeah, so I can I can cherish those moments and have those moments on the weekends. But during the week, you know, we get that five minutes of playtime if you want to call it that on the stairs in the morning. Yeah, and then you know if I'm lucky I get like an hour or two with him at night, but it's kind of consumed still by like making dinner giving him a bath put it. Yeah, like, you know, we get home at six he goes to bed by like 7:00 7:30. Yeah, the blue really don't get that time either. So like that's why Kids are such a big thing for me and I wish that I could be a stay-at-home mom. And I know that it comes with like its positives and negatives, right obviously, like anything does just like it does with being a working mom or work out of home mom, but I do sometimes wish that I had that yeah. Yeah, and I think that it's so normal to like, I don't know if this is the right phrase but kind of like long for what other people have. Have like I see I am just such a huge believer in like following your dreams and like dreaming big and going for that and I see a lot of working moms who are like crushing it and they're passionate about their jobs and they love going to their jobs and I'm just like, yes like you are setting such an incredible example for your kids like I have chills because I just I think that it is such a powerful lesson for them. But then on the flip side And it's and this is kind of where there's like that pull because then I feel like you know, I hope my kids grow up and are like man. I just remember so many mornings of making pancakes at 10 in the morning because Mom stayed home and you know, like there is there's there are those positive and negatives, but I totally see what you mean. And and I also worry sometimes I'm like am I showing them that like, yes, you can pursue your dreams and you can live out your Her passion, you know? Yeah, and I think that's why I love our podcast so much and our community because I'm like, I hope that they look at this and see that it's like, you know, you can do what your heart pulls you to do. So totally what is your group like, go ahead. Okay. What is the war? Like your biggest challenge mentally with working out of the home. Like what is that like fear or worry that comes with you working out of the home. Honestly, I don't really know if I have a fear of working out of the home or for Lucas to miss out on anything. I mean before I know that I definitely did before I started working. So when I was on mat leave hmm, I was very very fearful of missing out on all of these really big milestones and you know having a trust somebody else to raise partially raise my child because they spend, you know, nine hours a day with them. Yeah, and they're kind of a huge responsibility of teaching them the really important things or how to count or how to like helping with potty training. And I mean, that's also kind of a blessing. Yeah positive. Yeah, but but the Milestones was like a really big thing because I think in that first year you see them roll over and you see them sit up and you see them totally walking and talking and all those things and so that was a really big fear for me with him starting. Daycare, but now on the flip side of that in the positive of that although I'm not there for that. I'm seeing how like, I'm seeing him learn. I guess. I'm trying to say like, oh true. Yeah incredible seeing him come home and he knows these new words like the other day. He came home and Nursery were driving and he said hey Mom an excavator and I said, what the excavators? Where did ya? Obviously I know where he learned it, but it was just like that such a complex word totally to it has hurled that I was just like Blown Away total and like the daycare that he goes to now is a partially Spanish take are always learning. I don't know. You know what he's ever going to need to know Spanish, but cool that he does. Yeah totally. So that's kind of like the positive I guess two missing Milestones is kind of also seeing like a new kind of like a different kind of Milestone. Yeah, that's super super cool. I would say like one of the other really hard things is that Again, it's like a blessing but it's also really hard is that you know, I don't know. Sometimes you see on Instagram or whatever. You have friends that are like after work. They just like stopped at the grocery store and like grab some stuff quick where I don't get that because I always have my kids with me. So if I want to go into the city say we have appointments in the city. I'm taking the kids and it's like okay I need for example, I had a wedding on the weekend and it was like every time I was at a place where I could go to buy a Dress I always had my kids with me and it's like those things. I sometimes wish that I could like. They could be in daycare and after work, I could just run there and do that for 20 minutes and then BB go and get them and then be home with them, you know. I think I mean I almost have to I don't want to say disagree with you on that one, but Like for me working full-time and my schedule is literally like 8:30 to 5:00. Well most Acres close at 5:30 and I had never get them pick them up. So unless you have like a day off which once in a while I get a day off during the week and that's the best day ever because this is at daycare and I get to go do all the things so that is like in your sense like having a day where youth are in daycare and you can just do whatever is nice I guess but that's not always the case. Yeah. No, that's fair. For sure. We are so excited to be bringing you. This week's sponsor mother. May I they're a nonprofit organization that focuses strictly on maternal mental health. They use their platform to share stories to raise awareness and reduce stigma right now. They're advocating hard for a maternal mental health unit in Saskatoon Saskatchewan where women can receive the inpatient treatment that they need while still having their kids with them mother. May I has a really cool apparel line that focuses on spreading. Power of Positive Affirmations, their goal is that the words on their clothes will resonate with others and create a strong connection. This is what is so so cool all the proceeds earned from the sales of their apparel line are donated right to maternal mental health initiatives. We could not be more proud here at the messy Mama pod to be standing behind Kayla and Michelle and their mission. I had a chance to check out some of their clothes last week and you guys I highly highly recommend checking them out. They have super comfy t-shirts and crew necks and some tooks for both you and your babe. So go ahead and check them out by searching mother. May I yxe on Instagram? So what is another just kind of like everyday challenge with being a working out of the home? Mama? One of the big ones for us is? When Lucas gets sick, so I wish that I could just stay home with him. But unfortunately, I have to use a sick day. I have to find Alternative Care for Lucas or sometimes in the sounds bad. But sometimes I have to trust Blake to do it and I don't know if it is but like I just don't know if Dad's can quite sue the sick child like a mama can or maybe it was me just like really wanting to be there to just Like be that warm place for them, but but that's like one of the big things is just like having to you know, I can't just be there. I have to like make how do I say this? I have to like take the time off work and sometimes that's not possible. Yeah, right and sometimes that's even like a really big inconvenience when like the daycare closes for a day old day carries to do PD days. So like once a month, they would close for the grant some random day. and I have to try and find coverage for Lucas or even at Christmas time pretty much all day cares clothes for a week to 10 days so true and yeah, I'm sorry, but like unless you have a job that also gives you that kind of time off at Christmas time. Hi, that can be really challenging. So thankfully we have family around Christmas at want to come visit. So yeah like that time most of the time but but yeah that can be a challenge and having to like plan our vacation time around like random days, I guess. Yeah, like it's not even like a family vacation. It's like when the daycare closes or when you're sick or you're saving up those days and something that you said is like I enjoy my sleep. I very much so do like mornings if I am tired and so I can't imagine being up all night with a sick child and then having to like go to work the next day because for me if I'm up well Reese is also a disaster at sleeping through the night. We're currently nine months old and it feels like we have a one-month-old whole nother topic, but for me if I had to get up and go to work after like sleeping. For three hours, like my boss would hate me because I would be late or not be there at all. So I can imagine you're doing don't want to hear a funny story is one time that Lucas was very sick. And I literally he has this like little kids sighs pull-out couch at like unfolds and I put that in his room and I slept on that all night in between getting up and helping him because he's puking and unfortunately I wasn't able to take The next day off so I had to go into work. I was a disaster see like that is that is my fear. That is a very big fear of mine. Like my Derek knows that nope. Yeah, that would not be good. So that would be like a really really nice time to like not even have to worry about it or not even have to think about it. You know, like I just know that it he's taken care of. And like throw your comfy sweats on when to wake up and you can nap one who apps or like you can be cuddling on the couch and don't have to use that much brain power. I mean don't get me wrong being at home with sick kids is freaking exhausting and really hard but so is leaving them when they're sick. We have a friend who child. I think it was last year, you know them who had RSD and she was in the hospital for her little one. For months, I think and thankfully she's a stay-at-home mom, too. But I mean, obviously we never want our kids to be in the hospital but to have to be in the hospital for months at a time and then have to worry about being able to take that kind of time off work like that. Vaguely, I've never had to go through that. But the yeah, that would be very challenging. I think restful. Totally. Do you find that like Being at home and not getting too. Socialize with other adults other than your own because that taxing on you because that mentally taxing too just like always be in like kid mode. Yes. Don't get me wrong. Like my husband's great and I enjoyed talking to him. But yeah like and you know, it's funny because that's something that's really challenging especially in the newborn stage. And I mean this goes for bombs even on that leave. I'm sure that someone can relate to this like There's almost a resentment. I don't think is the right word. But maybe it's even like a little bit of jealousy that it's like, you know, Derek will come home after a day at work and I'm also at home working like I consider staying at home a full-time job. Totally like the house is a disaster. You're a disaster your kids are like happy, but you've just been like hot mess all day and it's like I sometimes wish that I could go and leave the chaos of the house and talk to other people and Derek is a teacher and it's a really great staff and like I'd love to go in like joke around with them and like sit and have coffee with other adults and and that sort of thing like yeah, that's one of the really really hard things is that you are isolated. Yeah, like motherhood. You always have people around you. I'm going to change that being a stay-at-home. Mom. You always have people around you. There are always kids on top of you or that need something but you're still so alone. It's the weirdest most. taxing, I guess like you said thing because you don't get to have adult conversations and this is like maybe this has nothing to do with it. Maybe this is just Mom Brain still but there are legitimately times. This is like funny but not funny. There are times when I'll be in a conversation and I'll be like awkward. Like with another adult and I'll just be like I have gotten like left or something. Like I cannot carry on a conversation like I used to be able to and I legitimately I swear to God that it is something to do with like I talked with kids all day and we break out and dance or a tantrum or you know, it's weird. Yeah. Yeah, one of the things that you said that I think is super important that we actually touch on it. Is that being a stay-at-home mom is a full-time job totally, you know 100% He said that and I think that there's so many people, you know, I was literally talking about this the other day with a co-worker and she's like, I can't wait to have kids because then I get like a one-year vacation and I looked at it and one of the guys that works for us is also a dad and he looked at her and he's like, let me tell you it's not a vacation and I want for him. Really impressed that you know that sometimes I don't even think my own husband knew that when I was on that leave. Yeah, it's not a vacation. No, it's like your work. It is hard work and I think the thing that like that you don't know. I mean, you don't know what you don't know right and so before having kids. I think a lot of people are like oh and I'm gonna like sleep in and I'm going to wake up and have my coffee but it's like okay your hormones are out of whack for months after you have a baby. You are adjusting to newborn life you are physically and mentally exhausted and truthfully when you're a stay-at-home mom like that doesn't really change. No like that's one thing. I feel like staying at Like were in a routine, but it's not exactly the routine where you get up you get dressed you do your hair and makeup where you feel good you go out and you interact with other people and you're working towards a goal at your job or anything like that. Do you know what I mean? Like, it's just not necessarily the same and I think that you know, and I think that this is also important to add that there are moms who love going to their job. And that is awesome. Like I know we kind of talked about that but I just think so highly of those moms. And I think that that's incredible and there are moms who say that like, they're a better mom because they work outside the home perfect. Like you have to find what works for you on the flip side. I also have talked to even really good friends of mine that want to stay at home and be safe at home moms and they get into it and they are like, they're miserable going mentally crazy sturdy. Yeah, and I think that that's also totally fine. Like it's all about finding what works for you. And I know for me a really big thing was with tape kind of figuring out. Okay, what do we want our data look like and and like I know that with even now with Reese like if I can get out of the house in the morning, my days are so much better. So I do I think that it's just it's so important whether you are a stay-at-home mom or a working mom to just really figure out like Like what works for you and your family? Yeah. Absolutely. I think one of the nice things about being a working out of the home mom, I guess this just like we get that mental break. I think that I have more patience for Lucas because I'm not dealing with it 24/7. So like I give you a huge round of applause they you have so much patience with your kids because I don't know if I could do that if I was doing it 24/7 Yeah, I think that's like a really good point and I think that it totally did you know whether you are a working mom or you are a stay-at-home mom or a working out of the whole Mom. It's like part of that is like what you see value in to if that makes sense. But here's one of the really challenging things for I think a lot of stay-at-home moms can agree with this is the income part. Am I don't even mean so much that like, okay our family income is now down. It's the mental part of it that sometimes you feel like you're spending someone else's money. And that you don't deserve to go and buy a pair of jeans because it's not your money, right? That and I think that there's there's different. I mean some people would have their own bank accounts my husband and I have the same account and it's been a it was a really big adjustment for us to be like, okay I and this is actually right there. It's me. He's like you have to take into consideration how much money the aren't spending on day care because you stay at home that is like you earning an income now girl. It ain't cheap. It's like notes and Alters the kid a month raise. That's crazy. I mean that's for daycare day homes or a little bit cheaper thankfully wait like but still not cheap. So yeah guys are definitely saving money. There you go, right but it is like and I know a lot of my really good girlfriends that stay at home. They have a really really hard time with it. And I remember one just said to me like I don't feel Worthy. Like I don't feel like I should be able to go for a Starbucks coffee because it cost six dollars. Yeah, or you know, like and that that's a really really hard part of it. I think for a lot of moms that stay at home. You just don't feel like you're like contributing Finance. Yeah, exactly. And I do I think that that's why so many moms have like side gigs and side hustles are you know there with a network marketing company or whatever it is. And I think that that's so so cool. But I think that is driven from feeling like you're not contributing. Yeah, that would be really hard. So what are some of the like do you have anything that right in your mind? I mean, I know I know we've talked about both the positives and negatives. But is there anything else is a positive that you're like? You know, I feel so much value working out of the home. One of the big things I guess is socializing for Lucas because we are kind of homebody. So it's it's sort of nice knowing that and and kind of actually even seeing when I when I go pick them up from daycare and stuff the friends of these made. Yeah, it's not the first time I've talked about this but Lucas has the cutest little girlfriend and yes, we do something and they can't wait for her mom to listen to this. I just think it's the sweetest thing like they started daycare. The exact same time in the same class and they moved up to the next like some kids get separated and these guys have like skate together and moved up in classes and then we will practice to new daycare. I told his mom about it or sorry. I told her mom that we were moving Lucas and we would love to keep them together and she's like, let's do it. And so she moved her daughter as well. So now they're that's awesome. Like it's so cool to see and like the best thing is so there was like a bit of like a month gap between when her daughter was able to come to the new daycare. Hmm and when she started to come she come like on Fridays and Lucas would go inside and see her and he'd like Cutest thing you need run and he still give her a hug and he was so excited. And so she's super super cool for me as a mom to be able to see him like building relationships with totally planned socializing because I know the kind of person that I am like I said a million times in this episode already. I am a homebody I like being at home. And so I think if I was a stay-at-home mom, he'd maybe missed that aspect. Yeah. I see what you're saying, dear. Do you feel like tape but gets that's socializing part of it. Like is there a way that you kind of incorporate that as a stay-at-home mom? Yeah, I do Derek and I are both teachers so we know the value in like early socialization, but also teaching him that like other adults are. I understand 30 figures but he needs to understand that like he needs to follow rules from other people and learn different expectations and social settings and that's all very very important. And I know how much kids learn a daycare. I worked at like many different daycare. So I see a lot of value in that. So for me what works for us really well is take goes to daycare two mornings a week and then he comes home and he has his nap here, but I do I Same thing. I love hearing his stories from daycare. And I know that he learned so much. So that's kind of another thing too with being a stay-at-home mom. I think that sometimes you feel like because you stay at home. You can't send your kids to daycare or you can't it would be hard to justify it whether it's like financial reasons or if it's just because you feel like you need to like you're not working when they're gone, but it works really really well for us or daycare is super accommodating. So yeah, that's been like super huge. Well, I hope that this episode has just kind of like proved that whatever side you're on like there are challenges. It is all hard. It is like motherhood it's hard and it's messy and their sacrifices. Make sure you guys tune in next Wednesday when we release another episode. And come follow us over on Instagram at the messy Mama pod.