Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify.Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players. It was awesome. I had so I mean I have fun every single lesson I give this one though. It was just everything clicked and it was just amazing. And so these four women came out and they said look, we don't know exactly what we want to work on. But we want to work on double strategy and we're just not winning at a rate. We need to like we're not doing well enough on our leagues or whether it's USTA or whether its inner Club leagues playing against other clubs where We just we just not winning as many games like some some leagues. It's like number of games you win or whatever. They like. We're not just doing as we're not doing as well as we'd like to and so I thought well these women are good players and they need to make sure they're taking over the net and I know these women well, I've taught them for years and I watch them every week play on adjacent courts it when I'm giving other lessons other people, so I kind of knew this question already. I knew the answer but I just asked them individually what percentage of the time do do they spend when playing doubles up at net like creating a wall like either on the service line or a little bit, you know closer up that they're playing both up rather than one up on back and the the percentages ranged from 3 percent for one woman up to 15% for someone else and it's just not enough and I said to them look playing one upon back at this level is just not especially if you want to play even higher it's just not going to be in your best interest doubles is about advancing. It's about territory. About taking time away. It's about creating angle and all of those things require you getting tighter to the net and closer to the net and so we worked on serve and volley. And so the first thing I did as I threw about like 30 balls up against the back curtain and I said look all I want you three to do is practice the split step after the serve because if you're not this is for all of you, if you're not going to split step, please do not serve and volley. It will be a waste of your time you'd be better off to serving and staying back. And playing one of them back which again is the worst way to play doubles, you know as a blanket statement but serving and coming forward without a split step is even worse because you you're going to get balls caught at your feet all the time. You're going to overrun half Ali's if you're really running fast than a lob over your partner's head. You're never gonna be able to change direction in time to be able to get that ball. You've got to split step in the middle of no-man's-land. What so we practice serve one two, three split step and your split step is in No Man's Land because you should be split stepping as your opponent Returns the serve and if you just look at all levels of play that's where you'll be standing when the returner hits the return and so look at Federer look at Sampras, they all split step in the middle of no-man's-land so it works the same way at our level because we can't run as fast as they do so we end up actually staying farther back or being farther back, even if our service lower so serve one two, three split step. We just practice that for about 5 minutes then. I said look, I'm going to add a volley now. So we went one at a time, you know, two people on the do side to people on the outside. They just alternated they would serve one two, three split step that I fed a volleys or low to them or high whatever and they had to move in move through the vale and then get around the service or the middle of the service box. We did that for about five minutes and I said alright now let's play and we are going to just play a tiebreaker but kind of like a never-ending tiebreaker and for 45 minutes, we practiced serve-and-volley and I think only two Three times did one player like Ernie knows one of the players are a couple of them actually forget to serve and volley. I mean because they're so ingrained to servants stay back. They did an amazing job serving running in Split stepping down after three steps and then moving through the volleys. I have to tell you I have never seen these four women play that high level of tennis and it was all because now they weren't just sitting back playing one of them back versus one of them back which to be very honest with you is quite a boring way to play. And it's just these lob groundstrokes cross cork raw score cross-court the to knit the two Net players are kind of like cardboard cutouts, you know getting a good neck workout watching this High looping ball go Cross Court. I mean, it's a boring way to play this game was this this match or this tiebreaker game was action packed. It was the points for very short, but very intense quick reactions angles drop bali's overheads. It was awesome if you are a doubles player, You're looking for an advantage that I'm pretty sure your opponents aren't currently doing most recreational players are scared to death to serve and volley. They always talk about the negatives that occur. I never hear people talk about the negatives by the way of serving and staying back. You know, anyone that case I'll say to them look you need to start practicing serving and volleying and let's say yeah, but I'll get a ball stuck at my feet are all you know. I hate have volleys whenever you hear somebody say that they like to stay back you. I hear somebody saying yeah, but you know, you can't do anything from back there or it's easy to poach that ball because you're the net player has tons of time to see your ball and to react and you know, there is a negative for everything you do. You just need to have your positives outweigh the negatives and serving and volleying if you practice it if you practice serving to the body if you practice serving to the backhand if you practice serving down the T to reduce angle, if you practice hitting a serve that helps get a week as the weakest return possible. Then take three steps one, two, three split step in the middle of no-man's-land and then be able to like stutter step and hit a half-volley back Cross Court and then attack and now you both are at the service line or slightly in front of the surface line or in the middle of the service box. Maybe you're slightly staggered so that your it's easy to be able to cover any lob that goes over the closest net person to the baseline or whatever it is. If you start serving and volleying and attacking, you know, what happens to things happen first. You start winning more points second. You start getting more frustrated. Here's why when players stay back there super happy and they lose when players serve-and-volley they win and they're super frustrated because they start focusing on all the mistakes that they're making that they use to not make when they stay back they start missing high volleys. They start blowing easy overheads. Now, they get balls at their feet of their shoe tops and they they screw up a little Ali but when you put it all together, they actually win more points as a team as a wall then they would staggered playing one upon back but they report back right with emotion. They report back to the to the coach the next lesson. Hey, I didn't work. I miss so many shots and then you ask them. What was the score? They're like, well we won but I played really badly and I find it very interesting that players would rather play. Well then. When I've always found that interesting because players will stay back and feel like wow, I rip some really great down the line shots past the net player, but they ended up losing. You know, I find that interesting. So please practice your servant Vale practice being a wall at the net. Yeah. Do you want to return in Vale to like on a week second serve sure, but you can't control you can't control if your opponent has a weak second serve, but you can control the serve and volley practice the sir. Vale split step serve one, two three split step get a bucket of balls and just do that. Don't even have a returner. Just go to the go to the tennis courts by yourself serve one, two, three split step in the middle of no-man's-land serve. One, two, three split step in the middle of no-man's-land wide stance on the front of the balls of your feet, you know athletic have a great ready position ready for a forehand backhand anything and just repeat that over and over and over again, then have somebody on the other side of the court in practice one, two, three. A split step and then when they return back cross-court to you practice moving through the vale hitting it cross-court if it's a lower ball hitting it high if it's a high ball hitting it at the net player who's right in front of you and and robbing them of the time that they need to react. If you start serving and volleying more often, you're going to be more aggressive you're going to dictate play you're going to gain confidence win more matches and there's no doubt. You're going to play much better tennis. This is Ryan Reedy over at the two-minute tennis podcast. Talk soon.