Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside. My soul feels good. I thought I mattered you know, I noticed that when I do sleep in I am drained. It's weird. It's a weird. It's like well when I wake up early, I have so much energy and I'm like ready to go. So I made sure I got up today. It's weird the more if you get too much sleep your extra tired. Hmm. It's so strange. But if you got just the right amount that like I feel like my sweet spot is Six hours. Yeah, mine's like five to six hours. I think between five maybe even five to seven and if I get a Time sluggish, yeah eight supposed to be the ideal. So I don't know. I don't get all depends on like what time you go to sleep. Like if I get six hours of sleep and I wake up at 12. I first some reason it fucks with my brain and I'm like, I'm not gonna get any work done today wasn't going on. The coronavirus has been going on. I found out the other Day that it's only old people and really really really really really young people dying. Is it feel just say that you'll 2,000 people are dead, but they don't like get into the details out. You'll a lot of them are really old and half of them died due to natural causes while having the flu. I really kind of thing. This is what I heard that okay, like again people talking shit. But yeah, but I'm pretty sure it's a fact that a lot of them are old hmm, which isn't taken away from the fact that the coronavirus is extremely scary and be safe. Yeah, it's actually really scary and terrifying but stay safe out there. Make sure you guys are washing your hands with soap all the time. Not just water with soap. I know you've heard this already, but just putting it out there hand sanitizer isn't a replacement for washing your hands. Yes. FYI Cliff you like some people It is it's not but it's not wash your hands wash your hands stay safe, but don't let it control your life. You know go out have fun. Yeah. Yeah. How is this week been for you? This week has been good. We shot a really fun video about the coronavirus. I know I forgot my mom's birthday. That wasn't a good part of my week. And then I was shook remember to call her. Yeah. She was chill. She was cool about it. And then we sent her flowers we did. Jazz is really good at sending people like gift baskets and all the cute stuff. If you ever gotten a gift basket from me and Jazz. It was me. He had no clue from Jazz. It just has my love language My love language is giving gifts and I just love it. Yeah, I remember walking in from basketball yesterday and I was like, yo, I sent out three gift baskets forgetting anybody. I was like, okay, that's nice. It's just nice to like come home. I sent one to my dad because he is he wanted a car accident is weekend. So he's like all bruised up. I think his ribs are broken. So he's in a bad spot. So I sent him a little Edible Arrangement to make him happy and then I there's two other birthdays this week that I needed to be like, all right, here you go. Take it be happy. I feel like it makes people happy when you're like cuz it does they know that you like were thinking about them. I used to not be that good. Giving of a person like I wasn't like a dickhead but like I didn't use a good people stuff all the time and it does turn me into this like freakishly obsessed with buying people gives person. Yeah, like I'll see something extremely expensive that I know someone else wants and I'll get it for them before I get it for myself. Hmm. Come on, you know this person going to be so amped when they see a gift. You know, I get it from my mom. I always saw this story with my mom when when she got married. She had a certain like share like a budget for like A wedding outfit and she used it all to get her bridesmaids like her sisters and cousins really good outfits and she didn't even spend on herself and I always think about that but she was like, I think I got it from her because she's like super giving speaking of weddings who your segue God nice segue way God. I'm getting better. Yeah speaking of weddings today. We wanted to talk about being Indian and in a relationship. Up in this day and age. Yeah and how we've gone through it and what we've heard from other people about how they go through it and the struggles and the conflicts and all the stuff in between jazz is super passionate about this topic. I am passionate about this topic is actually a really requested topic people always ask us on our take about this. Yeah, you know just to preface and give a little background. An us we are Canadian born and raised in Canada or first generation Canadian. So our parents were born in India. I just wanted to say that because obviously growing up in Canada is a lot different than growing up in India. We can only talk about like our experiences and how we feel and how we've dealt with it. So just wanted to put that out there. First of all, I'm your first Indian boyfriend. How's that feel? I don't know what it was, but I guess because no I knew what It was I grew up the only girl well the only girl in my family so I had two older brothers but amongst my cousins who I was really close to their only two girls amongst 10 guys. Mmm, so You can probably understand why I had my doubts on dating a brown guy or an Indian guy. Yeah, so I grew up just hanging around generally with white people even though Brampton where we're from is like predominantly Indian like 90% Indian. I found the like my group I had like wine white friend. I had one black friend and I had one white Indian friend like those are like my three best friends, you know, I mean like I had a very diverse group, but I would Was date white guys until me until I'm at hard G until you saw this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief like thank God. She found an Indian boy here. I am I've dated only Indian you have rare Right girls brown girls. I've only get it brown girls. Hmm. But I can understand why like it makes sense. Yeah, because your cousins I love them to death. They're really like it to the spectrum of how Brown you can be. Yeah, they don't like the really fucking Browns eyes. They're not, you know, they're gonna they're not but let's cut this on the podcast that shit. I'm sorry. I think they're just I don't know how to explain it. But it's like a typical Brampton Brown guy not like a tip. There we go. That's what I meant. Okay. Thank you. Yeah what I'm saying, like like they're on the brown super brown size Spectrum. I'm not talking like ruffy. Yeah, I'm talking like, you know, I'm saying know what she's like. I know what you're saying. Can you put this into words for me? So they know what I'm saying? Because I hurt you. I'm sorry, like they're like borderline. Like I feel like on the education side. There are like proper actually what I mean, but then like on the street side, they're like like sometimes they can just blast Punjabi music and you know say like really stupid things and growing up their morals were very typical Indian girls can't date anybody girls can't do this girl's got to do that girls can't do that. So like growing up I was like, oh no, like I think all guys are like this like what if I grow and I'm such an independent person and I'm like what if I grow up and you know, I date a brown guy, he doesn't let me What I want to do like that's scary for me, you know, okay. So my mom her brother and her dad were very like they were born and raised in India. So like there are very Typical Girls just stay in the kitchen shouldn't have a career that kind of stuff and she kind of fought for her freedom and my dad was very like open to her having a free life, I guess but she was still stuck in those she was still stuck. In those like coughs of her dad and her brother. Let me know. This is making sense. Yeah, I know it is. Okay. So she was like still stuck in those like cops because obviously they are still in her life. So there was a lot she couldn't do because you know of these traditions and morals or whatever. So I grew up and I was like, I don't want that for me like I want a relationship where I am I can do whatever the fuck I want. You know, exactly. Yeah, and then I found hard G and then I was like, oh hi. I'm a pretty chill guy. You are pretty sure no I'm pretty relaxed. I'm pretty calm but my mom had the same thing. I'm sure this is everything. Yeah. Yeah. My mom wanted to do all kinds of things where like art and stuff and then Everyone was like fuck that you're gonna get married and move to Canada with this guy. Yeah, it is funny because usually not like the husband's fault. It's like the night. It's a in-laws or the parents also like it's what's common. Yes. So I people just go with it. Yeah at that time people do well with it because I like your lashes what has been done. So this is what we're going to continue to do. I guess my mom always gets like super sad, but also like happy that like because I We got to do this shit that I wanted to do, but I'm glad you guys are able to do what you want. Yeah, and like that's why she's not super hard on or wasn't super hard on me becoming like a doctor or like she could tell I wasn't trying to do that. She would try to push it but then she was like doesn't seem like this guy wants to go to school. Yeah, so she was like omelet I have faith. I'm gonna let him do what he wants to do because no one let me do what I Wanted to do and now I'm here. Thank you. Mom was like it wasn't that easy. We had to fight for it to know. Yeah, like I'm not going to make it something easy though. I know I'm just like putting that out there because that's what we're going to talk about today about like fighting for our relationship and being Indian and be like, yeah, so like at the end of the day, I think our parents are very happy for us and where we are. Am I the first girl friend that you've ever told your mom about the car it's about I'm so A proud of that fact, I've always hated all my girlfriend's. Why is that though? Oh, no to be honest. It wasn't like a conscious decision also comes like it didn't get that real, you know where like I was like not going to stress my mom out. Yeah where this girl down the Bumblebee with next week, you know, but Jazz it was different. I introduced Jazz to my parents, they could randomly almost because we were filming videos and then I would just have you over. Yeah. I've never even had a girl in my home. Yeah, and then eventually they just picked up on like yo, these guys are probably dating and then it kind of got confirmed in like a not not me having to confirm it kind of way. Everyone's understood what was happening and then it was there. Yeah and everyone knew and everyone was happy. Yeah, I think that was the same with my dad. My dad was like I just kind of had harjeet over all the time and it was a it was a little different for us because we like Wesley we did we started dating before we work together, but he just was over helping me with videos or like whatever and then I just be like, yeah, like we work together. He's my business partner and then all of a sudden like I was on your my business partner and then all of a sudden like I'm sleeping over at your house and then my dad was like, okay, I'm not stupid. You know what I mean? Yeah, and but he just never really it's weird because I feel like if I had a mom like my mom would be like well what's going on like Is dating and then it's usually the moms job and then the mom will be like, oh like I'm going to tell your dad as don't usually get involved until this is serious. Here's Tim. Yeah, right. So yeah the same ways that that's how stuff works at my house. So it wasn't there wasn't ever like an official statement, you know, like a press conference that yeah, he does my girlfriend, but it was like one of those like yo like It's a thing and I was like, yeah, that's it done. Yeah, it's funny because like me and dads would try to whenever Jasmine sleepover. We would like set up a mattress on the floor. And put a blanket on the couch to make it seem like we're sleeping on two different surfaces because I was sleeping over because we were working until like five o'clock in the morning. Yeah, and we're like, oh, we don't know where dating and like obviously like we don't want to sleep in the same bed because like that's weird. You know what I mean? Because it's like so like with any of families or even talked about like sex or like you can't even like touch a person like it's weird, you know, I mean like it's very tight. You talk about so we were like, okay, let's just pretend that like I'm sleeping on the couch and you're sleeping on the mattress or whatever exactly. So but then we would close the door and sleep together on the mattress, but still how the blanket up top and when we open the doors seem like we're sleeping so separately, right? Yeah, and then we would do this for like maybe like six months and then my mom was going to England my mom and dad and before they left my mom. I was like yo, if you guys need like a bed to sleep on you can sleep in our bedroom and we're like what the fuck like what like what we all sleep together with the what the fuck you talking about? Huh? That was a game-changing moment because I was shocked because my mom's been like super strict about so many things in my life. I've been told my friends like my childhood friends that story and they're like shut the fuck up because like my mom Mom, that was like try to find out where we were driving around Brampton looking for us when we were drinking like all the other moms have a database of everyone's phone numbers so she could call everybody five seconds. So that was a crazy moment in my life to be honest and I came into the picture and change everything. He's a game. Yeah. I remember when me and her were like we first started dating hard you too, Mom would call him like every hour it was crazy and then Like we'd be like parked across the street and then she'd be like peeking out the window like looking at us before it before she even met me. I remember like she would ask your sister and be like I was he dating anybody like, who's that? Who's that girl in the white car that girl Jazz for like a good couple months was the girl in the white car? Lots of jazz was good while it is so funny my mom's at ninja. Yeah. I know it's crazy. But I think the one thing I taught a hard G coming into the relationship which Want to teach like everybody is y'all just got to be honest talks and you don't you don't underestimate the power. I mean you guys everyone underestimates the power of honesty. Hmm. I started being like really open with my mom when I was like 18 and my high school life was like terrible because I was like, I was like lying to her. I was like I'm hanging out with this person, but I was really hanging out with these people, you know, I mean like especially for my Rebellious phase you would just like automatically lie to your parents because like you don't want them to know that you're drinking and you're going out you want them to think that you're like studying or whatever and all this stuff. And so I started being like really open and honest my mom when I was like 18 and it changed my life. Yeah, like she was like, oh, okay cool because all I wanted to know who the end of the day. They know when you're lying. So if you're lying, they think you're doing something like terrible if I was hanging out with your girlfriend or your boyfriend and you're like, oh, yeah, I'm gonna like go study at the library. They're like really like you're not going to go study. So they assume that you're like fucking snorting cocaine in the bathroom friends exactly your dad somewhere which is like what my mind goes to all the time for some reason dad disappears for 15 minutes longer than she told me she's dead. Yeah, that's where my mind goes but um, Long, wait, what were you were saying about like the whole honesty thing? I I wasn't honest until like I was honest for certain things but not like honest about everything until like we started going out and yo being honest is changes everything like even like you can choose to fight battles earlier. Yeah. So like for example, is this like a simple one say you're going out with your friends, right? And you know, you know, you're coming home at five o'clock in the morning. But you tell your mom you're coming home at 10:00. You're just moving that battle to a later time as going to be more intense. Yes, he's freaking the fuck out and she's not going to sleep. Exactly. So she's awake all night. She's freaking out thinks you're dead. Then you get home and she unleashes that tension onto mmm, but if you in advance of like your mom, I'm coming home at 5, and then she does a bitch you out at that moment. But without the tension, yeah, exactly eventually you'll agree on For ya, and then Commonwealth for ya. And you blessed or even have like smart smart smart lies like if you're like, I'm coming home at 5 a.m. And she's like, well, what the heck? Why are you coming over by Liam? Oh, like, you know all my friends are like they're going to need a ride and I'm going to be the responsible sober driver whatever it is, you know what I mean? Like little things like that, but I just feel like being completely open and honest just you prevent any assumptions. Yeah, and when your parents assume you're doing things they always go to the worst-case scenario. Okay. Let's take a really quick ad break to talk about this really cool podcast called a couple things with Sean and Andrew. It's with former Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson and NFL player Andrew East and they talk about vulnerable stories and embarrassing stories. It's really cute and they have really cool guests on like Kaitlyn bristowe Jason antartic Sadie Robertson and Christian Huff. So if you Would like to listen to them you can listen to the couple things with Sean and Andrew podcast on Spotify or wherever you listen to your favorite podcast. I think if you like us you will probably like them so go check them out. All right, you know what? I mean? There's nothing wrong with a little white lie here and there the yeah, I do it for the sake of my mom's dress. Yeah. See there's something I could tell my mom which is the truth, but me sit like just changing the truth a little bit to take stress off of her. I'll do that. Yeah, like I would never tell your mom or my dad that like I'm sick. Yeah, you know, I mean because like I just like I'll just deal with it myself. You know, there's no point. I like you got into like an accident that's not like a crazy accident more like you'll see that your arm is missing. Yeah, you got a little accident but my mom's you me stressed, you know, let me just if I just take care of it I took care of it. It's funny because my dad got into an accident and didn't tell me and then I called him because like I just called him till I call him and then he like sounded like he was dying. And I was like, what's wrong? Are you good bro? He's like yeah, I kind of got into an accident and then I was like all did you tell like your mom because he lives with his mom or like my grandma lives with us and that song it's so funny my grandma lives with him and she he's like, no just need to know I'm like, it's so funny because like, he's my dad and he's lying to his mom, but it's the same. Yeah, it's the same way. No. Anyways, this whole podcast was supposed to be I guess it is about being Indian and in a relationship and how to like I think that was the first like big Point. Yeah honesty is key. I definitely think it's okay to hide a relationship a little bit when you're not a hundred percent sure. Yeah because you know people can get attached and like all that stuff but then like if you've been dating a guy for like a year You're dating a girl for a year. I think it's okay to like be like hell yeah, like will come meet my parents. I feel like that's an any relationship whether like whether your Indian or not or it doesn't have to be a meet my parents thing. I think that's like a really serious thing that could be destigmatize. Like I think it's very like Oh, then you're going to meet the parents and then they're going to be like like let's get you guys married or whatever. I agree with what you say and I don't feel like that's the case, especially if you're open and honest with a person and your parents like if you're like, hey, like I'm dating this girl. Like I'm still I'm still feeling it out, you know what I mean and like maybe or like we're not ready to get married and don't even bring up the subject, please but like I want her to be able to come over him to be able to come over. Yeah, so Like I feel like it's okay and I feel like we live especially being an Indian American or Indian Canadian. We live in this like, oh our parents are going to be like this way in this way in this way. I think it's okay to try to change Traditions. Yeah and try to change mentality. Even if you do live in India, it's gonna be hard but I think it's worth the battle to be like y'all. Look it's 20 20 times have changed. I think that you need to kind of respect what I have to say and I think that you have to like I think it's okay to talk to your parents. Ultimately. I agree with you. I'm part of the problem. That's Italian. Mmm. That's right, man. Like if you introduce your parents to your the person you're dating it should be light. Yeah, you should be able to be like yo, I'm just dating this person. Hmm. It's want to let you know where I've been for a couple hours every day, you know. Yeah, I shouldn't have to be a we're getting married thing. I agree. Yeah, you're smart person Jazz a big thing. I learned is to over explain everything do your parents. So if you're like, they're like, why are you dating? Like we had an arranged marriage and you should like do you shouldn't be dating people like you should just get married. I think it's okay to be like luck. The divorce rate is like this crazy, especially for Indians. It's a 50th crate like the percent like look up the facts and just present that to your parents and I feel like parents can't argue with the facts. I don't so many people have gotten divorced man. I used to shoot Indian weddings and there's just one couple it was arranged. Mmm. They got divorced when they landed after their honeymoon. That's crazy. They got married spent maybe upwards of $100,000 on the wedding. Once the honeymoon which is probably also very expensive realize they don't like each other at the honeymoon come back divorce. And now they're getting remarried to other people all that money wasted for old-school values and traditions but shouldn't be around now. Yeah, but I mean like we've evolved is 20/20 and I think as as children, I think we need to fight for that. Fight for because I know a lot of people are like, oh like I'm going to be better to my kids. Yeah, you know what I mean, or I wouldn't be like whatever but like just fight for yourself man. Like you're worth it like just fight for the life that you want and your parents there. There's no way to change your parents mind unless you try over and over and over again. Yeah, because if you fight now You're fighting for everyone else as coming up, you know, like like sure you can be a better parent in the future if you have that type of mindset, but there's other people in the world that aren't going to be that better parent. So if you set the example now that can trickle down to other families and other areas of the world and your story can get there and be like yo this person did this way. Why can't we do it this way because I often do hair like oh, Oh, your cousin is doing this your cousin got married. Your cousin has his Bachelor your cousin blah blah blah blah blah, right. So be that cousin that's like yo, my cousin's fucking a lot of my cousin's parents hate my guts because like some of my cousin's don't want to do the whole like gutter school. Not the Go-Go school thing, but do like the main the main jobs like the cans and the doctors and stuff and they'll just throw my name in there. How do they go to school then? I'm like fuck man. I just do that to me like that man. Not your parents hate me. What the fuck but you're an example. Yeah example, I'm a good example, I get it and like they'll understand eventually, but yeah, yeah man just like set that example math, but that example because like I even think about like people I know that have kids and I can see them put their the same values that they They hated growing up onto their kids because you can do it two ways. Right? You can be like I wasn't locked do this. So I'ma let you do this or you can do it the other way where you like since I didn't get to do is you don't get to fucking do it. I also think it's not even like a conscious decision. It happens. It's just it just happens like you're like, I know so many people like I'm not going to do this to my kids. I'm not going to act this way to my kids like whatever and then I see them with their kids and they're acting the same way the parents acted with them. You know what I mean? Also, you have your your parents that are dealing with your kids and they're putting those values are like wait. Why are you treating her like this? Like I didn't treat you like that and then you're like and then now you're like now you have to battle that battle like basically ten times worse because now you're not only fighting for yourself. Now you're fighting for your kid, and so just just be honest with your parents, you know what I mean? And I think it's really important. important to change values and traditions and evolve and I think I honestly think that like, I mean no hate because I'm indeed as well and I love I love the culture and I love the Traditions, but I feel like I see it so much today and I feel like It's crazy. And I think the only way to change it is if we change it. I was gonna also say that like I see it a lot today because obviously we're in the public eye and like we get a lot of comments on our videos and as Indians doing doing a lot of Western stuff people comment some interesting things and I feel like I feel like I am constant like why are people thinking like this like, why are people like this and it's because they grew up with these values and traditions. Ins and they don't realize that it's okay to change, you know, like I'll get we talked about like Saks we talked about like dating we talked about being a couple and as an Indian couple that's weird for some people, you know what I mean? Yeah, that's weird for people and so they're like well, how are your parents allowing? This you're like, why aren't you guys married? Like, how are you living together and you're not married and and it's it just baffles me that people still think this way, but it's So common, it's normal. Like even when we first started like making videos I had someone in my family that was like talking mad shit. So my parents went over to their house and they're just having like a normal like know they're having tea biscuits whatever they do and then they randomly started like being like yo hard G and this girl because you were still desirable girl are talking about sex and stuff. On the internet and doing like sketches and like acting sexual things or whatever the fuck this is like, you know, your son's doing porn. He must have bought the fuck these head and then My parents actually held it down and they're like fuck you. Okay, do you not watch Bollywood movies? You know, how how many things they do in those movies? Why is that? Okay. Yeah, and they're acting in that and then we can act over here and do our own thing like like why is it double standard happening? Why is it these actors in Bollywood can do certain things and you guys watch it and enjoy it exactly money to go see it. But then your kids do it and it's weird. Yeah bad. What the fuck doesn't make any sense. So my parents held it down and fuck those people. I don't like them. I'll go fuck her just dealing with some stuff, huh? I'm just getting my car. Just dealing with some stuff right now when people people talk smack men. They're just jealous. I don't forget about it. You know what it's actually really funny just as an Indian couple doing what we done the past four years. I realize it took me a long time to realize this but I was like People hating on us like why why are people like all like Jasmine are you doing this? They're like talking shit about us and I realize it's because we're doing things that everybody wants to do but they don't have the guts to do hmm. You know, I mean it took me a long time to realize that and that's why I will continue to do whatever the fuck I want as an Indian girl and not talk about it like not like we don't really talk about this subject at all. We just kind of do it. I think the past two years. So I started to care about you not gonna speak for you. I started to give a fuck and like try to like, you know, stay within the boundaries of certain things, but I realized two days ago that fuck all that I'm gonna do. Yeah. I'm about to what we used to do and just do what felt right and deal with the consequences of that later and not try to play this game of your you gotta stay within your below. But yeah, you got offend these people over here naw man, just say What you feel and as is that okay, let's take a really quick add break to talk about anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's actually what we use to make our podcast anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify a podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one. Place. So if you guys want to get started just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- cool back to the Pod. Also wanted to quickly talk about parents happiness because I feel like we skipped over that and I'm a forgot that point. Yeah. A lot of people say do it do things to make your parents happy, right? And that's the reason you should be doing these things so that for example if your parents wanted to become a doctor and that's their dream for you and then we'll make them extremely happy. I fled you can choose like my main goal when one of my goals is to make my parents really fucking happy. I thought you can choose where you do that you don't have to do everything that they want you to do, but you can find other ways to make them happy that they don't even know yet. Don't know that will make them happy but show them. Yeah, like if you want to be something if you want to be a YouTuber you if you want to be an actor if you want to be whatever it's as an Indian person whose parents only want you to be a doctor. You got to work your fucking ass off and you got to be prepared to work because you got to show them that look I can be successful doing something that you didn't want me to do and in turn that's going to make you happy. You know what I mean? Because all they care about is you being successful at the end of the day your Aaron's will not be happy if you're not happy exactly. So a lot of people start doing things that their parents want them to do and they won't Express to the parents that they're unhappy so then their parents are happy that they're doing the things that they wanted and no one knows what the fuck's happening. Yeah. So your parents at the end the day don't want you to be unhappy. So if you tell him like yo by me doing this for you, I'm gonna be extremely sad for the rest of my life. I'm sure they'll understand. Yeah, because like I I know so many people that have fallen into that. I got to be a doctor. I got a real or I gotta go to med school whatever and then in turn they're like partying every night. They're smoking. They're drinking. They're like hanging out with the really bad people because they need to get away from this like terrible career that they didn't want to do. You know what I mean? Like, I know people who wanted to be like an accountant but then their parents want them to be a doctor like An accountant would still make your parents really happy you just gotta fight for what you want because intern you're not going to have a good life. If you don't is there anything else that we need to touch on about relationships? I feel like we kind of like segue to your advice. I know I think that was like the biggest one me and hard G will obviously continue like if you are Indian and you're having issues mean hard, you will always continue to try and be that role model for you. Guys to be like look at Jasmine harjeet like they're living together in La they're not married. That's one of the biggest reasons. I'm also I don't want to get married so quickly because like I mean hard you want to get married like we know we're the ones for each other like whatever but we're no rush to get married because I think it's so important even for me as a woman being in such a public relationship to be like Look, it's not the end-all be-all to get married. It's not the light of your life a biggest moment of your life. Yeah, it's a great moment. It's a milestone. I think it's a milestone. I think the bigger moment is when you realize that you love someone I think that's the moment that's important. I don't think the wedding is the important moment. I think when you realize you're in love with this person, you can spend the rest of your life with them. That's the moment that you should cherish and this is just like a little Thing that you do is it fabrication. It's like yo, let's have a party. It's a party. Yeah, it's literally a party. Yeah as well a wedding is in my mind. Yeah, because in my head, I mean dads are like bonded together for life exactly already without signing a paper getting a ring. So I feel like I'm another big thing is you can establish your own rules. Yes pick up on this because of my migraine is like so funny because me and Hardy it had like an epiphany. So funny because like we're so connected me and him we knew we were soaked I never know to talk to you or to like them but I'll figure it out. I mean heard you two are so connected in terms of our relationship where like whenever I feel a certain way. I heard you will also feel that way and it's so funny because mean heard you had this Epiphany like two days ago. I wish we recorded that conversation. Yeah. We were just like look, why are we? We the past like two years we've been chasing something that is not what we want. You know what I mean? And we were chasing this like certain life because society believes that if you are this you got to go you got to take these steps to be in this place, you know, and I don't know if that makes any sense to you guys, but I don't want to like gay specifics if if that's a whole other topic. It's also like the doesn't relate to a lot of people but basically we were like why the fuck are we following all these rules all these? Apps and I feel like that's the same way in terms of being in terms of Life. Why does everybody have to get married have kids, you know retire at 50 like why is that? Why are those the rules that Society has put on us and why do we have to do it and it's and realizing that it's okay to do things differently. You know what I mean? Like you don't have to follow these rules. I feel like there's a this blueprint that's like set out for everyone and everyone used to it won't be less than need to follow it and you don't like even like the way like, you have to get like a small house, you know to get a bigger house. Yeah, you have to get kids and you have to get this card, you know the upgrade that car to a bigger car and you got to do all these things and then if your neighbor got to pull it and you have to get the pool. Yeah you better than your fucking neighbor and all these things would just you create in your own head like it's not really there. You're letting other people control your Yeah, unlike if you do click where we got trapped as we started looking at other people's life and we were like how they get that. Why didn't we get that and we be sad because we didn't get it and we didn't know why we didn't get it and we didn't know how to get it but then a couple days ago, we were like wait. Do you even want it? We want it? Yeah, I why do we want it? Yeah, you want it? We don't want it. We don't want it. We don't we pissed why are we this is not even what we want we want. Bigger and better things anyways, it's like you just kind of yeah back to like the just make your own rules for your life. Yeah, and I think like times are changing and it's okay to say no no is such an important word and I think it's okay to be like, hey mom and dad like I don't want to get married to this person or like hey mom and dad. Like I know that you know, the wedding is coming up but look, I just realized I'm not in love with this person don't go through with the fucking wedding cause you're gonna get divorced and Just save yourself the drama facts, especially if you cheated on the person before the wedding right there. I can go out how many minutes I can go on for days ago? Well, 40 minutes. We can go longer if you want. No. No, I'm just curious. Like I just I am in the talking mood. But yeah Green keep going. No. No, it's good. I we should stop here before I say something stupid. Okay, but if you have more questions about this topic, Epic if you're watching on YouTube comment below and ask those questions and we'll maybe answer them in the next one or the next podcast. Yes. And then if you're not watching on YouTube and you were listening on Spotify or a podcast, you can go to our Instagram at you TV or Twitter at its you to TV and ask us there. Yes, and we're planning on doing a Q&A pod cast very soon. So just however, you can by any means send us the questions and we'll answer them within the next couple of Cuz you know what I'll do to make things a lot easier figure it out. Okay on you two TVs Instagram. Yeah, I'm gonna do a poll saying do you have any questions for our podcast and is pulled as live and know this I'll keep this pole in the Highlight Okay cool. So you can ask questions for as many times as long as you want and go there and ask the question and then we'll answer it on one podcast and we'll just do a whole Q&A pod. Just yeah, so yeah, so I'll go to our user TV Instagram if you want to ask this question. Basically, I'm perfect and again if you're watching on YouTube subscribe, if you're listening on Spotify a podcast subscribe follow rate it leave a girl reading stuff like that. Love you guys and just be your fucking self fight for yourself by for what you want. It's okay to focus on your career and not focus on getting married one more thing take the time to Understand and realize what you want. Yes, take a day. Take a week take a month and just think about who you are and what you want your life to look like in 20 years. I don't know a lot of people. Okay. Sorry, no good visit. Yeah. I know a lot of people are like, I wanna I wanna BMW but but really self why you want the BMW will it honestly makes me happy really really think about it and be like, Is your first thought about the BMW the fact that you get to show other people that BMW and be honest be honest. Is that you do you want to flex is that the purpose? Yeah, and it's flexing is a huge thing for you to fucking go for it get the BMW, but I feel like it's so important to just take the time how much every time you need to just figure out what it is that you want. Yeah, and how you want your life. Yes. I think this cues like what? You want to be in 20 years 30 years? Well, I'm exactly what the fuck you all right now going to be something completely fucking different ask yourself. Why okay. There's a totally different topic now. So let's let's say this for a different High School. Peace out, man. Okay, love love. Love you guys. Bye.