Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome to another episode of the Chromecast. My name is Joe Humphrey. And today I am joined by Robbie pain. What's up? Everyone and Gabriel Bringers good day. Oh don't mind me. I click hit so you came to not make noise this morning. We already have her punching. Usually me. We already tried one take and it didn't work. So is the only one in uniform today? That's right speaking of uniform. I wore all Uniforms on Friday. Yeah. It's casual Friday at the cross. I have to order some more uniforms. We were pretty casual everyday, but I think if we did Casual Friday that would mean like I'm going to wear my sweats. Yeah, and maybe my robe in my pajamas sleep my sleep. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah the uniforms they're speaking of our our new merch that we have. So little quick update on our giveaway are on the run to 100K giveaway that we're doing. We are quickly approaching 1 Thousand subscribers on YouTube and so we put together a little giveaway and our first achievement. Our first level has been unlocked. We hit 90 K and what four days four five? Yeah for five days. I'm like that. So I mean it was a I think we started at like 86 so we had almost 4,000 subscribers in that time which for us is pretty substantial. It was a big a big uptick of the very good. Yeah, and so thanks so much to everyone who entered to win. The winners have been notified and verified and contacted. So if you haven't been contacted and you didn't win sorry, but here's the good news everyone over everyone who entered to win if you if you if you weren't one of the winners for the 90k prize. You are still eligible to win the pixel for bundle at 95,000 and then the brand new Asus Chromebook flip see 434 At the 100,000 level so still some amazing prizes to be won. So and not to take away from what people have one already. But oh absolutely. These are the big ones. Yeah the 90 or the 90k stuff. I mean we ended up adding a couple things so we gave away a nest many a third gen Chromecast a Google home starter kit to bridge ctype keyboards and some sound Pete's true Wings wireless earbuds. How did I For all of that this time. Oh, man, I guess getting looked at it. So many I know we've taken so many pictures of it and looked at it and talked about it. So yeah, those prizes are great. And honestly, I mean that's more than we've ever even that's more than we've given away to this point like up to this date like yeah, all of our other giveaways have been like Hey, we're going to give away a Chromecast we're gonna give away this so yeah. We wanted to go big we want to go big on this one more on that. We wanted to step up our giveaway game Chrome. Can I win? No sure. You have a good chance. Yeah. You didn't them. Yeah, we've had a we've had a lot of entries but in the world of giveaways, I mean if you go and look at some of the giveaways at some of these other Tech firms do Tech blogs. I mean, you still have really good odds of winning. I think we're at 73 thousand entries right now most 74. Okay, so it but you know weigh less because you get multiple entries for different things so you can kind of go in there and check it out. So yeah, I think I think I think if you haven't entered to win already, please go enter to win. And go to the website click on the banner up top. We might maybe move that Banner around but we'll make it easy to find somehow be what's on the site. Once it leaves the header space. It'll be in Contents. Yeah, or yeah, or maybe we add like a little button or something that isn't the big banner or something. I don't know. We need to we know but it's also not it's pinned on Twitter. You can find out. Yeah, so it's a ourselves or just go on the site and search 100K. So yeah, if you haven't entered win, please go in here to win if you have entered to win already. You're still eligible for the next two prizes that we are quickly approaching. So we're I mean what 92 something thousand subscribers already? Not quite a 90 to get I thought I thought it was 92. But let's the course the YouTube studio app is always behind. So yeah looked online yet. So so yeah, we're excited about that. And then of course the uniforms are available if you if you want the if you want the official Chrome unbox uniform, right? We put together a couple really cool designs that are playing on the dyno game that is available. When you are offline and chrome we thought that was kind of a fun thing that we could do to play around with and we kept the design fairly the same. We added a couple little touches. We added our little 8-bit. Oh up on the top near the near the high score Robbie Robbie and is particular about his design. So he made sure everything looked nice. So it's a Nice design like everything looks really good on the design. It's a t-shirt or I'm wearing the crewneck sweatshirt today. This is this is a design that I want to wear around that I would go by to wear anyway, so we're really happy with how they turned out go check it out online. If you go to the giveaway page, there's a link in there, but everything is on Cotton Bureau. So we partnered with cart cotton Bureau. They're awesome. You can do on demand direct to garment. Shirts and different things with them. So that's the route we went for this one. We set our price margin as low as possible because we wanted to keep the price down and just get these shirts out to as many people as we could anybody that wants one so go check it out. Go to Chrome on box.com find the 100K giveaway either be right up topper a button or yeah, you can just search 100K. So let's dig in to some Chrome OS news enough about a giveaway. The giveaway is awesome. But it is Chrome OS news's is more for we get into that all summer. That's check that out. Yeah, I love it. There's yeah it says this is Joanna room area. She's a she's awesome Twitter follower and reader and she member member on YouTube YouTube and we've had some core interactions with her. She is at work today with her Chrome on her. Yeah. She should on the regular red. Yeah. She's been regular. She sent us another photo. I think she's she bought both designs. So shout out to her. Thanks so much for Porting I mean shout out to everybody who's bought the shirts and her and I wearing those out and about we've we've got some really fun Twitter photos and stuff. So if you if you did get a shirt, make sure to snag a cool photo will we will retweet it. You'll be Twitter famous, which means not famous. All right, let's dig into some criminal s news the fun stuff fun stuff. I mean giveaways are super fun. But this is more fun for us. This will be nerd out about so last week. I was trying to recall exactly kind of how we talked about it. As we were sitting here getting ready. We kind of figured out last week. We talked a little bit about Arc VM and how Arc VM works. I can't remember what led us to that discussion. We remember thing completely. Yeah, but I remember you went on a tangent and yeah walking about that cuz my thought was it was going to be how they would Mount Android or containerize Android for like Enterprise maybe or something. We just knew that we we've seen arc V him all over the place for months now and it's just not been real. Clear, right? It's still what they were going to do with that. And so we we had already put the pieces together to know that our VM was basically. Hey, let's put Android in a container the same way that we figured out things with Linux and if you look at it when they did the arc + + thing when they first brought Android over we've had some conversations with some of the Chrome team and part of the whole introduction of that idea was honestly them kind of stuff. Lying upon the idea of doing it to begin with it wasn't this master plan. There wasn't this big meeting and they were like, here's what we're going to do is this is how weird it was like developer stumbling upon an idea of being able to do it and then starting to kind of run with it and going we think this is going to be a thing like you think we can do this and so that's where our plus plus so that's the way that they aren't just stands for Android runtime for Chrome. And so that's that's the way that it it started Ryan and then A just kind of figured out that hey this works but there's a better way. Yeah, so like the way that they brought when they started messing with crostini and you know to Gabe's credit he found evidence of this way before it was announced at me so far before like you were talking about I remember I thought about that the other day you were talking about containers and Linux in a theoretical term months before the pixel book came out because you were like, hey the pixel books and have all kinds of storage and RAM. Maybe that's what it's for. Yep. And so I'm We're talking two and a half years ago Gabe was talking about like there's something there's something happening what the hell what it is, but it's been fun. If we had a podcast at that time because know like everything we talked about on this podcast is just the stuff that we sit around and talk about right. Yeah, so it would have been cool to have a record of that. But yeah, I mean two and a half years ago to couple articles there's an article you wrote about the pixel book. I just don't know what the title was but it you can look at it and know that whenever that Markle came out we were tracking this stuff for months before that even. So Christina is not something that just came out a year and a half ago or whatever. It's it was in the works for quite some time before that but it started after they'd started with Android and getting the Android runtime which is basically the Android framework. If you look at Chrome OS the way that that it's sitting if you kind of Imagine kind of a base of what you call bare metal or you know, the motherboard and all the hardware Chrome OS sits right on that. It has access to all those pieces will so does the Android runtime like it sits right on that but they sit next to each other. So when you see it drawn out by the developers and Google when they say look here's how it works. It's just it's there also and so they don't need the entire you don't need a full instance of Android because you don't need the UI parts of Android. You just need the rent. I'm you need it to be able to execute Things Chrome OS handles the hey, I'll put this in my window and run it and so there are clearly issues. With this with this method one of the major flaws and in this is that Chrome OS is built on a handful of pillars. You'll hear Google talk about this all the time of Simplicity and speed and security. And so we all know Android isn't the most secure thing in the world part of that is because of the framework the way it's built but a lot of that's just because it's an operating system that finds itself on how remember what the crazy percent is, but if you take the entire world and all the operating All the people run Android is Far and Away the largest operating system in the world. That's because it runs on all kinds of things, you know, it's not just computers and or phones and so that makes it a big Target and so as a big Target, it's just more prone to get malware and all that kind of stuff. No different than Windows was years ago when Windows was kind of The Only Name the game. So with that you've got now this runtime sitting next to Chrome that is trying to share the same Hardware as Chrome that is nowhere near safe as Chrome. And so the problem then you run into is Android can't do all the things that users expect Android to do like they get on their phone. So sideloading apps as a perfect example of this and in the Android world, I don't need to turn my phone into developer mode. I don't have to have to jump through a whole lot of Hoops to sideload an application. I'll get a warning screen, you know, are you sure you trust this ABK this is not coming from a secure Source. Yes. Cool. It's on you now you chose to do this, but we're not going to make you jump through a whole bunch of Hoops for it. Well Chrome OS doesn't feel the same way about doing something like that, especially with an APK. So until you put your Chromebook in developer mode, it can't sideload apps and that's kind of a cool part about Android. You know that take Fortnight. For example, I mean, it's a massive game. It's a massive player base. It's you know a game that is trusted and it's not like people We'll go and install Fortnight on Android all the time completely side-loaded though. They went around the Play Store and that's the way that you go about putting it on your phone and you can't do that on a Chromebook one because it's day the little installer will say, you know that this device isn't supported. But even if it was supported without putting your your Chromebook in a state where it is not secure anymore. You can't do that that basic kind of Android thing and that and that becomes part of the issue with the way. That Arc + + is sitting next to Chrome in the way that it's set up right now. So Arc VM, it turns out is an answer to a different way of having Android apps on Chrome OS and how it will play out. We're not really sure but what Kyle Bradshaw did some just excellent like digging around in the repositories. I mean it was it was will link his article. It's a good read. Yeah and what like willing cars in my article links his article that multiple times because I was just like dude you absolutely crushed it with this but his his article he really dug down deep into some of the things that aren't VM is going to do on the way to them getting Android 11 out for Chromebook. So all of this is to say ultimately already they're working on Android 11 for Chrome OS it's in the works and this is important because generally speaking Android is always behind on Chromebooks. Even though it was like a year and a half ago where they were like, yeah, we don't have to update to the newest version to get all the latest stuff. Right like, you know, we could wait. It's all pieced out of this. So we don't you don't have to be on Android 10 to enjoy some of the and wrote in features, you know have to be an Android 10 to be able to run all this and blah blah whatever and that's the beauty of using a framework is that they write they can piece it together. However, they want and so so the version of Android that we're on hasn't been this. Oh my God, we got to make sure that we're on Android whatever, you know, it's more of a You know, this is this is cool. We'll chill on Android 9 obviously Android 10 just didn't happen and so in Kyle's article you found. Hey, they've just I think they've abandoned development of indirect and they're just moving on to 11 and this isn't odd. They skipped other versions as well as I skipped 8, I believe like we went from 7 to 9. So to go from 9:00 to 11:00 to not that big of a deal gain. It's a framework in my guess is with our VM because he found reference There that a art plus plus is done after Android 10 like the it's roadmap ended at Android 10. So it'll be done at that point and then we're going to move into a new phase of Android on Chromebooks and that's going to be the arc VM model. And so we're still not sure exactly like all the advantages that will take. So we're guessing it's not like they've laid this out in the repositories and said here's why we're doing this and do their stuff but very good. A job that would be convenient. Yeah, but they're just doing a job, but we can we can suppose some things inside loading apps would be one of those things because now instead of Arc + + sitting on the metal and kind of sharing resources and stuff like that. They can containerize and sandbox the entire experience just like they do with Linux on Chromebooks. And so I think the timeline here is is important to consider because aren't plus plus was kind of like a moon shot kind of I think we're going to do this. Let's do it and they just started doing it. They announced it and you know, it's taken a long time. It's still not perfect by any means. It's pretty good. It's pretty solid. You can run their very very rarely. Do I come across an Android app that simply won't work on right? But that's just not that that usual but Now that they've gotten to this point, it's it feels like they've reached the end of what they can accomplish with Arc + + as far as what they want to do and on the side they've all been over here working on Linux and instead of announcing it to the world before it was ready. They spent time kind of incubating this thing told everybody about it said hey, we're working on it. And because Linux is a bit of a more low profile thing to most users. It hasn't had the pressure on it like Android did to like, you know fix this now or else I'm not buying a Chromebook until my apps when right, you know kind of thing. Like people can get by without Linux. And so now I think that they've put a few years into this building these containers that can house virtual machines. It's just like, oh cool we can do that with Android 2 and now we get all these benefits because we figured out the container and we've made this thing work so seamlessly. I mean you share files between Android and are between Linux and chrome no big deal you There's all these things in specially is Gabe keeps digging into the stuff that we're finding. Like maybe they've really done some work here to make this thing cool and it's kind of exciting to think about them taking all of that. And then just hey instead of putting Linux in that container. Let's put Android in that container. Now, the security issues are nullified because we're not worried about that stuff. It's in its own container. So now Android can act like Android normally does we can probably think my guess would be it'll be easier to update Android. It's in its own container. It's you know, maybe For instance of Android. I'm not sure or they'll just keep the just the framework in there. I don't who knows I would say this would be more secure for Enterprise users and education users. They're not gonna have to worry so much about like all this crap for the it professionals to worry about like is this secures it's going to work and we do that because it's in a container and so now they can run let Chrome OS be its thing. It's safe its secure it simple and you add these containers on That can do full functioning things, but are completely sandboxed and all the security issues if Android has a security issue turn the Android container off and and none of that stuff overlaps. And so there's so many benefits to how this will help and they're clearly rolling forward with that like Arc + + is done officially like you can see there's evidence of that. They've stated that so the old way of doing Android apps is gone. My hope is that this way because they'll be able to I think fully flesh out Android in this container. I feel like it's going to be a more stable more solid version of Android on Chromebooks. I don't know that most users will even notice that it happens. So are there any performance gains are benefits to this? I doubt it. Yeah Art's always Moses from a performance standpoint. I mean that thing runs right on the metal. So there's there's nothing standing in the way for the end user. They're not going to know any no, I don't think it'll look any Different I don't think I don't think the end users going to noticed anything other than hey, I want a side load nap. I can just go into that setting and Android that says allow sideloading apps flip a little switch. And yes, because again, the security risk is nowhere near as great. Yeah, because I don't know that container Rising anything would change anything from a performance standpoint and that's kind of cool. Actually. The think of the containers have gotten to the point where they're this transparent with the hardware that there That they're chilling on because again, what you got to remember is what we're talking about here is like imagine a container in your putting a thing in it. Whatever that thing is to run and this is running on Virtual machines which are set up to run over a network basically, so I have my my computer here and there's a computer across town sitting in a closet that's hooked up to the network and I'm virtually running stuff on it and visualizing that on my screen. Well remove all of the network problems. And latency and distance and all that stuff. And now you're the virtual machine is just hanging out right on. Yeah, the device perfect example is that's what's happening fiddling with another Linux desktop the other day and the way this one works is you run the Linux desktop in the crostini container. Then you dial are quote in here you dial into the IP address of that container. I with a viewer and that viewer actually displays. The version of Linux or the desktop that you're running in that container. So it's the same thing as doing a remote desktop or something of that nature where you're using an OS or something that is running on a different machine. But as Robbie said you're removing everything that's in between the two devices right running inside of it. So it's kind of an Inception thing. But but yeah, so that does remove a lot of the latency issues and the performance issues when you're doing that you got think to Google has is doing this not just for Chrome OS I mean Google has been leveraging containers in this type of technology for their cloud-based stuff for Enterprise for years ago. Yeah, that's kind of what what clued Us in to some of this stuff happening. We saw some of the same language of what they were doing for cloud platform now showing up in Chromebooks and it's like because ultimately Cloud platform, I think if am I correct in saying it all runs Chrome OS now, right or it's a yeah chromium worker. Yeah, it's chromium OS and so all that stuff that is handling all this Enterprise data and stuff. It's all It's basically Chrome OS being leveraged for that. So once they figured it out there, it's like heck we'll just we'll do it on the local machine because I remember what it was. We were talking about the Google phone. Oh, that's right from chrome Chrome OS Chromebook phone something Chrome phone combo. That's what you're talking about because we were saying this technology the this way of leveraging. Can you call them local VMS or whatever? I don't know exactly what it is a local a local VM to perhaps have some sort of phone aspect built into the show S as well. So yeah, that's what it was. I'm sitting there thinking this whole time. I'm like you're talking I'm like, oh, yeah, that's what it was. What were we talking about? It's just cool and that's even said anything about the fact that endured 11 is already being worked on your Chromebook. Like we're always behind and you know phones are moving on and the Android Community everybody's used. At or was used to a couple phones the pixel phones having the latest version and everybody else kind of lagging behind. It's so cool to see interval Evans not out, you know, and it's already being developed and worked on for Chrome OS, you know, so it gives me hope that in the future the Chrome OS ecosystem will start adopting more of a pixel kind of mentality towards Android updates. Like when the Android developer preview comes out to be cool, you know next year when and R12 is being worked on in there like 12 developer previews out. Would you like to try it on your Chromebook? Sure, we'll start developer preview in here because when the pixel phones get Android whatever Chrome OS should too because regardless of who makes the Chromebook Google handles and oversees the OS and this, you know, it's not liking Droid that way like this is everybody's getting the same OS everybody's getting the same stuff. So it'd be really cool if Chromebooks one of the benefits of Chromebooks were hey, you want the latest version of Android. Here's another piece of Hardware you bye-bye a Chromebook and you'll have the Version of Android the latest version of Chrome OS all the time. So it's exciting to see it's exciting that that's that's already being developed and I don't again, I don't know that the end user is going to be like, oh neat. I have endured 11 because we've talked about it a thousand times and Os is just to platform to deliver apps. So app compatibility is a little better maybe but I think you know from from a performance perspective and inabilities perspective. Some of those things will open up with with Arc VM the Being the way that they move forward. Yeah, and I mean like you said with all of this is a bit speculative because we don't we don't know exactly what's happening here. I mean, we know it's we know that Ark VM is the way forward but how it's going to be leveraged exactly and right. What if they just what advantages there are going to be like that'll that'll just have to come as we start discovering more about the eggs if they so throw the same framework into the VM. It's like it's the same thing same thing just it's different way to get to the same spot. So It will be more secure. But again unless security has been at the top of your list of things to worry about on a given day. Like it's not going to really affect not a huge deal here. But it even though a lot of people won't notice it. It'll lay the groundwork. I think for things to be better and more secure and more stable moving forward. Right? Well, that's the thing is because crostini is actually it's not just Linux ABS. It is the container technology and everything that it includes and so I'm assuming that maybe I'm wrong, but I'm assuming that this Arc VM will now be kind of umbrella under the crostini because it's using that container technology and I was actually just looking but side loading and ADB and all that stuff in crostini is already a thing. That's all already there. You can do that using Linux Absa crostini. So those pieces are already in place. So yeah from a developer standpoint. It probably is just going to make things so much smoother and easier to see something was to do this well, and when you make things easier for developers and their use it forever, they're able to get their software and programs out to people easier and that means that the end user gets the things they want the software that they want on their Chromebooks. So it's a win-win so cool stuff. Let's talk about one thing. That's a bit of a bummer before we take a quick break here. And that is that Google I/O at least the get together. I don't know. I'm going to on-site. Yeah, I was gonna say physical get together with that sounds weird glass of Google I/O boy. There we go. What on-site the on site that has been canceled due to the what's the word of love? Covid-19 Yeah Rose. Yeah, the the scare of it is escalating. Yeah fear that is Yeah, coronavirus and to clue. I mean, I don't know that we've talked about this on the podcast but we were planning on going to an event. I'm not going to say who yeah, we can't say that but we were planning on going to an event next week. Yeah, we've been going on we were scheduling flights had actually already bought a flight already had a hotel reserved and we're confirming our RSVP and our contact emailed back and said that they had cancelled due to You have concerns about the you know, the the I don't know if it's we were talking about this just in the office. Is it a pandemic now? I don't know that it's still a pandemic. It's hasn't hasn't it's just scary. It's just a scary. But what I was told ya sayin not going to mention any names but a certain company told me that it was yeah, exactly. Therefore would not give me a refund on a product exactly. Yeah, talk about something. Yes this make up an airline. I don't know it's garbage Airline. Dealt. No, it wasn't it wasn't actually Delta. That was just that was a that's a gentleman John Mulaney bit if he hadn't so so yeah, I mean, I don't know. I think that given the circumstances I can't you know, obviously you can't blame these companies for wanting to obviously, you know not be a part. Yeah, that's what play a part in the spread of this virus. Potentially. It's tough because I mean when it And you know immediately my thoughts are I roll on my gosh, you know because there's so many sides of this and we won't get into the politics of it. But you know, they canceled this event that we were going to it was in New York, and we're like, seriously we had we had committed to go and this and that whatever but then a week after they cancelled the event there's now been it's not in Manhattan, but there's been a small outbreak in Northern exact Northern New York. So I think it just there's one in Tennessee now. Yeah, we're getting worse. Are you going today getting close to how you're going to work on a little we were okay. So James. Yeah, it's a tornado's down there. And yeah. Oh, yeah, I forgot about that. It's a crazy thing. It's a crazy thing that's going on in like Gabe said we're not going to get into the politics of it. I think that the thing we need to talk about is that the on site has been canceled for Google I/O, so there will be no, you know get together, but they are still planning on doing virtual. Streams virtually helmets damn. It said they didn't put themselves on the hook for that. Yeah, because you've got like everyone's Twitter is now mandated their employees in certain areas to work from home. Yeah. So yeah, my girlfriend works for the government and they're already being required to take their computers home in case there is an outbreak like yeah, so they Google didn't say what they were doing. I said, they're looking into other options likely their Cloud next event. That's next month. They had It before this announcement came out, but they said they're doing a what they used the term and everybody's put in quotes virtual first. Is that what it was? So did you first get your digital first event? Whatever that means. You don't have to spin this PR guys. Yeah, exactly some some PR Company was like, whoa, we need to we need to spin this to change the public perception of it. Make it feel good. Now, you know, it sucks. Nobody. Nobody wants this to be going on but It is what it is. And we need to you need to take precautions, you know wash your hands all the time, you know as adults don't feel like you should be told that but yeah wash your hands. Yeah. I watched this week tonight. It was little his 20-minute talk about coronavirus as always super informative but also hilarious but yeah, you know, just make sure and wash your hands. Yeah like that. That's the that's the big deal. You can't get it breathing like breathing on people isn't hi. You get it. It's touch something you sticking your finger in your eye or mouth. So if you're you know, washing your hands as much as possible, it's going to help and if everybody would do that it would help more and all right. So I'm gonna go ahead and put my two cents in here. I'm not going to detract from the coronavirus it is it has caused fatalities. It is causing a lot of panic in areas where it is become prevalent as Robbie said practice proper hygiene. The people that are being affected mostly are Elderly people with health issues things like that just be smart and be clean and right and it's like, okay. So has this just like we did everything else and then you can just worry about having the flu. Yeah, because I'm telling you right now two weekends ago. I thought I had the coronavirus. I really did. I mean my whole family was down Sick it was horrible, but we got past it. We didn't go out of our house for three days. That way we didn't make anyone else sick and everything. Okay. Yeah, we thought we thought gay was down and out. We literally we were like we were like, oh boy, it's not fair to the scare of this whole thing. Like, you know that I think it feels a little politically motivated that maybe there's there's extra extra freak out going on here, but there's some legitimacy to the main problem. Absolutely. You can't like people walk around with the thing for a week and have no symptoms. Yeah, like we could all be sitting here with Coronavirus. Now I'm just not know it and when when you're sick, it's easier to be reminded to may I wash my hands all the time. I don't write breathe on stuff and I'm going to touch things about you know, but when you're not you're not thinking about those things and all right, you're going around doing your normal style. Right? And and and so I mean to be fair. Yes, clean your hands and be as proactive as you can right now, but some of this is just inevitable viruses are viruses and they're going to spread and this is going to get worse before it gets better. I want to hear. I wonder if also some of these events getting cancelled is just due to the travel restrictions, especially for sure a lot of especially from some of these, you know, Eastern Asia countries that traveled to these events. I mean a large and large portion of these Tech. Yeah events. Like I wonder if have people traveling directly from China. Yeah wonder if like part of it obviously that they don't want to get a huge group of people together, you know, that could potentially, you know spread the virus, but also at the same time I think for Maybe a business perspective. They're looking at this and saying man we're going to have about fifty percent decrease in attendance. So there's no point in doing - yeah exactly to do right and we had all this together because these events are expensive. Oh, yeah. I mean we've talked about this before though to like, especially with press events that deal with one or two devices like these companies. Would I still feel like coronavirus azide? I completely feel like most of them would benefit from just taking a digital first approach to things of just going out look, Robbie season it and see it Robby Z. They've already put it in his brain got me. No, but if they if the the one we were talking about going to yeah, they're moving to they're going to do some sort of online thing digital for a digital fright, which they had in place already something for people who could not make me an ant but now they're going to kind of, you know, make it better little bit make it a little bit better and honestly and I'm here at Robbie's Point neither right for some of these events just because really all unique in with not that we don't like traveling but I mean With this event was last minute. We didn't know about it till what three weeks yeah or weeks before the event middle of the week. You know, my wife's income and college right now. We're I've been I both have kids in school. She's a molder. She's not college-age. She's going back to you. Okay, my wife is ten years younger than me. Okay, I understand there but what I'm home, I'm old. So anyway point being we had to Spur them. Moment plan a trip and then just kind of figure out what we were going to do for juggling everything or whatever and had they just emailed us and said, hey, we're having a virtual online event for press people and then make arrangement first event. Yeah, there's alarms is that what this call do a digital first event and then go ahead and set up review units and things like that. That way you have Hands-On with the devices that you specifically want. And I know that there's probably more effort involved. That as far as logistically as far as opposed to planning an on-site one location event and getting a caterer and all that stuff financially. It probably is a lot less but logistically it's a little more work. I still think it'd be better. I'd love if a lot except for Google because we like going together and I get it like when there's a bunch of products. Can you imagine a Google event for instance all the things that they announce of them having to get shipping and stuff lined up forever? Every Tech group that comes there to check something out. Yeah, because it just gives in a mall. Yeah. I filled it in email day before yesterday. I was talking with one of the pr companies that does stuff for Google and just so you all know. We don't have like one contact with a company and they're like, okay. Yeah, whatever you want and Google especially each hardware department. They have has their own people. Yeah, they have multiple PR companies that handle that so you have one PR Company handles. Chromebooks won't be our company handles Nest Products 1br Company handles phone. So there's a lot going on behind the scenes there. It's not just like we pick up the phone and hey, can you send us a pixel book go and a pixel for and Nest many in there like that. We don't do that. Okay, never mind. So, yeah, and and so yeah, the the logistics would be difficult and I think about two and a lot of times companies will do a launch or an announcement of a device and there. Three weeks out from that device actually being boxed up and being on shelves. They you know, they have some we would call like pvt units product evaluation type stuff. So it's past testing it's ready for like public consumption snipe stuff, but maybe they have six of them, you know, and that's it. That's all they have physical products to show people. It makes a whole lot more sense to bring everybody there and let people take turns looking at it versus being like, yeah, we have enough of these to send out that's usually not the case. You got to worry about getting them back and rightly, so Die, yeah, I mean I get it. I understand what these things are for but you know for a lot of device announcements, I think a virtual type of event where people could and we're going to we're going to see a lot of it this year. Yeah. I mean honestly everyone's going to figure this out stadium was completely done virtually. They had the gamer developer conference, which also got canceled last year and they did a big thing at that. Remember they have their own. That's when they announced a deal when the stadium became a real thing. That was live and in person but everything past that was a produced thing, you know, they just produced it. Yeah, it's great. Same thing here. I separate formative watch the informative thing. It's been produced well looks good and you watch it and you see it and you move on so they're key notes are going to have to that's what they're going to do for Google I/O, you don't have to deal with the awkwardness of tech nerds getting up on stage. But then also Tech nerds and in the crowd who are like what what this is I always been better. What was this? Couple years? What? The one there was somebody who tweeted a really funny photo like a meme whenever we were at CES. It might have been the serried. How do you say your last name DC or whatever YouTuber she tweeted a photo that was like CES the awkward moments are the moments when Twitter friends meet everyone ever people that have only talked on Twitter meet like these events are kind of like that. But yeah, yeah, I don't know. I think that there's a there's obviously a lot of factors at Play. Play here. And so I just want to from our perspective. I want to well at least from my perspective. We haven't necessarily talked about this but from my perspective, you know, I do not like the people online that are bashing these companies for canceling these events. It's like man, there's a lot of things going on here and they they have a lot of things to go into this decision that they've made and they're doing it for the for the you know, To get the best result possible and right and that means that they have to do a virtual event the digital first event. Whatever. I mean I think is what it is. It goes back to Robby's point is that when it comes to stuff like this just be informed and be smart because regardless of what the real motivating factors are we don't know we don't own those companies. We don't run those companies as we don't work for the government whatever it is it is what it is, but getting online and bashing companies and getting online and spreading False information or misinformation because that's the big issue is Miss information that is what is causing the fear mentality when it comes to this and anything of this nature and it's just about being educated and informed and if you aren't just don't say anything and go wash your hands but those are the people that like to say their opinion the most I know Gabe come on, bro. Alrighty folks. We're going to take a nation start a podcast so they can say whatever they want. That's right. What we did. All right, we did. All right folks. We're going to take a quick break for an ad and we will be right back. This podcast is brought to you by Nord VPN. We recommend the service and we use Nord VPN because they keep your browsing secure and private on any device whether you're using a Chromebook and Android device a Mac and iPhone or Windows device Nord VPN is going to protect your browsing. They also have 24/7 customer support in case you ever have any issues and they were a risk free 30 day money back guarantee. So if you want to learn more and maybe give it a try head over to Chrome on box.com forward slash Nord in Ord. This episode is brought to you by Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. You can listen for free with their ad-supported account or you can upgrade to a premium account for an uninterrupted ad-free listening experience Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow all of your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram stories it features. That I used to let our Instagram followers know when we have a new episode of the Chromecast and if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen offline, wherever you are if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and then search for the Chromecast or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also while you're in there be sure to follow us so that you never miss another episode of the Chromecast. Welcome back everybody. We are going to hop into not a Chrome OS story necessarily but a story It I think is very cool. But not coronavirus either forever. Listen to the first 40 minutes of this podcast. We're sorry. Yeah change of subject. So this is this is something that came out this week that that honestly like kind of blew my mind a little bit. I was sitting at home and Robbie sent a send a message that was like try this which is crazy and it said I ask Google to read this page and let it blow your mind. Yeah, and it crazy cuz I had seen the article in my feed a few hours earlier and I guess in my mind. I thought this feature already existed in is because I was understanding that they had added a bunch of languages but know this I'll let Rob explained he wrote the article and everyone in the world seems interested in it. So yeah, it was it was one of those posts on the keyword that felt very just like yeah. Oh by the way, yes, so and so is working on since a 20% thing. Not this is a feels like I'm also game-changing kind of feature for the Google assistant and have they talked about this before has this been mentioned? Not that I remember and make round box is always been the default on Chromebooks. But yeah, this is not Chromebox for anyone who's thinking that yeah. So there's some things that this does that are very very powerful. Yes versus just a screen reader so screen readers have been around for a while and Google assistance been able to do Do or even like Chromebox on a Chromebook, you know like to be able to for it to speak the words on the screen. That's that's one thing and that's that's great for an accessibility standpoint. But even people that are are you know can't see and are ingesting web content to have to listen to a screen reader is terrible. Not good. There are some third-party ones that are really really good but they also cost two and three thousand dollars and they're only compatible with certain devices. This is and and before you go into and I'm gonna go ahead and Call this I bet this replaces Chromebox eventually because Chrome box sync 4 people that know what it is who have accidentally hit Ctrl. Alt Z is a I think it's all three of those control Ctrl alt Z because it's like the most annoying feature on a Chromebook. They put all three of the keys right there together make it control all tilde or something, right? Yeah, but you can accidentally hit those easy. It's very easily your cat can do it. Whatever. Anyway, there's not been a lot of evolution with chromevox. No, and it still sounds like a robot very very provide would almost guarantee that this will replace Chromebox any way it should yeah. It should the only issue would like chromevox is that you you get the ability to like select item, right? They need it. They need to be merge these two technologies. You can explain what we're talking about because everyone lives things like what are what are you trying reader? What so happening? This is only a web-based thing for right now. I could see this becoming a Android bad thing where could read anything on your screen? Yeah. Yeah, because when Robbie sin and he sent a screenshot of our website one of our posts and then he said ask Google to read this. So idiot me clicks on the image and then as Google to Rita and Google's like I can't reach that ever. That is I don't do that. But this is a fun honestly Google Lens. I guarantee you it could have I guarantee it. Yeah. So yeah, it does just in a different I could see this. Evolving into multiple things like it could eventually do but like this is kind of a starting point, but it's not like a normal Google starting point know it works really really well. Is it the like beta it doesn't feel like it not well thought out it's actually freaking fantastic. And so the the core of it is go to a website any website call up your Google assistant and whatever way you feel that you like to do. So and your phone in just the on your phone. I was not well does not work on a Chromebook yet and Say read this page or read this and it'll sit there and think for a second and then it will slide over to a new card kind of like almost like it's opening a new app and there's this dedicated media player with play pause controls. Skip forward nicely a background image on it. Doesn't it have a little Meadow? It shows the rich media controls. Well, that's it. Well, we'll get to that. Okay. So yeah, so this is like it shows the web page and the bottom. Yeah just brings up a player at the bottom and it starts to play and so I want to give you a brief intro to what the sounds like. So I've got the article we wrote about this pulled up and I'm going to ask Google to read it. Read this page. Thinking from chrome unboxed new Google Assistant feature turns the entire internet into your personal audio book by Robbie pain. I'll be the first to tell anyone that I don't use Virtual assistants all the time. I don't rely on the Google assistant or Alexa to do simple tasks. I can routinely do for myself and it isn't because I don't like them or think they don't work. I simply don't want to get in the habit of utilizing digital assistants until they get quite a bit more conversation. So I'm going to bit more conversation. So I'm texting I picked this voice I felt Like it was the if it's the least robotic there's four choices. There's two female to male. The default female is good though, because the default female is not just the assistant no roots that it reads the intro in the assistant voice that you use to intro the top of the wall the name of the site the title and the Arbiter and the author and then it switches to yours is to whatever the default female voice is really good too. But this one this one's what Sapphire I think is ones down. So they just named them after colors. But so we've got skip forwards get back a big play. Button at the bottom. It tells me exactly it'll take two minutes and 51 seconds to read this article, but then I can change playback speed as well and it can go from which 25 which is to you chose a crude fan of that what I am to like what you were just listening to is 1.3. So if I put it back to 1.0, that's it done for things like turning on a smart light locking a door for Jackson whether that standard speed using an assistant. However, because I'm Not Bent towards leaning on it regularly. I probably don't get as much out of the Google that's 1.4 that may change after today. I'm not kidding my regular daily use of the Google assistant is but here's the cool part about this if you listen, it's speaking with inflection like a normal person would say it so a chrome box for instance or a screen reader would read that that may change after today. I'm not kidding my regular daily use of the Google assistant is likely this got you know, it'll cause a no no no. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah that was reading your word automated voice recording. Robbie is Chrome. I'm a robot Bobby's actually the voice for Chrome but no one knew and so for it you like it. Deposit periods. It knows to to Paul's commas it just in its this is years of Google's neural Learning Network to understand language better. And this is only going to get better but that's completely listenable. And so the applications here get really wide. So before I get into that though what you are talking about before the the the rich notifications are awesome. So it shows up in your notifications just like like you To music or Google play music or YouTube video? There's you know, the featured image shows art. Yeah, and it's right this this little fade over to it. It's got the title of it all its got a policy this which is crazy because they've clearly invested a lot of work in this they've pulled from other things but we've seen these type of features with Chrome OS and stuff where that they've turned them on and they're like man you guys should have waited that looks like hot garbage it what works, you know, and so a lot of times Google takes a functionality Over form and so they'll introduce something that does work, but it looks like hot trash and so this does not do either of those things like it's so well thought out and so I can I can open an article up. Tell it to read it hit pause if I'm going for a walk for instance if it's a 3000 word article like I like reading dear bone stuff on the verge. He writes pretty long form stuff A lot of times and so what'll happen is I'll be like I'm a bookmark that and we'll come back and read that a couple days ago by before I have a time for I have enough time where I'm also remembering so I read books and I read a lot of stuff and so I'll forget and then somebody else will cover whatever it was he was talking about and so I basically end up reading a truncated version that I could ingest really quickly. Whereas this way I could start the article go take a walk I go take frequent walks all the time during the day hit play put my earbuds in and walk and it's sitting there reading the internet to me or in your car, you know, like on the subway or wherever it's like I don't it's not going Place podcasting but the way that a lot of people have started, you know using podcasting as a form of getting information, you know that they're there listening to podcasts during their Drive during their commutes out on runs, you know on the bike whatever and this is just like hey instead of listening to us talk about the news articles that we've written if you want to you could just set in read listen. I read / listen to the article. It's insane that somebody it does tweeted this morning and back at Robbie's article. It said now everyone is a podcaster kind of true and I mean, yeah and we'll start about chromevox or we start talking about anything else that this thing could evolve into overtime. I mean you start getting some of these celebrity voices that do stuff on Google home eventually down the road one day, you know, John Legend is leaving to go home. Apparently that license time is running out. So it's his voice would be leaving money. only third I think so but imagine you know being able to have one of the voices be John Legend and you know he could read you or you know you pick somebody that you feel like is a great narrator Darth Vader you know they end up having all kinds of voices to choose from languages right there's a link 42 or 42 46 46 languages that's Works in so if the website assuming you know you translate in Chrome if it can translate it I think it can read that so not only are they not just launching it in English I mean they're launching 46 stinking language also something they don't normally do it's usually has a u.s. mirrors English and we'll get there and it's like nope out-of-the-box everyone can use this and translate and read and listen to your stuff and yeah I mean it's it's radically cool Yak going on hits it it's amazing what it's going to be able to do for everyone but for me personally as an accessibility feature Sure, I think that this is this is game-changing. You know, I grew up. My mother was a special education teacher and then transition to driving a special education bus and I always rode the bus with her to school like that's how I got to school and so I was an aide on the bus and would help out with things and so I have a soft spot for technology working for everyone and I think that I think that that technology should be accessible and this change JH, you know for those that have you know, whatever whatever impairment they might have where they can't read the page you can you you're opening up the world of the internet right in a way. That's so consumable that that sounds good and sounds like a person talking to you and not a robot, right? And so it yeah, I mean it opens up the internet. Yeah the internet and all of the information of the internet internet is now available for those who can't read. the internet and its mind boggles important to note too that Google has built this like this is the assistant doing all this at similar to duplex for Chrome that we talked about a long time ago that you know like can rent a car for your book hotel or whatever like the developer the website doesn't have to be like ooh let me put this code in here so the system can work no this is assistant Works looking at data and figuring it out on its own just a little scary but also pretty amazing because cuz when they turn this on it's not like oh well hopefully developers get on board and you know it'll work eventually it's done it's done it's no different than giving someone who couldn't see before a new set of well that's not true there's a whole lot that would go into that if you couldn't see before but maybe someone who has impaired vision and you they finally figured out a prescription for the glasses that they could finally see you know it's not like oh now we've got to make sure that people that run these websites do XYZ so you Now read this stuff like no now you can see now you can read so how long I'm sorry to interrupt you but how long until Google puts out a commercial that tugs at the heartstrings that is the assistant can do this the assistant opens up the internet to I believe that you know, they shouldn't wait long because this thing like you said the announcement for this was so under the radar it felt like I was like, okay. Yeah, I'm like, oh this is neat. I mean, it's tells me they're probably my mom. Mind they're probably big plan leveraging this stuff to do a lot more. Yeah, my guess would also be like smart displays would be able to do similar things. Yeah. Yeah read the latest article from coronavirus. I would be real helpful because I mean there's no actual instance of chrome installed on those tapping open in the Chrome frame work. When you Google something or great search something on Smart display. You could very easily say hey show me recent news. Out this and then read that read article number two and it just opens up and starts reading because it has like Google's been doing this for a little bit. Like sometimes you ask for search results in this system will read back an entire like Wikipedia. Yeah to or whatever that snippet. Is that right? So they've been working on it's digesting that somehow. Yeah, you know, yeah. Yeah, and then it is important to note too that web developers are free to put a very small meta tag, and it wouldn't take much to Basically make this not work on your page. So there is that option. So there are going to be certain instances. I can't think of them off the top of my head. I obviously did go to Google books online and see if any of my Google Books if this thing would read them from the web and it won't so they probably got the out ahead of this a little bit and let book publishers and stuff. No like, you know audiobooks and ebooks you pay for audio books. Like I see that being a licensing thing I get that once you if you've bought the book why not let Real to you I own a book, but I don't own the audiobook. Oh, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, so I mean it makes that audiobook is it significant prize? They they yeah, they are they're wanting to charge for the audio books and all these guys to do voiceovers just got fired. Yeah, exactly. So that was what again as a as a disruptive thing. Why not? Like why not let this just be the way that audio books are made honestly, you know, like I like I certain audio books like people the the author might narrated or whatever. I'm Noah's Ark Cool, like there's a whole market for that obviously, but for those that don't have the ability or funds to hire whoever to make an audiobook for them if they could just go to Google and say hey I have this book. I want Google to narrate it for me using this technology. Boom. Yeah, and it's arguable that we see that yeah, I could completely see that happening and you know to be fair like audiobook voiceover people the good ones are great to listen to you know, they create separate voices for each character and you know, like they're good especially when you're listening to like fiction stuff but yeah I mean I could see this being if they're not wanting to license an audiobook for that for that particular book to be able to say hey in Google Play books like I could see Google saying this is ours and if you want to read the book if you buy and Google Play books you can also leverage assistance read to me feature to read this because it also by the way we talk about accessibility of people that don't have Vision more for whatever reason can't read but there's a whole I mean it's a massive segment of the population that whether or not they've ever taken the test to find out that they have this have massive problems with reading comprehension but a ton of people have this they're cognitively don't have the ability to just quietly read words and then create yeah because reading comprehension is it when you don't have a problem with it you don't even think about it if you know somebody who struggles Reading comprehension you realize like oh like that's a legit thing like you could read six paragraphs of something and cool. You read it, you know all the words but those things didn't form into holistic ideas. Your brain wasn't able to take that information and then create something that you could turn around and regurgitate and so what they found is reading comprehension can go up significantly if someone is listening to the okin word and reading it same time like it goes up exponentially. That's a prime example. Yeah back in the day when we had cassette tapes that had the lyrics inside the cover if you read the lyrics to a song while you're listening to you will dedicate them to Memory 10 times faster than you will just listening to the song and so or just reading like well Joe, like you said That's you have to do that. Well, I can tie. It was I don't know. I I had a I had a teacher in high school my senior year English teacher. who finally said something to me about he thought there's two types of like reading comprehension and there's one type that's like me where I I can read super fast on my own and I have good comprehension that way but when I'm reading aloud I'm Miss Miss speaker I will I will miss speak often I don't know if that's grammatically correct yeah whatever because my brain is is technically reading two or three ahead of what I'm saying out loud and everyone kind of does that a little bit it but for me you know if it if it says you know giveaway update I might say something else instead of update because my brain thought it was that so whenever I was struggling with this as a kid like they wanted they wanted to hold me back like in first grade because I couldn't I wasn't I wasn't reading well I spent my mom back in the day they were cassette audio books you know and I would have the audio book and I would read along with it and that's how I started kind of slowing down a little bit be able to read better and then as as I've gotten older I've got better at public speaking and reading aloud, but it still hits any of my friends will tell you like I can't I can't read out loud very well and it's like it's like it's you know, I'm sorry, but you know, the the comprehension of it is is there for me but the reading aloud part and being able to read along with something like audiobooks for me as I'm reading really really helped me and so for like you Head for anybody out there. I mean how many how many people read books read articles we all do because we're Tech nerds and love reading but I mean, I'm not trying to dog on anybody but there's a lot of people out there that just don't read they don't they don't read articles. They don't read books. They don't just don't read they they watch videos on you know their phones and they look at Facebook, but they don't they don't read the long form things sure that develop the comprehension like you're talking about a pudding. Diaz together and thinking about things cognitively. So I mean I just think about this is like man like how many how many articles might be accessible now to people how many people might be exposed to new ideas and new information now because they can just tell the assistant to read this article that they saw that they're interested in or like you said, maybe they have a bit they struggle a bit with the reading comprehension. So they want to learn that information, but they just don't because They know it's going to be hard for them to do and they're gonna have to dedicate time to sit down and do it. Whereas now they might be able to say cool. I'm going to have this read read it to me. I'm going to follow along with it and boom like Gabe said I'll be able to retain that information more. Yeah. It's like there's just so many there's so many applications of this and I think it's important to note to it's not hope it didn't come across this way at all but no one's saying like, oh if you have poor reading comprehension, you know, here's here's a hand up right? You know what I'm trying to get across is that tons of people have issues with reading comprehension and for how many ever years in our education system that's just been like a dirty secret kind of thing like it's it's it's treated as if everyone should have the same level of reading comprehension and so we'll teach this this particular way and if you don't keep up then you're stupid is what it comes across like and it's super unfortunate for a ton of kids that you know are reading all the stuff and you know can't they get to the end of something and there is no like remembrance of what they just read or there's no full comprehension and so they're reading it again and sweating it out because they've got to answer these questions for this test and the times are going out and like and you feel for those kids because it's not that they can't comprehend it's just that ingesting information in that particular way it isn't form it's not the right way for them to do it and that's just an unfortunate thing of how we've characterized intelligence versus non intelligence like well can you can you read large chunks of text and then regurgitate what you've read if if so smart if not dumb you know like that's it that's a terrible way to look at some of the overall intelligence and their ability to think and be productive at all yeah like it's goofy but it's one of those things we've created and so this just kind of like LeapFrogs that it's just like cool you know you if you're having trouble comprehending it this thing is going to read it to you you can read with it if you want it highlights the words it's reading so I mean you're plugged into this thing and for people that have reading comprehension problems they're going to look at long-form articles and look scroll and go oh no way like there's no point in me reading this anyway I'm not going to I'm going to have to read this ten times it's already long to begin with there's no way I'm gonna go back to Facebook you know versus now being able to go cool but my earbuds in and all in disarray this is down at the bottom this is going to take me five minutes to get through the pool I'm gonna go on a walk or whatever you're right there's so many benefits here so I big pat on the back to Google for this this is one of this may be my favorite assistant feature that has has come out I mean you know it's amazing for some of their failings there's these things that just restore our faith and yeah I mean this is for me I'm thinking my morning commute this hell yeah because all usually I'll get ready in the morning that take my daughter to school I'll look through my Discover feed and I'll see something I think oh when I get to the office I I want to read that but I get to the office and I get distracted or I end up working on something else or I do this with that whatever two or three I mean my drive times not long in the morning but I could listen to two or three articles in the morning before I get to the office oh yeah be perfect and and I'm not sure I need to test it and see but like this could play really well into Google's like if you're in discover and you click on an article you got the little bookmark thing up there to put it in the collection you just throw these things into a collection and then you pull your collection up And just read from there, but I think that all shows it in that app. And I don't think it I don't think I think it only works if you're on the web technology really. Yeah, I think I've tried it in the Discover app because that would be obviously the best way you just tools apt open Chrome is a right to yeah, you just tap the little button in the top right and say open and chrome. Yeah, but I'd be much cooler if we could read it from work straight and drop back for my collection. Boom go back and I mean flows or you know, make collections on Chrome exactly. Yeah. I mean we We see a lot of traffic to our website from discover and from from amp and so there's people there reading things so clearly it's like that's how I mean just a lot of news. So 90% of how I like most of my news comes from there, you know, so I think if Google can build this into that super cool, so yeah clearly if you can't tell already we are excited about this the internet thinks so as well. We're seeing a lot of page views on this and yeah, it's their goodbyes interest for government I mean it's a it is a very cool project whatever you want to call it that Google has been working on and like Robbie said they they it feels like they rolled this out and it's it's legit and it's ready to go and it's not I mean it's just fully functional and it's working well it's I think they can expand it now it's like they put it out and it's working now now try to and it rather than what Google does sometimes and they had like you said they have the functionality he's nerds like put it everywhere right you know and it doesn't work half the time and blah blah blah so it's like this is this is cool did you try to discover just to clarify it it did work in discover oh cool my 1 plus I don't know how it works on your pixel yeah assistance we've had some people comment on Instagram that you know didn't work on your page and I've just had times where it's like I can't read it and I just try it again it just in general it's a good Good way to go about everything like if it doesn't work the first time keep trying. Yeah when you call tech support. Yeah, you call tech support. What's the first thing they tell you to do turn it off and turn it back again. Yeah, exactly. So I mean it could it could have hit a script or something. It's something didn't load in time for it to find because I'm sure it has a time where it times out if it doesn't find him just try it again. Yeah, exciting stuff. Let's talk one other quick thing before we wrap up. This is another item that I am particularly psyched out of my mind about. Out which is the pixel buds coming soon man. These we've talked about it on this podcast many times, but the pixel buds are the earpod Rival wireless earbuds that are coming from Google. They were announced at the Google event and we were super stoked. They were announcing it on stage and we were so excited and then they said coming in the spring and Robbie got on stage and punch somebody he didn't do that, but I think the look in his eyes. Mentally he meant yeah that crazy look in his eyes. I wanted around and Robbie Robbie you get that crazy. Look in your eye knows more dejection. I was too. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, like look like probably look like somebody like how my puppy or something. Come on. So we got some Hands-On with these I guess you would call them a prototype at that point. They weren't they weren't functional. I don't think they had the hardware inside because they felt super duper. A light like I almost wonder if they didn't have any of the chipset inside. Like if they were they didn't say that and they did say that they are super like just yeah, so maybe they are product. I don't know but like you didn't get to hear them. Did you know? Yeah, they didn't have any audio just like I mean from the top these things are just going to be crush it. I mean they're the only thing Jesus is amazing USBC charging. Form is Perfect Design as perfect. They fit in your ear. Perfect. They've done they're not noise canceling but they help to reduce noise in the environment that you're in and they adjust themselves. I mean just all kinds of Google magic and they look awesome. And there are a hundred eighty bucks. Yeah. So steep for some maybe not compared to air pods though. Yeah, there's a ton of tech going on in them and my bet will be that they'll sound better than are pods. the original pixel blood sounded better than then the original are pods and are pots Pro have come out but from I've never listened to them I've heard that they don't sound any better than are pods most reviewers like damn sounds about the same and are pods don't sound that great to be honest with him there okay they're super convenient and they were Kyle XY your blue use them I'm a fan of their pods but they don't have the best sound and so I think having the inner peace and just kind of that size of earbud I mean heck the my $30 sound Pete's just blow airplanes out of water it sounds sound perspective a sound all mean the true wings that were that we gave away sound so good so the tech is there to make awesome awesome sounding earbuds so like I that's the thing I'm least concerned about I'm 95% sure these things are going to sound great that's not going to be an issue I really hope they don't have lag at least on the pixel like it the pixel buds if I'm using them with a pixel three or four maybe even a to yeah current current crisis should phone I should it should be the same type thing like I know they're going to do quick pairing I don't know if I'm going to do it on Android but they're gonna have quick pairing on Pixel so you open okay open automatically pair yeah I middle the whole thing will just do it magically you know locally didn't like a little they had like a little cue card kind of like that Apple does I don't I don't bother something on screen might have shown that up on stage or so when you open it up it has a little you know I don't know oh what you would call a little shadow box type thing that pops up on your phone yeah just some quick toast yeah a little toast there we go yes toast notification sound but like are pods aren't lag-free with anything else but when I hook onto my iPad they are Lag free so there are save engineered them to were dry perfectly with the hardware so but do the same please do the same thing at least with the pixel like that's that's did you put that with the razor do you have them both at the same time I still have my erasers the hammer how using every day didn't you didn't you have a Razor phone at one point done no I had the Asus are you ready to rock that's right at that the Brazier earbuds honestly you're pretty like free with anything I can hook them up to anything but that's their whole selling stick yes they're not the most comfortable earbuds they go in the case backwards you know there's some weird stuff to them but they're a hundred bucks great and I love them they're the ones that I kept after I went through quite a few you know those are the kind of we made a whole YouTube video about it those are those are been my ones and I still hold on to them I would use them every time we play Pub G if it weren't for the fact that Pub G won't route your true chat audio through any Bluetooth even are pods they just won't do it so which makes no sense now but any other time I'm using those for everything go take a walk yeah anything those are those are the earphones I put in so those will be replaced by the pixel buds in the come out and if they're the pixel buds lag during gameplay I'll be going to be super sad you all are going to get to hear about it in an article and and probably probably episodes of the Chromecast probably a video that's it for that is going to write a special newsletter is going to get on Facebook that's how mad he's going to be because nothing ever gets on Facebook I just there's no reason for them not to fix that it like I said at least for Pixel phones like I get if they've got to do some special whatever to make it work and they can't control that on other Android phones but on the pixel phones it should be like three it was part of the presentation wasn't it they said low latency yeah but every day every filmmaker everybody doesn't yeah so yeah I don't I don't buy that and I obviously we need to get them in all the photos that we have out right now you know our I'm assuming those are the final design and everything oh yeah for sure um they I love the look of these things oh yes so much more than the stupid little whatever you want to call it now the stem you tips to yeah the little stem sticking out the Kwan's all black ones dude yes like I know you could almost put those in and they sit almost it flush almost flush with your head and that compared to the crazy surface ones that are like Salsa Salsa on the side of your face you know yeah they look great capacitive touch on the outside so that you'll be able to swipe up and down for volume tap for play/pause and double tap and they felt pretty good right I mean you're the only one that got to try them on but in ear like you couldn't even barely I remember that there are people there are people over there doing jumping jacks and burpees and stuff people do the weirdest stuff at Tech events you know just um cuz I gotta I gotta stand up to all that exactly but I mean they were fine so I think they're just going to be they're going to be really versatile you're gonna be able to use these things for a lot of different stuff so so the latest information that we have is that they've passed through another like so what I understand is the winel I was charging Consortium to be fair Google's other stuff that's passed through this certification is happened around or after like the device actually is shipping like launch their Hardware have been most of their stuff passes through Bluetooth FCC all that the day of its like they give it to the FCC and they say hey hold this go ahead and certify it do whatever little snip Kyle said the wireless thing like their Wireless products pass through after yeah exactly so you know I don't want to say that oh because it passed through this and this is the final hurdle like I don't think this was a hurdle I don't think they were waiting for this but it's like there's nothing feels like we're at the end if there's no certifications and oh heck even if they were I don't think they were going to wait till Google I/O because there's at a show you unveil things like Hey we're going to show this to you that already happened so it would be all super awkward for them to be like these are available now like okay you know just put them online yeah just make it available The page and put the page on the Google store. Has anyone checked to see if they're on the Google Store? I check almost daily. And I don't know how many days I even searched through all the crazy accessory papers. They showed up on B and H. Yeah, you know, it was a it was a coming soon type page, but that takes some retailers some people already actually already pre-ordered them or whatever through B and H. So, I mean if those pages are even being constructed that means it's relatively close. They've already passed it pass through Bluetooth as IG the special interest groups, they've passed through wireless charging consortiums certification process like they're ready to go like put the thing up, you know, I don't know. I don't know what the purpose is if they're ready to go. I don't know why they wouldn't just sell so now but it makes something just for fun. If you're listening to this and you have your computer from you go to the pixel Bud landing page scroll. It's just so pretty that's awesome. And I'm just gonna dance for the rest of the episode you guys Get Saucy, dude. I'm so stoked for these things I've been using my jaybirds for four years now maybe longer gosh I can't remember when I bought those I think I have the extra Wahoo's I think they're on like I think they're don't even I think they stopped making the x line they have all kinds of jaybirds amazing I love the brand I love my headphones but they're wired you know I have a wired connection along the backside and and you know I I don't know I just think that the I think that the for the price they're still a premium headphone obviously I mean hundred eighty bucks isn't spare change you know you can get sound Pete's for what $30 million on 95 yeah right so I mean these are still expensive so they need to perform you know they need to do all of these things that we've talked about they need to do all of those things well and if they don't it's going to be like okay why am I why should I spend $180 on these so sure I'm excited I think these These are going to be a cool product I just I wish Google would do a better job of putting out release like release date say pixel buds coming right / V whatever it could have the build up the hype you know get people excited I could just like a March or something you know if we're going to pick a day in April or if they're going to pick it think it it didn't back in February or January like you already announced a product in the fall available this day right you've already put a six-month window on it like you could have two months prior went ahead and put a date on it because what's going to happen is they're just going to show one morning we're going to wake up and they're just going to be there it's going to be articles out pixel size available it'd be nice if we knew for sure Google will reach out and say something but who knows yeah look at the support page for in the Google support it says available in 2020 thanks Google clear specific of you clear thank you for sharing that down to this decade yeah so and coming soon it's so hard to know to with this the fact that it was announced in October and is supposed to be available now like could Corona be having it you know it's called on issues absolutely have you seen the car they shouldn't they be ahead of that ship may have already have you see what they're doing with you break out fix hmm so they are I think it's Google and Samsung they are petitioning You Break I Fix and Geek Squad to send back repair parts because they are experiencing dijanna holy cow so they're getting stuff from their third party fixer have all the stuff is they need the stuff to make product well I mean we were just talking about this during the break after we had our coronavirus rant but I mean shipments into the multiple harbors and you know the west coast of the United States are down significantly I think I read one article or heard on NPR 40% decrease into the San Francisco Bay Area I mean 40 percent think of how many products and goods come into that Port every day and they're down 40% don't quote me on that step but I know it's something like that it's significant significant yeah it's tough because they've depreciated a restricted travel to and from those areas you know China shins and all that stuff but they still allow suppliers so you've got like ups and DHL and all those guys are still flying in and out of there but are still having issues I have a friend who is a pilot for a company and Scott has been flying for 30 years never had to fly to China they send them to Shenzhen and now he's stuck there yeah so crazy yeah crazy it's Russell maybe maybe that's having some some affecting the entry I guarantee maybe they're I just I feel like though they should have been ahead all Google was probably like manufacturing process I would imagine probably ahead I would hope think that this is there not in that stage right now they have them I would assume I would hope that they have pallets and pallets and pallets full of the pixel buds sitting in a warehouse I would hope I would almost like the case may be there I don't know maybe they're holding off in the launched until we get through some of this craziness because they're afraid that buyer I don't know buyer mentality is down and people aren't buying things right now so they don't want to launch a product and say that the products available when people are having such you know decreases in their Investments I don't know who but it seems like they're coming soon so we're excited hopefully hopefully they will just show up one day and we will be able to buy them I will give them my money as soon as they are available those black ones look amazing so folks we're going to wrap this thing up thanks so much for tuning in like we said up top our giveaway is still going if you're interested in potentially winning a pixel for bundle or a brand new Asus flipsie 434 go to the website click on the banner ad or search 100K and enter to win we've already hit our first goal which was ninety thousand subscribers those winners have already been contacted and verified we're actually shipping out their prizes today and yeah we but it doesn't end anybody who's entered to win is still eligible all of those entries are still valid if you didn't win in this first batch you could potentially win for the 95,000 or the thousand prize so please go check that out if you haven't already please go subscribe to chroma box and enter to win but I think that's it oh check out the merch to merchants on their also we've got links will link it in the description of the podcast show notes on the website whole nine yards the merch is cool I'm wearing the sweatshirt today and I love it it's great stuff so folks thanks so much for listening and we will catch you all next week see you hey guys thanks for tuning in you can find show notes over at Chrome on box.com forward slash podcast and if you want to stay up to date with everything that's happening in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS make sure to check out our website Chrome on box.com and follow us on social media by searching for at Chrome unboxed thanks again for listening and we'll see you next time