A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible.Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was late again.Menopause knew that the path through the coastal Cliffs would be the shortest route home, but it was also said to be where she lived leimia menopause shook the ugly thought away. He refused to be frightened by the bedtime stories told to him by superstitious caretakers. The coastal path was Steep and rarely used as menopause traversed it. He came across a fallen Boulder that blocked his way. He struggled to slide around it careful not to fall over the edge suddenly a few Pebbles fell around him from above a large Shadow passed over many pests as something darted across the ledge above him startled. He desperately shimmied around the Boulder and immediately turned back, but saw nothing he did however hear something. The hiss was soft and surprisingly Pleasant. Although his brain warned him of danger many pests was inexplicably drawn to whatever hid behind the boulder. He climbed up a ledge to get a better look but saw nothing suddenly the air around him chilled and turned damp. He felt a breath on the back of his neck causing his knees to tremble something cold call. Build around many passes torso and lifted him into the air as he came face-to-face with the woman who held him. He gasped. The stories were true. Leimia was real men apis watched as leimia opened her mouth her Jaws unhinged like a snake to Sharp fangs each coated with Venom protruded from her lips. The boy screamed, but it was too late leimia struck. Welcome to Mythical Monsters apar cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson every week. We dive into history's most legendary monsters in telling the stories of their Origins. We hope to shed light on some truths hidden behind the creations of these Beasts where they come from what they symbolize and how they expose some of Humanity's greatest fears. You can find episodes of myth. Monsters and all other Park asked Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream mythical monsters for free on Spotify just open the app and type mythical monsters in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network today. We're discussing leimia a legit mother and queen of Libya whose love affair with Zeus proved her undoing when Hera wife of Zeus struck lamia's children down in front of her. She Unleashed a monster that still haunts the children of Greece today. Greek mythology is full of stories in which the queen of the gods takes revenge on her husband's Mistresses known for her jealousy and vindictive nature Hera served as an antagonist to those who would defy Olympus at a time when social guidelines and moral codes were difficult to enforce myths like these were used as tools to frighten the public into good behavior. It's with that in mind that we can Begin to understand how the story of lamia survived and why it's still told throughout Greece even today ancient Greek parents and caretakers used the story of lamia as their own cautionary tale described as a child devouring demon leimia served as a warning to children who would defy their Elders in this respect. She's been transformed by the gods into a sort of ancient Greek Boogeyman. Though the term buggy did not originate until the high too late Middle Ages the concept of an evil creature Spirit or monster that would harm a person for their misdeeds existed long before that. It's an idea that has persisted extending from ancient Greek parents scaring their children into compliance to modern-day horror movies about characters who are punished for committing immoral Acts. As the oral literature of lamia became popularized during the classical age of Greece her story evolved instead of being depicted as an arbitrary Night Demon leimia became regarded as a once beautiful queen transformed by grief into a monster and her tail turned from a children's bedtime story told by parents to a warning meant to show what happened to those in Greek society. Who dared to offend the Gods? Leimia strolled along the shores of the misogi OC her toes were numb from the cold water, but she was not yet ready to go home. She'd always loved the sea here. It was quiet and peaceful a stark contrast to the bustling Palace back in the capital where she ruled as Queen of Libya a clap of Thunder warned of an approaching storm. Leimia grinned. She looked forward to it. Mia motion to her top soldier who quickly approached with a horse, although her guards wished she would ride in the safety of a carriage leimia always rode on horseback. It was said that horses were created by her father Poseidon. God of the sea Lamy amounted her horse with Grace and road for the capital. Back at the palace leimia dismissed her guards and entered her private Chambers as the storm outside raged. She opened a large window to her room and sat on the bed a shiver ran up her spine. Although she was excited leimia was also nervous. It had been some time since his last visit a powerful wind blew apart the silken curtains and with a crash of Lightning the king of the Gods appeared Zeus grinned and said, I saw you at the Ocean's Edge. I had almost forgotten how beautiful you are Lamy a pretended to be upset. She Rose from the bed walked across the room and poured herself some wine. You wouldn't forget if you visited me more often Zeus new leimia was acting he feigned a frown and returned to the window as a a lightning bolt formed in his hand the Thunder reminded leimia that Zeus could leave if he pleased she Strode across the room and flung herself into his arms. It was impossible to stay mad at the ruler of the Gods the two lovers kissed leimia, whispered your children miss you Zeus responded. Those are your children and they do not know of me. Besides tonight I am here for you lightning flashed painting lamia's Chambers in Golden light as Zeus carried her to the bed, but as leimia laid down the Elation she usually felt while with the powerful God had been replaced with an overwhelming sense of dread the next morning leimia awoke with a start her dreams had not been kind. Kind in them her eyes were stuck open forced to watch many Terrible Things She glanced around at her Chambers soft light filtered in through the window and the outside weather was calm a sure sign that Zeus was gone. Suddenly the door swung open and three children spilled into the room Lamy a smiled and forgot her nightmare as she watched her Offspring her. Awfully Oculus and Scylla Chase each other around the bed her awfully an Oculus tugged on the curly brown hair of their younger sister Scylla eager to set off her furious temper Scylla begged her mother to stop her awfully a knuckle a house from tormenting her when leimia playfully refused ski Le left upon the bed and demanded the gods above transform her into a powerful monster. So has she made defeat her older siblings in battle a voice echoed through the chamber be careful what you wish for child Hera queen of the gods and wife of Zeus stepped into the room frightened lamia's heart beat furiously in her chest. She had heard stories of Harrah's jealous and vengeful nature. Leimia held her breath as Hera. Coached her awfully Oculus and Scylla the children huddled close together as Hera calmly studied them. Finally Hera said they have my husband's eyes leimia dropped to her knees and pleaded for Hera to let her children go they had nothing to do with her love affair with Zeus. The queen of the gods sneered they have Everything to do with this Hera slowly reached out and touched the forehead of her awfully. The little girl's eyes rolled back and her lifeless body collapsed to the ground leimia jumped up determined to protect her two remaining children Harris mild and snapped her fingers. Leimia stumbled her legs lost all their strength and she fell But she refused to give up there was too much at stake using just her arms. Leimia dragged herself across the floor as leimia crawled closer Hera reached out again this time. She touched a kaleo's his breath stopped and his body tumbled to the ground anguished. Lamien knew that Hera would not stop the God was punishing her. For laying with Zeus leimia squeezed her eyes shut she could not bear to watch her youngest child ski Le died Hera bent down and gently lifted lamia's chin with a spelled breath Hera blue against lamia's closed eyes and whispered watch lamia's eyelids dissolved as if covered in acid. The pain was excruciating. Heh returned lamia's head and forced her to watch as she touched ski Le the young girl dropped dead. Lay me a screened in anguish as Harris stepped over her and returned to the window as quickly as the God had appeared. She was gone leaving behind nothing, but the subtle scent of He's leimia pulled herself over to her children. She could not feel the lower half of her body, but that hardly mattered now everything she had lived for her Legacy was gone. Leimia grabs quiles body and squeezed it against her chest, the young girl had already grown cold leimia felt a wicked chill and der her broken heart filling it with with grief the chamber door burst open and soldiers rushed in without thinking leimia hissed at them slithered rapidly across the floor to the window and disappeared over the ledge. Next we follow leimia as she transitions from Queen of Libya to child hunting monster. Hi, it's Vanessa. I'm so excited for you to check out an incredible New Park a store original. It's called dictators and it lets you delve into the minds of some of the world's most feared leaders. You can hear new episodes. Every Tuesday. Here are host skate and Richard to tell you more. Thank you so much. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit. They rise through the ranks towards radicalism. Emanating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is their ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park St. Original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into the the rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level. Dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story leimia, once the beautiful queen of Libya suffered much after the loss of her children Hera's punishment to leimia for her affair with Zeus was not only severe but ongoing lamia's missing eyelids prevented her from ever sleeping and her legs were paralyzed the curse placed upon lamia's body caused her own. All to shun her for they to feared Hera's wrath with nowhere to live leimia retreated to a hidden cave on the coast where over time her grief drove her to the Edge of Insanity there a single idea and golfed her. She wanted to hold her children again. The Greek myth of leimia is thought by Scholars to have originated from ancient Mesopotamian demonology dating back between 3,000 and 4,000 years ago as a monster known for feeding on children. She similar to other female demons from that time demons such as lamashtu who eight children and caused mothers to miscarry and Lilith a child killing which as the story of lamia spread throughout ancient. Reese several popular gods were added to the tail there by cementing lamia's place in Greek mythology Hera exacting revenge against leimia for her love affair with Zeus became a key part of the story later the Greek traveler Poss Aeneas would describe leimia as the daughter of Poseidon the physical characteristics of lamia also changed during this time once seen as a monstrous demon or beast. Greeks began describing her as beautiful and enchanting considering the popularity of serpents in Greek mythology. It's not surprising that they too became part of lamia's myth. The use of serpents in ancient Greek culture is extensive and complicated at times. They represented wisdom or medicine the rod of asclepius a staff entwined by a serpent and wielded by the Greek god of medicine is a symbol still used in the modern. Medical world but serpents were also used to evoke fear. The monster tyfon was often described as having a hundred snakeheads upon his shoulders as our story continues. It's important to keep in mind that Greek audiences were expected to have empathy for leimia for while she's undeniably monstrous. Her story is also one of tragedy and loss. Years had passed since Hera killed lamia's children. She now no longer remembered much of her previous life here inside her hidden cave lamia's mind had eroded from the many sleepless nights. She had been forced to endure all that remained inside her from that painful day was a sense of grief caused by the loss of her children and avoid that begged to be filled. Lamy a listen to the drops of water as they fell into a nearby cave pool the rhythmic sound beckoned her these days. She preferred the water to land her deformed legs had slowly fuse together and although she was unable to walk Lamy a could Slither through the water like a snake Lamy a dragged herself across the rocky ground with her arms and slipped into the pool the water. Cold but also liberating and leimia enjoyed the weightlessness of her body lay Mia swam to the edge of the cave pool and gazed out at the Moonlight. She taken refuge in the Cliffside Cavern after being hunted by the same Libyan soldiers who once served her initially the soldiers wanted to help leimia and return the queen to her rightful place in the capital But as time passed and and her loyal subjects grew old and died that changed dramatically to the new guards. She was nothing more than a grotesque creature. The sound of laughter Drew lamia's attention to the coast below her cave there a young boy splashed in the waves when leimia noticed that the boy had curly brown hair an image flashed before her ski Le suddenly Lamy a remembered that her own children were dead anguish washed over leimia. The pain was unbearable. She grabbed her chest and Exhales slowly through her clenched teeth and irresistible urge enticed lamia out of her cave. She pulled her broken body down a steep path to the beach. Her limp legs scraped over the jagged stones, but leimia was determined to reach the boy playing in the water. She desperately wanted to hold him in her arms leimia use the outcroppings of rocks to dodge. The Moonlight taking care not to be seen until she arrived at the coast as a wave Crest it upon the sand lay me a slipped into the water in the ocean. She moved with agility and Grace sneaking through the water a memory briefly returned to leimia in it. She stood on a beach with her toes in the water stood. She repeated to herself. Leimia. Sure. Took the memory away and focused on the hunt. Lamia swam beneath the surface of the water until she was close enough to see the boys feet. She paused for a moment relishing in the notion that he had no idea. She was beneath him the hunt was enjoyable. But the urge to hold the boy quickly returned Lamy a longed to squeeze him tight forever as if he was her own perhaps that would fill the DNS in her heart leimia reached out her sharp fingernails grazed the foot of the young boy and cut him blood trickled from his wound thinking that something bit him the boy reached down and grabbed his foot leimia tasted the blood in the water. It was surprisingly good hunger gripped her stomach as she watched the boy tread water then something inside her changed as her grief faded a craving grew but before she could act the voice of another boy Drew her attention. Lay me a rose slightly out of the water to get a better look on the beach and older boy beckoned to his younger brother. The older boy said Lick. Yes, it's late. And you don't know what's out there at night besides our mother is worried. It's To come home, licky has laughed and yelled the same things that are out here at night or out here during the day to which his brother replied. If you won't do as you're told she will get you leimia felt a hunger Pang in her stomach, but suppress it. She watched patiently as licio swam back to the beach and told herself that having two boys would be better than one lick. Yes, perhaps sensing that Something was not right turned back. But before he could spot her leimia disappeared beneath the water as lamia retreated back to shore. She realized she would have to be careful in the water. She was capable of overpowering most people but on land her legs would be a hindrance if leimia hoped to catch the two boys. She would need a plan while licky has dried himself on the beach. Leimia, quietly crawled across the sand to the edge of the cliff. She knew the brothers route home would take them down the forest path if she could climb over the Bluffs fast enough. She would reach it first. Licio said his brother had been walking down the forest path for about half an hour when they noticed a storm approaching overhead clouds blocked out the Moonlight shrouding the path in all Ominous Darkness licorice ran ahead of his older brother eager to get home before the rain drenched him and although he hated to admit it. He was also scared of leimia. Licky has told himself that the stories about leimia were just that stories, but the thought of a cursed woman crawling through the forest in search of children frightened him to the Bone the sound of a twig breaking made licio spin around He expected to see his brother behind him. But the trail was empty. He froze unsure of what to do next. It was eerily quiet on the path and licky has felt that someone or something watched him leakiest called out for his older brother, but no response ever came licio speared into the surrounding Forest taking his time to look carefully at the deepest. Darkest Parts. He hoped to see his brother hiding behind a log or bush in order to scare him. But there was nothing licky has felt a raindrop on his head and looked up the storm had arrived eager to find his brother and returned home licio stepped off the path. The forest was dense and he struggled to navigate his way through the underbrush as he stepped on a moss-covered rock. He has his foot slipped and he fell on his back when he sat up. He saw it staring at him from the Shadows. Leimia lay on the ground squeezing. Licky us' Brother In Her Arms, licky us gasped at the sight of her she was covered in mud from crawling on the ground and her legs looked like they'd merged into one long tail. Leimia gripped. Licky has his brother. Her Tighter and Tighter his eyes bulged and the boy convulsed violently for a moment licorice wanted to help but it was too late. His brother was dead. Leimia looked up at lick. Yes and smiled. Lamia release the dead body and inched forward on her stomach. She whispered come closer boy Lucas was in shock from watching his brother died his feet felt heavy and he was frozen in place. He couldn't take his eyes off Lamy as fused legs as they left a trail in the mud a trail that led back to the dead body of his brother. Mamiya opened her mouth and licio saw that two of her teeth were sharp like fangs again. Leimia whispered closer. Her voice was soft and enchanting Spellbound. Licky has closed his eyes and awaited the inevitable leimia sprung up grabbed licio sand pulled him to the ground as she squeezed him tight the pain. Rule ickiest from his trance he struggled but it was too late. Leimia had him in her grip leimia pulled licorice close, her body was cold and smooth as she squeezed him licky as couldn't breathe. He grew weaker and the forest around him got darker and darker. Licky is closed his eyes and lost consciousness. Leimia released luckiest and looked up at the clouds Disturbed that the weather had grown worse. Usually leimia hid inside her cave during bad storms the lightning reminded her of Zeus and she couldn't shake the feeling of being watched but tonight distracted by her hunt. The storm had snuck up on her in order to feed comfortably leimia would have to drag the boys back to her cave. The rain had turned the forest path to Mud. Leimia slithered down it like a serpent with a boy held under each arm. Leimia felt powerful no longer would she be a victim of the Gods now? She was a predator leimia swept her fused legs back and forth propelling her faster down the trail to her cave although the cavern was damp it. And Shelter From the raging Storm leimia laid licorice his body upon a smooth Rock in the back of the cave and prepared to eat him. Licky is stirred and his eyes fluttered good thought leimia a warm meal is better than a cold one on Instinct. Leimia unhinged her jaw and slithered forward. Licky has opened his eyes and cried out but lame Mia bit down muffling his screams as she devoured him whole her belly full leimia coiled into a circle and gazed out at the night. Although she could not sleep leimia would at least be content for now. Next Zeus must decide whether to destroy leimia or to take pity on his former Lover now back to the story. Les Mia was severely punished for her love affair with Zeus Hera queen of the gods and wife of Zeus. Not only killed lamia's children, but also placed a curse on her unable to walk or sleep leimia languished in her grief and slowly transformed into a monster during this time her body took on the characteristics of a serpent her fused legs melded. Was snakes tail and she developed venomous fangs initially leimia stalked children in a vain attempt to ease her heartache, but the more she hunted the more she developed a taste for their blood Zeus stepped in through the window of lamia's old bedchamber. It was obvious that the room had been sealed for many years. Most of lamia's personal items remained untouched covered with thick layers of dust and And sand he bent down and touched the silken covering at the edge of the bed. It was an extremely valuable piece of fabric. If The Mortals had left it to rot. It was because they were afraid in fact, it was their prayers that Drew Zeus down from Mount Olympus the angry parents of missing children had made offerings to him by sacrificing goats pigs and sheep all of them begged for One thing to rid them of leimia Zeus tried to remember the last time he had visited leimia, but time was different for God's and Mortals a short while in Olympus could in fact be ages in the world below Zeus pondered this as he explored the abandoned bedchamber. Suddenly. He felt a Sinister Force emanating from the corner of the room there an old blanket. It moved as if something was under it Zeus approached it slowly curious that such a dark energy existed in a place that had once held great. Joy, he lifted up the blanket to reveal dozens of small snakes. They slithered out around Zeus's feet the baby snakes had long tails and the heads of poisonous vipers their scales reflected light like, Hundreds of tiny gems, although they were beautiful Zeus had no doubt that their venom would be deadly to Mortals as the snakes dispersed Zeus. Saw the crack in the floor that they had slithered out of something was still inside Zeus reached down to grab it and held it up before his eyes. It was a perfect white lily Zeus's job. Ah tightened he knew exactly what had happened here Hera. Moments later Zoo stormed through the golden gates of Mount Olympus deep down. He knew that his anger at Hera was misplaced. It was he who had set these events in motion, but Hera's punishment had been far too severe. It was not the first time the queen had acted harshly toward Zeus's Mistresses. It would not be the last Zeus shoved aside his guards and entered The massive haul in the center Hera counseled with some of the other gods sensing Zeus's anger. She sent them away with a small nod Zeus pulled a baby snake from his pouch and threw it onto the table. Then he held up the white lily for Hera to see as her symbol and favorite flower It could only grow where she had been. Hera approached the table tossed aside the snake and poured a goblet of wine for herself. She didn't care that Zeus was upset according to her. What had happened to leimia was his fault watching Hera Zeus realized she had made a terrible mistake Hera had forgotten that leimia was not just a mortal woman. She held the blood of a God in Side her Zeus explained to Hera that leimia was a daughter of Poseidon and therefore a spell used against her would have unintended effects Hera thought for a long time then offered to return to the land of Mortals find leimia and remedy the problem Zeus responded. No, I will do it as a bolt of lightning crackled to life in Zeus's hand Hera pulled her husband clothes and told him a secret leimia slithered out of the cave pool and pulled herself up onto a warm Rock. Her tail was now covered and Slick scales and shaped like that of a snake making herself comfortable. She used the tail to flick a side of pile of small bones small Pottery figures rattles and other toys. Strewn about a testament to lay me as many victims suddenly a bolt of lightning crashed into the cave breaking large stalactites away from the roof and sending them crashing to the floor leimia bared her fangs and prepared to strike. She sensed another presence in the cave, but unlike the soldiers and so-called Heroes that normally hunted her this Intruder held actual power leimia felt something. She had not felt in a long time fear as the dust settled Zeus stepped into the cave. Leimia was taken aback. She remembered the love. She wants held for the Mighty God and for a moment longed to embrace him, but Zeus's eyes sparked with electricity and anger warning her that this would not be like one of Old visits he was here to kill her Zoo said leimia. What happened to you was not your fault nevertheless. I am here to give you peace leimia reared back a fiery rage swelled inside her chest here standing before her was the root cause of her anguish. It was Zeus's fault that her children had been Been murdered it was his fault. Leimia was no longer a queen his fault that she had become a monster leimia forced Venom to the tips of her needle sharp fangs and struck. She doubted that she possessed the power to kill the ruler of all gods, but she wanted to hurt him badly. Lamia's Fury caught Zeus by surprise his ego had led To believe that leimia would be happy to see him again. He instinctively raised an arm to defend himself lamia's fangs sunk deep into his forearm and released their venom with a roar Zeus flung leimia across the cave. She crashed into a wall and quickly retreated outside Into the Storm Zeus grabbed a bolt of lightning and soared high into the sky. From there. He searched the cliffs forests and Beach for leimia. There was no sign of her although Zeus hated to ask anyone for help. He now understood that to find leimia. He would need the aid of one who could see far and wide it was only a matter of time before the monster escaped and Zeus did not wish to search for her again. He sent a single bolt of lightning High into the night sky a signal to his animal companion lamia held her breath and swam beneath the rough ocean surf her eyes, which she could not close burned in the salt water as she pressed on she would have to find Refuge elsewhere away from the coast of Libya, perhaps even across the misogi OC and into Greece her age had subsided replaced Now by fear suddenly something large splashed into the Surf from above leimia felt a sharp pain. She looked down and saw two large Talons gripping her tail Lamy attempted to dive deeper into the ocean. But whatever had her was strong and plucked her out of the sea leimia looked up and saw the golden eagle. I toast dios Zeus's personal messenger and companion carrying her back to shore. Or she opened her mouth wide and bit the Eagles Talon her fangs sunk deep, but her Venom was dry. She had used it all on Zeus. I toast dios flung lay me down upon the rocky Shore where she landed at the feet of Zeus leimia lifted her head defiantly to Zeus and said if you are here to kill me then do it quickly. I do not wish to look upon your I'll face more than I have to Zeus touched his arm. Although he was a God he was not impervious to pain the wound burned, but would eventually he'll he said as I told you before I came here to give you peace not to kill you Zeus touched the tip of his lightning bolt to the edge of a large Stone chipping away too small. All smooth Pebbles Zeus took the Pebbles and place them against lamia's eyes to use as eyelids. Leimia closed her eyes for the first time in years. She felt calm but not without grief. She would never forget that Hera had murdered her children Zeus pointed at the sea and told her to listen. Three voices called out to leimia. They said mother we are here Zeus lifted lamia's chin and explain to her that her awfully Oculus and Scylla were not dead Hera had not killed them but transformed them into sea creatures while they would never be the same. They were at least alive leimia sighed deeply and Suddenly felt exhausted. She looked up at the cliff and saw her cave turning away from Zeus. Leimia slithered up The Path toward her home there in the back of a damp Cavern on the coast of the sea leimia fell asleep and finally found peace. As ancient Greek civilizations evolved throughout the eighth and seventh centuries BCE. So to delay me a story paganism became more popular among the Greek people and sole me a transition from being a thoughtless boogie monster to an important figure in their religion. Even after paganism was outlawed lamia's myth continued to spread because it acted not only is a scary bedtime story for children, but also as a way of explaining Deaf during a time when infant mortality rates were high also in an age when civilizations were ruled by a patriarchal society the story served as a warning to women who were reluctant to become mothers. One of the more recent retellings of lamia comes from the Romantic poet. John Keats in his poem aptly titled leimia written in 1819. Keith's depict her as a serpent turned woman who tricks a Young man into falling in love with her at their wedding ceremony the young man's Mentor apollonius reveals. Lamia's True Form resulting in the man's death from Heart Break the story of lamia remains popular to this day because she not only represents the frustrations and fears of ancient Guardians and caretakers, but also of modern-day parents leimia is ultimately the terrifying story of a parent. guilt and envy LED them to an insatiable hunger Thanks for listening to mythical monsters will be back next week with a new episode. You can find all episodes of mythical monsters and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite park has two Originals like mythical monsters for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream mythical monsters on Spotify just open the app and type mythical. in the search bar and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par casts Network I'll see you next time mythical monsters was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original it is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Russell Nash the production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden Aaron Larson and Paul Moller this episode of mythical monsters was written by Adam Boland with writing assistance by hi Greg Castro I'm Vanessa Richardson Don't forget to check out park has fantastic new original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.