Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie where theyLeast like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl was Do they have a name for the personal Matthew? You know, this is great. That's an interesting thing about you. I feel like you should talk about on stage because everyone's a Harry Potter nerd. Everyone's a Pokemon nerd not like I said deep nerdom. It was a pretty deep nerdom. It's also hard Colbert hard to find. Yeah, so, it's me Stephen Colbert. We just love Lord of the Rings together Johnny Montgomery, and it was also The books I've been out for a long time. I guess the movies were coming out. So it was popular when I was you know in school because of that but there was no one who was like a deep fan. So just basically we solo I'm reading Hyperion on the series right now, which is four books released between like the 80s and 90s and it's considered one of the most successful Sci-Fi series of all time. Like I think it's like the top 10 sellers on on Amazon or like up there and they want to get to the fourth. Book and I'm looking online for like reviews and Fan Art. There's nothing because so few people read books. Yeah, like once you get that far unless you're like one of those like four major series like if this was a TV show I could search the hashtag and the like there would be endless like sculptures and cartoons of the characters. It's kind of sad unless they're better books are better but they require more deep sigh problem now is by the time I'm done with work everything. My brain is just Tired. Yeah Focus anymore reading on the subway is not yeah, you don't read it all anymore, which sucks. He's you're such a good reader. I used to be obsessed with reading. Yeah. I mean I read a ton but it's emails. Are you read? You read some nonfiction? Yes that Clint Watts book shutouts our home with Clint Watts. You don't read any fiction anymore. Do you very rarely? I wish I would love reading fiction. I just don't have the time very often. Yeah, you only have time to I'm a Witcher. I only have 24 hours of would immediately I've I just finished I just finished the game and I've been like actively not buying a new one because I'm like, especially Pokemon would be the next time I get sword and shield everything. You gotta play call yourself a fan but like Pokemon there is no ending. You just keep leveling up. It's on switch. We have a switch. Why don't I just I don't want to know video games and TV shows. Everyone's like no, it's like really good. I'm like, I believe you and that's why I'm not watching right. Is heroin I'm not going to start it feels great. It feels great. I'm sure I would enjoy it which is more. I wish it would be like, it's just okay, then I might be tempted to start but like I started the outsider I have to watch every episode now I've watched when I have to watch all of winter is it's a great game though. I'm doing pretty well. It's a classic right? How old is it? Yeah, so and working and that's it and doing comedy. I don't ya. I have much going on. Yes, you do have it. I don't know. It is funny that one of your biggest three things those a video game but let's talk about balancing working in comedy lately. How many Mikes you been doing? We're going up. I have to have them and telling me about your sets. I know so that was a new thing that we had a great suggestion by someone who had listened to the podcast. So weird to say, it's just cool. I know I just it's just cool to hear. Yeah. Well, he's doesn't feel like you feel like you're talking to a microphone don't actually hear that. Do you feel that way like you'd like a disconnect between this and the fact is currently as many as a hundred thirty people might listen to this. We're like her. Italy are eventually gone because you could probably hear Matthew drinking his coffee right now, which maybe is not the best for sound quality of decent audio I listen to another podcast today terrible audio and I still am out who was it? It was the early episodes of my favorite theorem. Don't think that's fair the mathematics podcast the original Lander suggested. Laughs both of them equally hard so math podcast. Well, I mean your listen so clearly maybe bill will you that's true but I re come out we're talking about balancing work and comedy. It's yeah, it's freaking hard. I think we talked a little bit about that last time. But yeah, I I'm getting crushed. Uh-huh and witcher's also just been really vital part. My you know, I have a lot of you know Bandits that I need to kill so that's been it's been tough to balance that I just got a text. I don't know if that noise is gonna go through I didn't hear it. See, this is why we need to move to a studio so we can be more professional. So we get text that it doesn't Echo is loudly exactly and what else has been going on I've been doing I've had a lot of like interesting experiences and comedy recently. I haven't told you about most so I'm going to tell you a little bit about those a lot of bursts. I hosted a mic at the creek in the cave with Julie. What am I? Yay? That's my only favorite Blake, but I think one of the best spots for open mics in town, I would say as far as actually doing Comedy Now great as far as hanging with fun people awesome. And the main reason I say that to be fair. I've only gone to really the late-night sets and with any late-night set things start to get more rough. I've heard these three minutes. Yeah, you know, I mean they say the 11 p.m. Tuesday is when the best Mike's in town, I've heard that too but it's 11 p.m. I Tuesday. So that was a hypothetical for me probably for somebody to that's late for me. It's late. If an open mind also Tuesday such a that's like I'm working. Yeah, the next next day is really is absolutely worked at yes. So that has I'd I was hosting I was hosting it was harder than I thought it would be. I've done a little bit of I've hosted some mics at Eastvale but like Saturday afternoons, and they're usually, you know, pretty pretty chill long years longer slot time. So that was easier than hosting with another person is interesting because you have to figure out your Dynamic I loved Least so much. She's wonderful. She's a lot of roasts check her out. But I just we've never done that before onstage. So I had a little bit of trouble balancing how I was going to be and then also I had to do jokes afterwards. So I kind of had to make that match my personality. Yeah. I mean am I joked my like performance personas not necessarily who I am. So I don't know. Does that make sense? Yes, just figuring out. How to host I don't know how to do that yet so working on it and but it was really fun long lot of people, you know, did the mic just figured out that it's really hard to read people's handwriting and then they get mad if you pronounce it correctly. Did you say any like after you finish your set and brought the first coming on stage as you say anything besides put your hands together for blank? Not really, right? Yeah, but I have no but a lot of Mike's will be I remember the first time I hosted my can Houston I went up and bombed and I got off stage. I was like how come people didn't laugh for the parts. They normally laugh at it smells like okay, you weren't first I'm like, why is that different? Look? Yeah, you put the bullet they called it the bullet spot. But I Remember by the end of it. I was so frustrated people were like Ember. Oh and made fun of my friend. Owen done was just like the shitty hotel iguanas a she was like Good hosting like everyone laughs. So then I like tried to like play around a little bit between but it's fun playing around between Comics. Yeah, I mean obviously want to bring it straight up to keep the energy going but like it's yeah to be fair. There's so many people that go to this mic and you don't even you don't even go back on your just like Dex damn next day next time. It's pretty crazy to meet someone who does time between atomic had it open under your covid when you do a minute between we've witnessed that night and it was we were together. It was a it's not cool not cool. But you learn a lot I get why the host that you learned a lot like just just fucking around like that. You can oh no, I loved I definitely want to so that's one of my goals for this year. I also wrote Combi Cole's one of my goals is to host a mic and then produce a show. Yeah. So attainable goals within your control very much. I am I have one of my first experiences. I had my first experience hosting a New York club this weekend that I did not know. I've been opening for Hasan. Minhaj. He's been working on his our at The Comedy Cellar. See you just got to like and I showed up when I pull it. Yeah, I showed up at Saint Manoj. Yeah, but it's 3 p.m. In the afternoon is a little lower Stakes. It's not like it's not his taping or anything, but I showed up and there's usually a couple comics and this weekend was just me sews and obviously I always feel a little nervous of the seller because of the, you know, the legacy of that place and I had to go up and I was trying to find the balance between crowd work and how quickly I jumped into a bit. And I don't know if I did and you I mean I did so have it goes going to button either but I want to be better at it for eight years in I should I wish I should be better at it. Yeah, it's pretty something. Yeah. I've also produce your own thing. I've never done to man hosting before someone else thing is what you and Julie did that's pretty common in New York, right and it can go really well like a Knitting Factory was was three people it's a people still when they switched over. I've also done shows wishes to people Together and then they just talk and don't get anywhere and they bring you up and it's somehow even worse. Yeah, because if one person went up at the material and bombs will at least they are in the rhythm of hearing stand up versus just now that was like the bad conversation followed by a guy trying too hard. Yeah, the first concerns that that might have been no, that's not true. Julie does she's a great host. But she does it every weekend there. Yes, it's just, you know people who can host and can't do stand-up. Well, I'd rather choose to end up and not be able to host but I'd like to do both me too. I also went so talking back to that you hosting for her son. That was quite an experience. Yes. So this was at the seller was like 3:00 p.m. On a Sunday and I signed up for a mic in the area. I would see the lanterns which is fine. So by Mike and but I got it's at 4 p.m. On a Sunday p.m. On a Sunday. So Do with that as you will right, you know, it's gonna be a appropriate amount of energy for that. But I go and watch that hose and I watched beginning of Hassan's he's working on his new our yes, it's really it's so good. So my gosh, it's so good. And also the way he does his comedy his stuff is so funny. But a lot of it just has like more broader impact on the world, you know, like it's very personal yet at the same time very it's just good. It's just makes you be like what I'm afraid. It's a forest I got trees. Yeah, exactly. It's not like I mean, there's definitely pieces you could take out that would stand alone, but it's not like a bit about women like yes, it's very much like his life and stuff like that either way afterwards three blocks away or so. I walked to go to this mic. I'm going I went up first which was you know, so I knew hosted know. Is there a host? Okay. Yeah. There was that either way. It was still very early in the Mike and I Birth for the first minute. I was just standing up there and I couldn't even get into my material because I was like, who am I like what am I doing? Why am I doing jokes about these stupid topics when he's talking about like I don't want to spoil anything. I mean, it's not it's like his yes famous enough that but talking about like you said about being a family and the things he's been through on a global level and how Talk people through most of most people in Time Magazine. Yes. It's pretty substantial. I mean, I feel that way hosting Grandma. I'm like this is so stupid compared to what he talks about. Like it's so personal and original. It was just fraud just for and then you come back and watch the end of it. I do my spot watch a little bit more than I walked back over and is an hour so he was still going and I watched the second half or so and and it was really very jarring to have those two I think only New York can you have it be in such a short period of time where your exhibit witnessing one of the greatest and then you're on stage 3 seconds later in the lanterns a lovely location, right? You know that Mike is a wonderful Mike. However It's different. It was a different vibe. I've definitely had like a Saturday night like that where if I've gone to like I'll go from like following Colin Quinn to proceeding a guy who's doing comedy for the third time. Like it's very that's why it's that's why I think it's so stupid people has opened for been like we all mixed together. It's like the NFL where you're lucky to be on a team with him. Like we all will do any spot one of my favorite sets and comedies stop me if I told this one of our guests already, but when I did my half hour in New Orleans for Comedy Central I remember the first 10 minutes being so great. And then the last 10 being like what's going on? Why did I start bombing Midway through I can feel the sweat on my face. The energy is dying. I get offstage my tech bomb and I skip the after party and find an open mic and go up and do like five minutes at a bar for I think it was maybe 8 to 12 people and it's maybe the most fun I've ever had doing comedy just like me like this is right. I don't deserve 500 people coming. We television taping this feels nice to like to see their faces to not feel stuff to some scripts not be worried. That was really fun. I like that now. I just like the ego death. I like the second you start taking yourself too. Seriously, you stop being funny. So I love going to those rooms II think it's so important to have your ass handed to you on a frequent basis. Yeah, I can see that because God can't take this. Seriously. I went I eventually went. Okay good. I was going to say yeah, I snuck that one. One iron that one. Yeah, you got to take your victories. There's not that many. I'm just you know, and that one of my favorite writers at that show, so I'm happy. I went who's your favorite writer? He's on a Facebook and Twitter is puneet lock monni. He's a med student and he just writes really good jokes. I don't know if I'm outing him as it may be is a Doctor by now, but he's he's you meet like people do tend to say he's just like every day every take is so good. I'm such a fan of his writing. Yeah. Yeah, actually he had his Nick. I may be mad at him to measure things pretty like Mommy I Indian obviously and for a while he had to change his name on Facebook to hide this he was Pete lachman is the white. I think he thinks I'm like white guy who looked vaguely like him what other first-class you finish your class. I finished my class you had a class show and I had a clap. Oh my gosh. This is the that was cool. That was so cool. It was Okay, so I mentioned earlier if you didn't listen to the other episode I took a stand of class with Radha camozzi, and it was a really fun experience The Comedy Cellar The Comedy Cellar highly recommend super-exclusive really hard to get in. Right and I mean not exclusive. It's like III are you have to just email them as soon as it opens up? Yes. So if you're like me and you like to set alarms and alerts and things like that, no problem getting in for me. I like to just I like to I create a boss. Got to to sign up for the class immediately and then I scalped the tickets later. He's lying. I'm lying. That'd be funny how you could do that with you that you see be probably you probably could those classes fill up so fast, but either way, so no you can just it's really turns out that if you give people enough money you give a like pretty much go wherever it's really we've already talked about that. I did improv. So I was like, no problem. Here's some money sign up a class was really fun. I know people have mixed feelings on stand up classes, but it was definitely a really good exercise in Just writing new material and Veronica's fantastic comic so being able to get, you know, great feedback and mostly the accountability of having new jokes every week. Yes, and by the end of it I had it was like four and a half five more minutes of material because you refuse to do stuff you already worked out because you have integrity and wanted to get your money's worth. Yeah. Well a lot of mostly this again, I wouldn't matter I just wanted to get my money's worth. I'd bring you some like Polish baby like yeah. Just thought of this crazy. yeah, so I wrote wrote some new stuff and then at the end of the class they did there was to show cases where I mean, basically everyone just didn't you know invited their friends and but we got to perform at the cellar which is it feels like as if I had been invited to play like at the end of My Viola my six-week violin course for beginners at Hahaha, you know where you're standing there. You're like. I should not be up here. I should not. Maybe what's that the Amazon chopsticks Chopsticks and kind of look at my friends our family our like you're really doing it Yay. Good job Laura, but so felt kind of weird about that, but it was really fun. It's great. Like you were the only person in that class who does open mics. Yeah, so that was true also, and also I thought I was the only person who was who is had been doing comedy which is like Months about remains just to put that in perspective that is like not even close to where you should be. So these are brand new people but it was really interesting to watch the mechanics of how people learn how to write and the kind of subject matters that people tended to want to talk about right away. And also it was really proud of them for how much better they got yes six weeks in you know, the writing was solid. I like the writing I did probably right, you know, she taught like that framework of how beginning middle and That like I mean simple stuff but at the end of it, you know, their performances were solid. Yeah, it was the head of data set. It was very fun to watch we got in a fight and you werewell really well consider. We got a fight right before the show. Okay? Yeah Matthew, I'm glad you brought this up because I wasn't going to ouch you always but I didn't want to sit in the back run such a drama queen. No Veronica said, this is a perfectly normal feeling that it yeah, but it's sitting in the audience is very scary if you perform on that stage a lot and I was like right in the front very I don't know what I was afraid of but it was just weird. I wanted to sit close to the back and you're like no go sit with Julie and Katie's so I had some friends there that other Comics that were so lovely as to support, but Matt he comes down and he was like trying to sit at the back of the comics comics table according to what was considered the comics Christmas at the back. Yeah, and I was like, no go sit in the for once in your damn life is about me. So I made him stay in the middle and he got all mad. and I tried to he tried to get up and not sit there and I was like I'm gonna I'm gonna cause a scene sit down and then you have fun a lot of fun. You did really well. I was very very proud of you. You just had it. I don't know why you have to have done bad rooms to appreciate the good rooms. You could the crowd was really high and when you sense the crowd was matching you so it was like the most supportive crowd you could get yes. So, I mean it was a bringer show without them having to like, you know, the of part of like a bigger thing than just like standing outside. And getting your name called or something, you know, I mean and one of the funniest people on the show brought the most friends, but I don't think she was the funniest because of her friends. I think she was just very funny. She's right. She was really good. I really like she made a joke about what was her opening joke was about that. This was a bringer comedy class show which just the the she's a good sense and that was cool or to is she hadn't done it before? You could tell like they wanted to approach it and take it seriously and like the structure and stuff like that and I'm like, you know what like I know comedy class is good a lot of heat, but if this helps people feel comfortable doing it great. Yeah amazing thing wrong with it and I get some people need I do think it's kind of a training wheels version or it's a shallow inversion because comedy is the deep end up open mics in New York are the kind of terrible. They're like, what do you mean strap in? It's going to be it's sewed. It doesn't make sense how bad it makes you feel about yourself. I think it's because there's so many Charming people who are interesting and fun, but they're not good stand-ups. But when you go on stage in a room full of people reject you you think what's wrong with me, you know, let's yeah, but one thing that I think is really funny about the the class. Your set There Was You got a really good tape out of it. It's a really good take but it has it says The Comedy Cellar right behind you. That I mean you can but it's good to have the sense of not a lot of people will do produce shows at The Comedy Cellar not be book there and we'll just post pictures online with the Comedy Cellar logo very clearly letting people think that not saying it but letting people think that and I don't like that that's super fan. I mean, that would make me I mean, I guess I just make me angry when I'm like you should have better sense than that and I like that at least you're aware of that you have to earn. Yeah, basically like taking Credit for an Accolade that you don't have your strategies that with using that to since of festivals is you've been saying of here's a set of me Allah. I am not passed at The Comedy Cellar. Oh, yeah. I know I submitted to a festival that's not Russell. That's another goal of mine for the year. I also know that that's like probably a little early but there's any festivals that you know are good for beginners. Let me know you're all getting so competitiveness. I'm going to Communism. And again, it's one of those things where I'm sure a lot of them are just like you have to pay like $35. I don't believe that's what it costs them and processing. He's one of those kind of things. I mean if you made me watch you have to pay me a lot of money to watch that's 500 5 minutes sets unfiltered from any psycho with a with an iPhone and a tripod boy. That's tough. Huh? That is tough. Okay at $35 actually might be too low also production value for any Comics who are submitting to As symbols care how good of a set you think you had get a high production value video tape. It don't expect to get it in one. Try always say tape 10 sets and hope she'll get one and keep that shit tight. Don't show me. Show me your first joke going straight into your first laugh. Make sure the Comedy Cellar logo is boldly in fact and rainbow color just have it be only The Comedy Store logo also no crowd work. No, you'll need the host. Just get it tight. Just cut to the chase. It's another comic watching it so don't bullshit them. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, I sound so angry about that. I don't know how you know watching these tapes. Are you running a festival? You haven't told me I was going to be a it was going to be a birthday gift. What any other first? Looking at I wrote a list. I signed up check my notes real quick. It's like an open. Mike. What else did I write down today? Do I want to talk about? All right. Well I signed up to do a bringer show, which I'm excited about I think in general it's probably a silly or what are your thoughts actually not before I give my non expert opinion. Let's hear the expert to start on New York City. You're going to have to bring her bark at some point. I don't judge it brings a little tub bringing just an unsustainable model. Although right you can't keep being a bringer. It is fucking dope stage time because I do bring her shows as the whatever headliner a lot and those Crowds Are Juiced. Oh, it was crowds are so very fun. Never really barked. I really admire people who can park there with that New York Times article about like the stigma barking. I respect it a lot and that's more sustainable. You can keep doing that, but then your friends see you barking. Barking for those who don't know is when you stand outside a comedy club me and like I'll go encounter with scholarship and I come to a comedy show coming on the show and you get like paid some Commission on the tickets and I do let though sometimes I get to be on some of those there's clubs that are almost like the function on barking. So well the main reason that Everest wrong a lineup since Never As Good a crowds unfortunately, not fortunately. Yeah, it's just I mean it said you'd never barked. I I mean, it's not that Wouldn't want to I just win like and I also have the you know, I'd rather do a bringer in my opinion because I have a lot of friends who are like, oh I want to see you do comedy and I'm like, well, those are limited options at the moment. Yeah. I don't think you should come to a mic I've had friends who've come to my ex and I'm like bless you, but don't you stop don't do that? Yeah come to a bringer and but the main reason I've ever done a bringer. This is the this will be the first one. It's not till May so I have some time to like kind of get some new material pull together, but you get a good tape out of it. That's what I've heard. Yes. So to solve my problem of my main tape being this Comedy Cellar one, which is just Nick not useful in practice going to do the one where I get another tape. It's just Photoshop another logo over it bleep. It's the exact same list and that's kind of funny. Yeah, and then also The Comedy Cellar is kind of known for not having that many produce show. So if you're on a Comedy Central show it does it have to be passed to you step foot on the stage. That's kind of The Prestige of it. You do a really good job of like yeah protecting. It's a really good club. Let me just say that it's a really it's a very it's a magical place. It's very strange on comedy of like there's a stigma against barking. There's a stable against doing bring her shows. There's a stigma against classes when you get to a higher level. They're like all you still do open mics. It's like, oh all the things that could make me good. I shouldn't have done I should just show up one day. Yeah. What is the like already good at it? Yeah. I think it sounds like my perspective. I was like is here telling me I could do this thing. In worst case scenario. I just write about five more minutes worth of material. That's the only thing I get out of it. Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna do that. Yeah, but you're getting a learn some stuff at the same time. At least it'll be you know, forced writing Network. I'd there is a thing. I think I think comedy class Comics don't typically go on to pursue it as well. I don't know why that is. I just don't think that they understood the challenges and I mean, you know, they'll learn about that right, but just No going from doing a bringer show at the Comedy Cellar like the best club and possibly the most supportive audience you could have yeah and then going from just like going feels like going from Hasan. Minhaj is our at the college to the lantern Open Mic 4 p.m. Yeah. Oh my gosh. So you're kind of at this conveyor belt point though. This is what happened to me when I was when I was a year into comedy had a 15-minute set that I was doing 15 minutes and every joke I had pushed out another joke, so if I like I was stuck at 18 minutes for so long. Yeah, and I feel like you've been writing new material but throwing away the original stuff. I still have the old stuff like I I've been trying to obviously when I was in the class, I was trying to like just do the new stuff and now I've tried to mix them up a little bit. I didn't know which jokes you like more than you or the old. I still like my old ones. I still have some good ones and the old ones but there's definitely a few that which isn't great because if I actually spent time on them and paid a little more attention, I could probably make them better because I still I'm still early enough that most of the concepts I'm doing. I'm like, yeah, I like that concept, you know. Yes, like I have like those ones that I've been thinking about for years kind of deal. And now I'm thinking about my jokes and I'm like, oh really? You're gonna say that you really like that concept Laura my jury duty joke, that's a new one. It's not bad or did jury duty. I did. Oh, yeah. I did jury duty. I almost got put on a two-week trial. I'm probably not supposed to talk about it. But I was somewhat like the OJ jurors like the ones the last month's what do they do? How do this hard? It's really what their job like, what do they know? You're not alone. I mean, there's definitely like legal. Requirements that they can't fire you for being on jury duty, but my boss was like hey, yeah, don't get put on this case too weak case. He was like, I can't believe no you're not going to get on that. Yeah, but I still had to go for two days because I got pulled to the back and like interviewed and stuff like that. Well, I canceled my guy like what would happen to me while I cancel my road dates what I like cancel the show. The thing is I give you had they were like well, is there anything that would make? Get to where you couldn't, you know be on this jury for two weeks and I was like, yeah. Yeah the lantern Open Mic at 4 p.m. On a Sunday committed. Look at this email. He emailed me and said I'm on ya so I can't get out of this. Yeah, like it's pilot season, but they do editions. I mean they eat so why was there they interviewed like I was there for two full days and they interviewed 20 potential jurors really picked three and they needed pleasure. They needed eight. So that means they had to keep bringing in groups of 10 and interviewing them to get to 8:00. Sounds like your crew had not a lot of talents not a lot of very unimpressive Bunch. We were very good at being like the horse. I'm still busy. Is there one there who like was like fuck? Yeah, I could do this. I yeah, what a guys let's go MTA bus driver and he was like hell yeah. Get on yeah, you did. Oh girl like yeah. That's so awesome. It was great the entire because I mean obviously everyone was like annoyed that they were there but it was a moment of unity when he was like, yeah, I've got plenty of time. Yeah, you know, it's really fun fact. It's also, you know, it's illegal to assault a bus driver. It's also illegal to assault a juror so you should be well suited for the thank God that was a joke. That mystery is because the Earth Yes, and you should know but you shouldn't know he's any other first. Yeah, okay. One cause I know I'm once again could be in the moment. Don't let your nose. I don't think I say seriously told me to look at my notes too much on stage. Professional Matthew it does it does bring my brother also hates. It just brings down the show. Do you bring let's talk about notes. I have been bringing up notes when I'm trying to do new stuff because otherwise I don't do it. Do you know what I mean? And then I'm like it's for new stuff. Yeah, Mike like why did I not I really like that feeling. Can I get there? And then I go to my other material like the point is to fix new stuff here. I hate doing going. The show where I have the freedom to try new stuff and I get offstage Mike. Well, those jokes are still jokes like you can try anything new or yeah, and another thing that I try to remind myself as the more I plan the more I improvised. So if I just met like I'll just try to know like if you sit down and write a list and where you can work in this new joke and where you can try a tag, you're more likely to find that freedom to explore a new joke. So I always try to prepare it took me a long time to learn to like sit down and write down your set before you go up. You're not you're not sure. Well and I saw you doing I guess that was something I think I've written almost every set I've done I do that too in my notebook. I don't always like David to yeah, I've been trying to date it as much as possible put where I was you think I'm attractive growth of a joke. It's kind of cool. Yeah, like flipping back and just saying, oh I started that joke in September. Yeah. I really like that. Yeah and then deletes you think tags around it. Yeah, you know for me my reaction is wow, if we're doing that joke for that long. I thought I still call that a new joke. What's been do for you? Oh, I'm so glad you asked I did another corporate gig in yourself the Carolinas. This was fun. It was not as much fun as the first one because the crowd was just a tiny bit rowdier, but it was still very fun. Yeah, it was a more Republican crowd, which is the first show hat was like super rich like it was like evil money and they were weirdly more chill and this crowd was like rich but not like evil. I mean still evil, but if Like the the Richer they are the more like yeah, we're evil like the more they can take I think I think like like ultra-rich conservatives can take can take a joke better than the ones who are a notch below like I went to a public Middle School. It was like upper middle class and East Cobb, Georgia and like where the East Cobb snobs were so rich and then I went to like a private high schools like oh y'all weren't real Rich y'all. We're bougie Rich your silverware and American like eagle and I went to like real private school and they were like they flaunt their money less because they have more of it. So I feel like that that second crowd there was a little a tiny bit more bougie but a great crowd was a little a little more sensitive when I when I poke the Poke the bear politically and you don't even do that much political stuff. I played I kind of I I talk about political affiliation stuff. But yeah, you mentioned it but it's not like you're like yeah conservatives are stupid. Like that's not a yeah, I try to make fun of myself I take I take digs but I like to make fun of myself. It's more funny of like, I'm a liberal and here's why we were stupid. That's to me more interesting joke except some of us and that is true. What else have I done new doing doing pilot season some auditioning certain audition a little bit. I don't I I'm having a better time this pilot season because I realized I'm not going to book anything and I've made peace with that anything I is gone. Yeah, just trying to have fun in auditions. It's such a weirdly how you feel going to open mics. That's how I still feel going to auditions. It's so demoralizing. It's so I don't know why I leave there's this feeling after you leave and you did your first audition back to her back to you. That's also like me saying he is like a lot of people how do you start auditioning for me? It was I did stand-up and I got my first TV credit doing stand-up and when they saw me I got I got signed based on the TV set pretty early on and then they just throw you to the Wolves. They're like that. My first audition was for the Entourage movie. I was I had no acting I'm not I'm not a naturally talented actor. I don't have like the basic anything. So anything I have I've worked at really hard and I bomb for many years. refuse to take classes because they felt stupid and weird and I don't know. I mean there is that thing of like comedies Defiance of authority. It's kind of the basis of it. Hmm. Maybe that's too broad. Maybe not everyone is your type A. I was a teacher's pet so I don't know what it is. Yeah. Yeah, but you had your first audition. I did non-union not I mean this is okay. So to be fair, this is I did improv with Aubrey who is I was a very talented producer. She does a lot of really cool stuff and she's had me do a few things just like, you know, mmm Up scenes in a couple of things. She shot small stuff and asked me to come and audition me and a couple of other folks have done some stuff for this TV commercial that she was producing and didn't get it because acting is hard as hell but not see that coming. Yeah, you were I know I got in trouble for things last time. You were a little cocky Garnet. Oh my God, you weren't cocky, but you didn't think I was gonna bite you didn't think you were gonna be good, but you didn't think I was gonna bother you I also have no reference point. I was just like there was no sir. Script ahead of time. Yeah, you know there's things where I was like, there's no preparation to do I just like went. Oh, that's more like yeah, that's commercial. Yeah, you know, so you get there and then I had to like pretend to eat food and react as if I was trying to say something with my face. Of the cough Never mind take it back unless you let how to fill these out. Well, first of all, you're not a loser no Stakes. No Stakes didn't bother you. You didn't bought it kind of it more bothered me that I was like, why was that so hard like, why do I not know how to apparently work my face muscles anymore because you're thinking about thinking about thinking yeah exactly. It got very in my brain about it. So I just didn't see that coming. McDaniel's great and also my favorite part was just being in the audition and all the people that were around in like actors. They're just like so serious about it and I get it their job, right and but they I mean they were obviously, you know, you have to be serious about it's your job, but it was interesting for me because I'm just not around that very much and then I was in the elevator with a child actor and his mom and he would choose like, how did you how did it go? He goes? I did really well. Yeah. I did really well. I was like, yeah, you're seven years old. What is your life? Like you're like a little person who and your mom and you probably live in like the upper west side or something. I just I really just like wanted to follow them home, but I didn't I wish I had that confidence of a child actor only God. It was incredible and I'm sure he crushed. No, that's the thing. That's the crate. That's the thing so different about it like acting is there is almost a perfect inverse correlation the better you think you did the worst you did like that. That's a pretty common thing of you leave. I audition be like what the fuck was that? I'm gonna go apologize to my agents. They're like, oh, yeah, you got a callback. Yeah, and they say it's because you having more genuine because you're confused and scared in that moment. You might be having more genuine reactions. Whereas when you think you nailed it because you did everything you plan to do and if you plan to do it, they can see that I can see that your mechanized movements so much trouble just like being seen like I guess I was it's embarrassing and also not that again. It's like because of my six months eight months of experience, maybe nine. This point I want people to laugh when I'm doing like a performance or whatever and that's not the point in an audition. They shouldn't necessarily laughs. Actually. They probably shouldn't laugh at you. I can't remember who told me that but acting is hard for comedians. Yeah, because I was like because well, I'm bombing bombing. Yeah. Yeah, so didn't love that but it is at what were the best the best feeling I've ever had an acting is when you finish it scene. And the cut and you hear a camera guy laughs like stifled laugh that he'd been holding in or something your crew member and you're like, ooh, that's a nice feeling rushed. Yeah, because you're just giving it your all a lot of a lot of like comic acting is like really selling it is right giving your own you're hearing nothing in your instincts as a comic of if there's silence adjust course. Yeah, brain is running this algorithm. Is she gonna run again? I was kind of proud that that was my instinct but also didn't you know, look the part. Oh, no, I would have had like take off. Yeah, you know that's just not you did for these reasons. It was it was just a fun glad to see you humble die. We are there like seeing humbled because it was hard for me. I would hate for comedy just be like yeah, this is easy. How much for that suck I still think that's a big Breeze in my people. We started this podcast to address why people have such a weird reaction when I tell them you started doing stand-up but I think that's part of it. Like we don't want it to be easy for anyone because it's not easy for anyone. Yeah, and we're afraid like what if she like what if it just all works? Out for her what if and also will do its concept, you know? Yeah, I mean, well, I think the reality is that beautiful part about comedy is there's no way to skip the dues. I mean if you make people laugh you make people laugh, that's the you know, I mean, yeah, that makes sense. Yes. Yeah, it's how it's like a so it's like swimming swimming it you either went to time or you didn't go the time and that's the end of the story. You know, I mean, right there are some aspects become. And some experiences that I've definitely had a leg up because I've been dating you but then there's also been downsides to it and you know going in with more, you know hopelessness that maybe I should have at this stage or you know, I get kind of weird vibes from certain people because they're like, oh you're you're his girlfriend like what are you doing here? You know, I heard there's I mean, this is something with YouTubers like everyone like presents YouTubers Instagram stars because they start headline and clubs because they can sell tickets. I was talking to a club owner who had had one come previously and I like she was like fuck that guy had an attitude which of course the anyone who's sensitive is gonna have an attitude usually in people are insecure and don't feel that they belong there are the ones who act the most she's like but this person had a set that just wasn't a good club set of at the people were just happy to be to remove the celebrity or she it's a really funny story a friend told me that he was opening for a YouTuber and it was this you too. First time doing an hour her first time doing an hour. I like for a club or one of the first and my friends very good comedian to the opening sentence person goes up to put the does the 45 or whatever and just doesn't really connect Walks Into The Green Room, very aware very where she didn't have the set. She wanted. She was like that was how was that he was like listen, it's going to take some time. But at least you understand that you and this person showed an understanding that's and then right as he was about to be like but here's what I think you should do the agents burst through the door go. Oh my God, you are amazing. Oh, you're a star and interface. Just I am great. interesting, that's so that's a great story and then a good story that I hope no one can decipher who is about well, I think that's a great opportunity for us to end. So I think that's it. What's up? Yeah, and we'll talk of yeah, we can talk about me next week. Yeah. I got enough going on. You deserve your own episode. It's fine. I'm happy for you. I'm happy. No, I'm happy for you Ali. Let's go. No girl. Let's make it. Just you know, how why are you rubbing my hands? Your hands are clammy. All right, that's enough of this. Good night. Goodbye. Just you know, how why are you rubbing my hands? Your hands are clammy. All right, that's enough of this. Good night. Goodbye.