If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else welcome to the podcast this is Going to be a good one. I have some some cool stuff plan. I have a bunch of the questions that I'm continuing to answer for you guys, and it seems to be such a good way to Put out a podcast once a week and I'm going to put these out I've decided every Monday. The reason I sound hesitant is because technically I at here currently the time I'm recording this. I haven't released them yet. So I'm gonna I'm gonna record probably three or four and then release them and then we'll get on a consistent basis and they will come out every single Monday. Time TBA if you want to know more about this podcast or if you have a question, I should say hashtag Grainger Smith podcast on social media. So go to Twitter or Instagram or Facebook and and go to my page type a question hashtag Ranger Smith podcast. That way I can go and search for it and find it and that's what I'm doing today. And I've got kind of I got it screenshotted some light-hearted. Stuff and some deeper stuff and I think it's important and from everything I do like whether it's dismiss or whether it's music videos. I could never answer questions enough. And so I think I think it's important to do this once a week. I got to say this podcast will be today brought to you by Yi apparel. I just talked to my little brother Parker. He runs it over there at the ye farm and he told me to tell you guys that we're coming out with the spring release in March and what that means is every season we put out a new release of a bunch of new merchandise. This hat is is one of them. So this camo hat you can't find until the spring release comes out March and this is awesome hat. This is a really good all this stuff. Is this solid I'm really excited about the spring release and you could find that it ye apparel.com Or I Granger smith.com. I also want to do a giveaway here. So I'm going to do we do a giveaway every episode and now that we're on the YouTube as well. You can see it. So I'm giving away right here. For those of you that aren't watching. This is a black cap. And it's we called this Sunset buck. And that's what we call it at the office. But so it's a whitetail buck standing in front of a sunset. It's pretty awesome. Hat and this one. Particular has been warned. It is is weathered because I just took it straight out of my closet. So I'm at home today. I'm in my home studio. We just got off the road. Sometimes I want to record these on my bus Wildflower and sometimes I'm going to record them here at home. And so wherever I am, I will grab a peach piece of merchandise either from a bus or from home that I could take and I've worn and you got to be aware that it is. Is Warren and I will sign it like going to do right now. And go comment on my on the let's say the YouTube video of this podcast and say say hashtag Ranger Smith podcast hat give away 21 that way I can I can keep it straight from because I gave away a hat on episode 20 as well. So that is that's a lot of the housekeeping. I wanted to get out of the way and let's get to get into some of these questions. And I'll start with a screenshot and I wanted to get like a light-hearted one too, because I'm there's some there's some deep ones on here to light-hearted will start with this one. Your first truck. I got this off Instagram my first truck that the reason this one's easy to answer is because any of y'all that have seen Earl Dibbles jr. You've seen that green truck that Earl drives. That was actually my first truck. It's a 1974 GMC 3 in the tree straight six single cab and that truck is has been it has so many stories with me you could imagine Version of myself young teenager driving this truck everywhere going to school and going to high school in it going going deer hunting in it. I wrecked it so many times. I flipped it the caveat to that is I wasn't in it at the time. I was actually I was actually working at it dad's Ranch and the left it in neutral and it was a, you know wasn't a much of an incline so I didn't think anything about it and several minutes later. The wind picked up and actually took the truck down the hill onto a fence and flipped. So the roof was was completely dented in. I got a hammer and knocked at the roof back together, but the door was was beaten pretty bad. It never really shot. Right so fast forward a couple years. I've got a puppy brand new lab puppy in the back of my truck and I'm backing out of the barn and I'm looking back like this, you know make a The puppy isn't going to jump out of the bed of the truck and I don't run over him. So I was worried about that and my stupid 17 year old brain. I didn't realize that driver's side door was still open. So as I went out of the barn with the door open it ripped the door. I didn't rip it off. It just been it really bad and then it was unrepairable. I couldn't I couldn't get it back on and anyone that has tried to work on it. It's just going to retake too much work. And to get a new door and be too expensive so my dad and I just took the door off which is why if you watch Earl Dibbles any Earl Dibbles video, his truck is missing a door ladies and gentlemen, that is why because I'm stupid. It was a stupid teenager. Next question. This is from Twitter. It says what is one of the weirdest crit or craziest things you've ever seen in the crowd while performing and a screenshot of this question because it's interesting to me because I have a very specific Answer to one of the weirdest to craziest things I've ever seen while performing and this goes back to when we were performing in Iraq, and we performed in Iraq and a seven and a late and then again a no 909 was Christmas and New Year's so that was a really special time and I've never felt more connected to music and fans and I did back then and the funny thing is no one even knew me back then I no one even knew. Ooh my music back, then which is interesting that perspective but one time in particular, I we played people who say oh you went to Iraq. Where did you play? We literally played everywhere. We played fobs all over the place. We would jump in these these helicopters and one Blackhawk would take us and one black hawk will take our gear and we would go over to these small remote places where people never saw. It you know, that's not like we're the cheerleaders win the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders did not go to these places and I don't know if partly it's because we were a nobody band or partly because I was requesting the most remote places, but one in particular, I remember one fob in particular and this is a place that didn't even have running water. They didn't have bathrooms the people deployed there actually went to the bathroom in a tube. They just went into the desert. It just went into the ground and lunch and Sir were like sandwiches, you know brought in from coolers. There was no dining facility or anything. So the the specific memory to answer this question. What is one of the weirdest or craziest things you've seen while performing they literally put us on the only little piece of concrete that they had a little slab and they drove in tanks to the edge of the concrete and all the men and women get you know that all the soldiers got up. To the tanks. It was Army and they that was like their bleachers for for the show. So I took some pictures of that I was that was the weirdest or craziest thing and also the one thing that made me built by felt very safe at that show for sure. I get a lot about guitar lessons. Did I teach myself guitar? Yeah, I taught myself guitar and I was 14 years old and I mentioned this I believe in podcast number 1 episode 1 but yeah, I taught myself guitar and I was just so passionate about it. There was a little book my grandmother gave me this guitar when she gave up on it. My mom's my dad's mom and she gave up on it and it was in my closet and there's a little book it took told you where to put your fingers. And that's how I learned how to play guitar. I was so into it when I was 14 years old. I was so committed and that's if you're thinking about getting your kids into music. That's that's a good thing to know is that it's really hard to get into music or playing an instrument unless you really really want to you know what I mean? I mean isn't that isn't that similar with anything in life? It's hard if you're not if your heart's not in it and my heart was in and I wanted to learn so bad. A lot more about that on episode 1 of this podcast. I'm gonna get I'm gonna get a little bit deeper first before I dive into some some deep stuff. I want to talk about our tour dates and you can find these at Granger's smith.com forward slash tour March 5th, Dothan, Alabama, March 6th, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, March 13th, Huntington, New York, March 14th. Scan D New York man. This is like the second time I did this on the Smiths to skank skank and that could daddy. Sorry got I better learn how to pronounce it for I get there March 15th, Lancaster, Pennsylvania, March 20th, Indianapolis, Indiana, March 21st, Medina, Ohio the 26th of March were in Royal Oak, Michigan 27, Champaign, Illinois 28th, West Peoria. Illinois That's March. If you didn't hear your name called, I promise we're going to be coming around and if you don't if you go to Granger smith.com and don't see your tour date or something around you we probably just haven't updated it yet, but we will be there. So that is a great segue into the next question. And this is off of Facebook. And it says as an airline pilot, I struggle most weeks leaving home. I struggle most weeks with leaving home leaving my significant other and wrapping my mind around the fact that it's time to go and make my living. It's what I signed up for but it never gets easier as a touring musician What routine do you use to be able To walk out of your door and Georgetown with your head held high and was strength. I feel like it may be easier because you have the reward of a show each night and you have your buddies with you bandmates, but I know that even shows can get stale just like flying a jet or anything else in life. And then right under it. There's a comment that says Truckers are the same way man. And hey airline pilots truckers. We mentioned men and women in the military that there's a lot of professions that just have to travel for a living and you know, there's a lot of people at my record label have to travel to go meet radio stations and they're gone all the time. So there's a lot of professions of travel and it's a great question and I want to try to answer it specifically to the way. That you asked it for instance. You said wrapping your mind around the fact that it's time to go and make a living. It's what I signed up for but it never gets easier. first of all with so many emotions in life with so many things in life. I've had it's taken me a lot a lot of years to realize that whatever I'm feeling at the time. It's okay. So for instance if you're leaving your house and you got to go fly in your jet and you're trying to convince yourself that okay, it's time to leave the family and go make a living to what I signed up for. Are you trying to convince yourself of that? Or is that what you're trying to mask the other feeling of that maybe a little sad leaving? So the truth is it's okay to be it's okay to be frustrated. It's okay to be a little sad leaving. It's not it's not that you're ungrateful of your job same with the guy that comment about being a trucker. It's not that you're ungrateful. Of course, you're grateful and you got man you're making a living you got you got a good job. You got a paycheck coming in and so it's natural to also at the same time. Same time. You're grateful. Simultaneously sad that you're leaving your family, maybe a little regretful that you're leaving your family. So there's there's a couple ways. I tackle this mentally one. I try to be as present as possible. When I am home. That means I try to shut work off. That means you know, I'm dick. Yes. I'm sitting here doing this podcast, which is work right now in my own house, but Amber's gone and she had a haircut appointment and then she's going to grab us lunch and the kids are at school. So when Amber gets home with that lunch and then a little bit later when the kids get home from from school, I'm gonna shut this work thing down and I'm going to try to be as focused as I can on there. Their lives and their stories and that makes me feel a little bit better. So for guys like, you know, the airline pilot and the trucker you have to look at it that most people that work are going nine to five and then they're getting home from work about six and then it's time for dinner and then the kids are you know, taking baths or reading and going to bed and then you might leave the next morning before they even wake up. So that's that's typical to So no one has it easy. You know anyone that's working for a living. No one has it. Perfect. Everyone's got to go unless you're just retired your your for some reason home all the time. So no one's immune to this. So number two. The second thing I try to do is remind myself that and in every way and everything. I do I'm setting an example for the family and setting an example for the kids. And so if they see Dad leaving kissing them a good I and going to work knowing that I'm following my passion. I love what I do. I'm grateful that. I have a job. I'm grateful that I'm working and paying the bills and if I come home and I'm super present with them and maybe bring them a little piece of candy every once in awhile and love on them. Then I think that's a good example to teach them. That it life is worth pursuing light like a career in something you love happiness is worth pursuing and that as the alternative of yeah, I remember dad and he went to work before I got up and then he got home and he was usually tired and mad at his boss or you know, there's that there's that scenario. So keep that in mind you're doing good buddy the fact that you're even asking me this question. Means you're doing good you're hanging in there. Sometimes I'm talking to Amber on the phone and I'm on tour then she hears this that's it. She laughs at me because I carry this dadgum water bottle with me everywhere. So she recognizes that sound. Do you do devotionals like Amber? If so, what kind of devotional is your favorite? I've never got I've really gotten into this and the answer is yes. I do devotionals every morning Christian devotionals and I struggle a little bit with I don't want to be too. You know, I don't want to shove God down anyone's throat. I don't want to be too preachy that I'm a country singer and I feel like I could try my best to live by example, but I don't want to I don't be too preachy but you asked me so I will answer you. Okay, it's my caveat. Yes. There's I read several devotionals every morning and that's like my time. You know, I my phone doesn't turn on mud. My normal apps don't Until 9 a.m. Every morning. I have them set like that. So I can't go and look at Instagram and start to judging people are watching people judge me. I don't deal with that till 9 a.m. But I I would say out of the ones that I read. Number one. The best one is called Amber's home. The best one is called Jesus calling and that's a great maybe maybe I should say entry-level devotional. but at the same time it's Ivy I'm on probably my third year of reading it and you everyday you flip to a new page and it just always seems to speak to where you are at the time so Jesus calling it's an awesome one Lindsay you asked that question and I saw that you asked to and I'm going to answer your second one as well. Amber's home with the lunch I want to get. Okay, I'm going to get kind of deep at this one. Linda you asked and I'm assuming that you're kind of connecting that devotional question to this one. But you said I lost my fiance. I know it's not like losing a child. But how do you get through each day? Hey, I don't know if I'm totally qualified to answer this question because I don't know what what you've gone through and you say you know, I know it's not like losing a child, but at the same time you can't you can't grade your grief compared to anyone else because what you're going through is what you're going through and that is that is your trial right now. And so first of all, I don't want you Lindsay to look at anyone else and go I lost my fiance and you know, that's bad but it's not as bad as you know him or her that's that's that's not right. What you have is is overwhelming and very deep that you got the first thing I would lead you to so is go to YouTube and go to What to find this I just typed in. Ted Talk TD tedtalk grief and then find the one that has the title. We don't move on from grief. We move forward with it. And this is just an Incredible video y'all and it's worth seeing anyone. I saw this I was introduced to me at at therapy with Amber and I and it's really good. It's it's a woman speaking and she's just a great speaker, and she talks about losing her husband and after she lost her husband a few years went by and then she she fell in love again. Then she got married again and she mentioned that you know kind of most of her friends were like, oh good. Thank God, you know, she's okay. She's going to be okay and the fact is is that you never really move on. You could only just move forward and that's the same with any grief. And and so the product of you losing your fiance is It's changed you forever. You are a different person because of your fiance and because and because of how he left you you'll never be the same. And good and bad ways there is. There is always two sides to look at this. So Lindsay, I'm assuming it is a very safe guess that you will find somebody else that you'll fall in. Love again. And I want you to know that if you do and when you do it's not a bad thing people won't judge you and think that you have for finally forgotten your fiance. It's not what this is about. It's about knowing that you will meet your next somebody because of who you are now from your fiance and because of his life and because of his death it was through that process through that trial through that obstacle that knit then Led You On A, New Path to find love again. And that through the dark time, you must be going through isn't that a crazy beautiful thought? That you will find Joy again. You will laugh again. You won't stop grieving and you won't you won't stop missing him or being sad, but the new version of you. Will lead you down the path you were supposed to be on. It's very deep and crazy and overwhelming and sad and joyful and invigorating and devastating all in the same breath. But I want to say good luck to you and thanks for asking that question and I hope that I hope that you follow up with me and and I think going back to the devotional thing. Jesus Calling would be great a great start. And if you're ever if you're ever in deep deep grief, and you wonder how to move on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. So if you wonder how to get through tomorrow, it doesn't matter. Just get to the next breath. That's all you need to do right now. Breathe. That was the best advice given to me and I think I'll leave it with that. If you guys have a question, you want me to answer it? I'll deliver every Monday go to Granger smith.com or go to social media hashtag Grainger Smith podcast. Ask a question. Love you guys. Thanks for listening. I'll see you down the road Iggy.