Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it toModify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually here at the 17 offices right now and I feel very bujji yaron. Thank you so much for being here today. Of course. Hey guys. Yeah. And so yarn like was nice enough to invite me here. I'm so excited because normally you guys don't know this but I normally and you are and you don't know this and normally record on the floor of my bedroom and like I have my guests like sit on a pillow Like literally inside of my closet. So I mean whatever works for you. It's true. It's true. It's easy and like it's cozy, but I'm very excited to be here. I feel very professional and I feel like a real podcasters. Thank you so much for having me of course was really easy for me because I had to move like two steps. Yes. Yes, but you know, I'm always down for a little field trip. So this is really fun. I'm really excited to talk to you Aaron today yarn. I actually have met before at a lot of different like PR events and stuff through work, but we actually funny enough when To school together we both went to Syracuse. So I'm really excited to chat with her about that and like her experience as you both graduated from new house. So yeah, I graduated 2018 great and I graduated in what 2017? Yeah, so we have a lot to chat about and I'm really really excited. So yarn, why don't we just get started with you telling us like a little bit about what being an assistant editor is what that means for you what it's like to work at 17. I feel like that's like literally everyone's dream. So, please tell us about Like to work here and what your job entails? Yeah, of course, so I'm the assistant. I'm an assistant editor at 17. So my job mostly focuses on our Snapchat Discover Channel. So what we do for Snapchat is 17 puts out a in addition on Snapchat every day 7 days a week and we kind of write and edit content sometimes repurpose from the site sometimes like made just for Snapchat that just goes up on our channel. So, you know you tap through like all those snap. Apps I myself myself and our Snapchat editor. We kind of curate those we figure out all the text that goes on those snaps and then yeah, we work with our designers and animators to bring those to life and kind of you know, visualize the concept and that's what you guys see on Snapchat. Hopefully subscribed 17 stuffed up, please. Yeah, so that's what I do or SnapChat, but luckily because our team is actually pretty small my role has evolved a little bit since I've been here so I have also Unable to contribute to the site a lot. I cover a lot of our Beauty and health a lot of our Beauty and health fertig on site. So I'm kind of covering anything from like, you know, everything you need to know about your butt hair. Oh my God who like acne stories like hair stories kind of like the full gamut. So yeah, that's kind of a mix of what I do at 17 as you can imagine. It is a lot of fun to try and connect and pretend to be a teen but it's a lot of fun to you know, our team is really Really young so it's a lot of fun to kind of like, you know be around everyone and it's like a fun culture and just really chill and you know, as you can imagine I can imagine it is like the greatest time ever just being surrounded by like beauty products and clothes all day seems so fun. So why don't you give us like a little bit of like a rundown of like maybe like your day-to-day responsibilities, like if a girl out there listening is interested in working in edit and editorial kind of like what that looks like for you. Yeah. Short is so for our Snapchat. We work about I would say two maybe three weeks out in advance. So I'm usually kind of combing through those on a daily basis just to make sure we're on track for you know, whatever is going up that following week or the week after so usually for our Snapchat we're doing mostly celebrity entertainment content. Sometimes will do Health. Sometimes will do kind of like lifestyle Beauty fashion, but a lot of it falls under the celebrity and entertainment category just because that's what it performs for our audience. I mean, I totally snap through the 17 Snapchats. I like every single day. Thank you. It's working. It's my young celeb news. Like I have to know what's going on with liked Anna Mojo and make the YouTubers. Yes. So I love them. Yeah, but that's basically what I'm kind of doing on a daily basis. So what are you so I would say on a normal day. I'm making sure that we're on track for Snapchat. So we're kind of we map out editions. So I guess the way to explain that is we if we're taking a story from our site we're kind of putting it into each snap seeing like Snap-on is going to have this text and this headline and the sub had in this image or whatever. So we're kind of figuring that whole lineup out. So I'm doing that and yeah, so if I'm not doing that I'm working with we have like meetings with our animators to you know, like talk about how these additions will come to life. So it's kind of the Snapchat work that I do. And then I also like I mentioned I write for our site so I'm combing through kind of like our monthly priorities when it comes to like I said before I cover a lot of beauty and health content so I could be may be interviewing a dermatologist about I don't know some acne or skincare story or I could be kind of going through Instagram and finding nail trends that we want to put into a story. So it really just depends on what kind of story I'm working on and what kind of research I'm doing for that story. So That's the writing part. And then I also I recently I smell that reason but back in September, I believe reason I got ya so I started my self and our content strategy manager at 17. We launch a beauty franchise on 17th Instagram stories. So it's called beauty school and I'm the host. I've totally seen these videos. I'm like, oh my god. Wow, that's so interesting. Like I watch Beauty School every time you post on your personal Instagram and you like repost I totally watch. But please tell us more. Okay? Yeah. So basically it's super super simple concept beauty school. So I'm basically testing out whatever new product our audience seems to be interested in so a lot of the times it's like a celebrity baseline or today. I just did one for Florence by Mills new palettes like Millie Bobby Brown's makeup line. Yes, our audience loves her. So it's like that or like a James Charles to highlight, you know, like something like that. So any kind James Charles, but any kind of you know launch that are Ears are excited about I'm kind of figuring I'll have so me and so myself in the content strategy manager. We kind of work out like what we should do for that episode. So we want it to be something Beyond like an unboxing or just like a boring. Like let me do these swatches. We always try to have some kind of like tip or like teaching element to it. Hence the school. So, you know, it'll be like how to do like winged eyeliner or how to wear today. I did like a how to wear like color you are wearing some beautiful pink eyeshadow. That will means so gorgeous and very wearable. Thank you. But yeah, that was literally the concept it was like how to make like colored eyeshadow look wearable for school and you know, like whatever routines care about but yeah, so it's kind of a combination of all those different things. Like I said 17 is a pretty small team. So there's a lot of collaboration going on a lot of like random things that I could kind of be doing on a day-to-day basis like we might be like, I don't know our social person might be like, I'm shooting this Tick-Tock video. Like, can you help me like open this? Nobody Gasher or like do that or we'll have like all these like Kpop bands in onset and our video producer be like, can you come and like be my Korean translator and I'm like, yeah sure because they say Korean. Um, but yeah, it's really depends. It's a lot of fun so fun, but I really do like kind of having my hand and different things and different platforms. It definitely keeps things interesting and busy and yeah, I that's what I do. So I had two questions. Yeah coming up ask away. When it comes to Beauty School, what is your favorite product you've ever tried and like what's your favorite like line or like episode that you've done in Beauty School? That's so hard. Oh my gosh, so I can only think of what I have done recently. So, let's see. So a few weeks ago. There was a Netflix to all the boys collab with glow recipe Q. Did you see that like Netflix sent while the boys they partnered with Sephora and they like launch all these new actually didn't see that but idea obviously see my obviously but yeah, the basically they're all these like really cute like love themed products you may reach They are launched her on Valentine's Day. So I covered this collection. That was my glow recipe and have you tried any of their products? No, but I really really want to I'll give you some but absent the office but yeah, so basically they have this so for the movie they kind of repackage stuff that they already have so they have like a watermelon glow massive. Everyone is like what that's what yeah. It was like went viral. It's looking like sold out at Sephora so many times whatever and then they're like watermelon spray. Okay, and so are like Cool element from that episode was I was kind of just doing like a how to look like Lara Jean and to all the boys. So I was using their skincare kind of as a base for my look but I love love their product. So that was like a lot of fun to do and we obviously 17 loves to all the boys and bright and like who doesn't Lara Jean and Peter Kavinsky are UT and I am team John Ambrose your team. John Ambrose. Okay. I don't know what team I am. I really love them. Yes. I really like that. It's very controversial. I Like both of them. I feel like I want her. This is such a change right now. I feel like I want her to be with Peter because like he's just like the guy that everyone. Yeah, it's and I want that for her, but I really don't know versus a marrying kind. That's what they that's what they've been saying. Yeah the word on the street. I've heard like even Jordan Fisher is yeah. She should be with Peter right now. And yeah be with John Ambrose when she's ready to get married and like I agree with that John Ambrose is the better guy for she's like Super Mario Amaya. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's like so nice. He's like good to her and just like a romantic and like I agree. Yeah, I agree. I agree and like Peters like a little bit selfish. Oh, absolutely. He's like a jock. He's a good boy. Yes. I know Bruce's man. Yeah. No totally. Okay. Anyways, I want to know like when you are writing a story or an article for 17, like what's kind of like you're you're deciding factor like okay, this is our Brand This Is The Next Step. I'm going to take like first two people reach out to you or you're like, oh I really want to write a story about I don't know Accutane. Like I'm gonna touch this dermatologist or are they things that like your readers or your subscribers will like send into you? Look what kind of like your process there? Yeah. So in terms of our stories on site I will say most of our kind of priorities come from what will perform in search so kind of like what a lot of people are searching. So for example, a lot of you know, like best I don't know cleansers for dry skin. Like that's kind of like a search popular search term or you know, like I don't know like best dry shampoo. Ooh for blond hair like things like that. Those are things that people search so I will say a lot of our priorities like they're kind of like what people will search for in Google and our goal is to kind of like pop up as high as possible. I'm Google so that they will click on article, you know. Yeah, so that's definitely a large priority and that's kind of what we do. So those are kind of more like the Evergreen stories, but I will say if there's something that I'm really passionate about or something's really like caught my attention in the Beauty World. I always kind of like pitch And talk to her SEO person and kind of figure out how we can write that story for 17. So an example is I am I mean the semen that new anymore but wait before we get into that explain to the people as yes, sorry. Okay. SEO is search engine optimization optimization, excuse me, and you know, sometimes I'm like, I don't even really know what it is. But basically they're figuring out. Yes. It's very it's I really didn't know much about it before I start at 17, but it's basically just figuring out how to optimize your Stories best for search it's not cheesy this evening how you get your stories like to the top of the Google? Yeah. He's like how you got your traffic stuff like that. Yeah. So basically it's like what you can do how to optimize your story so that Google favors your stories, right? So that more people will see them. Yeah. Ok, cool now no, that's a good time. Recently. I'm glad you asked that but yeah, so what I mean by examples is everyone knows all my friends know I'm obsessed with pimple patches. My favorite is I have two favorites. One of them is the co-star Expo patch. It's kind of like the original pimple - like was brought in. Okay Korea. So that's definitely one of my favorites. They like sold on Amazon. It's super cheap. And then my other favorite is mighty patch but hero Cosmetics. Okay, they have like an invisible patch that like supposedly you can like we're under your makeup, but like I'm not doing that but it just like doesn't really like it's not as noticeable. So the idea is that you can wear it during the day and no one will like notice. Yeah, like I don't know I have mixed feelings, but I know people do it. And it's really not noticeable. I mean my co-workers were people batches into the office. Yeah, exactly. I never exactly exactly exactly but anyways, so yeah, this was like months ago. I feel like this was like maybe in the summer. I was just talking about pinball patches to everyone and everyone was like, well I use like a zit cream and I was like, okay. No, that's very like 2005, you know for sure that's like clear clean and clear that is like that gelled the Neutrogena like on the spot, whatever stuff like that which I don't know works for some people. Anyways, I was just really into Heidi and I was like, I really want to like write about this and then you know, it just so happened to be like a great Search terms that people are searching for is so my like worked with our SEO manager to figure out like how we could like fit what term to use and what the like URL should be, you know all the like boring stuff and then I just look wrote this fun story about panel pouches but something that's a little bit I guess more interesting is that so I have a monolid eye shapes. It's like a common eye shape where you don't have a crease on your lid. And it's common among East Asia ends and I have this eyeshadow, but I noticed that we like 17 didn't really have any coverage that was like helpful for a model that had girls. So I was like, I really want to write a story for this and of course, it was also something that people searching. So yeah, I got to interview all these like cool makeup artist. It was a really fun experience for me to be able to like gather all these tips for awesome. Don't girls like me. Hey guys. I just wanted to take this second to thank the sponsor of today's episode which Is Spotify on Spotify you can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free? You don't even need a premium account, which I didn't know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now bitch work is available on Spotify and on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen offline, wherever you are. I love doing this on my commutes to work on the subway and you can easily share what You're listening to with your friends on Instagram. So be sure to share you listening to Fitchburg podcast on Spotify could only imagine that like so many girls out there like dream of working at 17 dream of like working at a magazine like coming to this like building in Manhattan and like having this glamorous job. So he's like let us embark on your journey of how you got here. Okay starting with let's try it about Syracuse from home in it and like then go into your first internship and like how you got that and what that was for sure. Okay, so my so yeah Syracuse was obviously very defining for me. I think I don't know. I think I'm kind of I feel like this is also the case for you, but I think we're kind of rare in that. We like knew what we wanted to do for a long time. So I feel like high school middle school was like I want to be a magazine editor like that's just what I want to do. So, I knew I wanted to go to journalism school. I knew I wanted to like do some kind of like woman's like Fashion Beauty lifestyle. Ocean, I just like knew I wanted to write or like do something related to that. So, you know, I just like achieve my dreams and what was your major? So I was a magazine journalism major. Yeah. Okay because a magazine journalism major and I really feel like I like my time at new house was so valuable. So when I got two new house I was like, I know I want to work at like a campus fashion magazine. I'd like done all my research like those losers that I was. Yeah, so, Like knew I was like they have all these like magazines and I want to like be a part of it. So I actually joined sipped my freshman year. So zipped is like the what do we call it Premier fashion and Beauty publication on at Syracuse University says like it's like Roger - Yeah. So basically I joined freshman year as a designer. So in high school, I had done a little bit of like I had taken a few graphic design. Yeah, I'd taken a few graphic design classes and I kind of was like, I do like writing obviously. I was a magazine journalism major, but I was like, I do also kind of like designing and I knew how to use like Photoshop InDesign those programs. So I just was like, okay, I'm going to like join sipped because they have this open and this is like a good entry for me only so I started yeah, so I started as a designer just so much fun and I gained a lot of experience. I got to know everyone on staff and I just kind of like that was just like my thing and college so I think sophomore year. What was I think I was like creative darker. I don't know like we had like fake me up. College Publications, and then junior year. I became the editor-in-chief of that. I actually had no idea god. Well, I was like, I didn't know like you know now yeah, so so, yeah, it's interesting because I was kind of straddling between like dessert wanting to do like kind of graphic design and wanting to write so obviously all my classes most of my classes for my major all like writing and editing and that, you know oriented that way But my first internship was actually in design. Oh, okay. Yeah my first and second internship were actually design sophomore and junior year or freshman and sophomore year. So I so I am grew up in Korea and my family still lives in Korea. So my freshman year summer, I was living in Korea, you know as he imagined and I interned at allure in Korea, which was an amazing experience, but it was like not I don't want to say it was a it was a Real internship, but it wasn't super structured right? It's basic my mom knew someone who knew someone who knew someone so I was able to just like get my foot in the door. I was like, I will literally do anything like I have kind of skills and design but I like literally do anything. So I really did do anything. So I like got coffee. I you know the standard but really I just kind of tried to be as involved as possible. I would try to like go to shoots just like figure stuff just like see how things ran I went to like the printing Factory. It was a big guy. I just like said yes to everything which I feel like, you know, it's awesome these things like hey Erin, like no matter where you like. I want to be here. Oh, I absolutely was like I want to be here my day-to-day responsibilities at the internship. I honestly don't really remember, but from what I remember it was literally just like sitting on in design and likes kind of Designing practice pages and then like looking for a lot of in spell like I look for info just all day like those my job. Yeah. It was like literally just looking at like Back issues and things like that what you know also is worth your time for sure, but I definitely asked to like be on set. I definitely asked you I actually got to design I think like three pages in The Print magazine, which was a really amazing experience. But yeah, I just kind of tried to get involved as much as I could. It was only a month long so like, you know, not a lot going on, but it was just good to get like work experience. Obviously. It's a little bit different and soul and from you know, New York, and it was like in Korean so obviously like a Of factors were different but I think it was really good to kind of get a taste of that environment. You have to see if that's like something that you were interested in exactly and it's definitely something that people like ask me about in interviews will be like we like Allure Korea like what was that like, so it's just like a you know, it is like such a different experience fun thing Dad. I think it's not normal. It's not really the norm to have an internship freshman year after freshman year of college. So it was just great to kind of like get my foot in there and start on something. So that was my Internship then and then sophomore year after sophomore year summer. I interned at this company called topics media lab. So basically they made was that in Korea as well. No, this was an ER. Okay and was this yes during the summer after the summer during the summer. I'm sorry. So during the summer intern at topics medial of Alzheimer. It was like an unpaid internship and I did you get that one. Yes, so I emailed everyone as you can imagine. I think I'd like a spreadsheet with like I call these like contact sure. I got her. He gets punished. Yes everywhere and I actually was applying redesign internship. So at this point I was kind of like wait like I think I like doing design. I was like, I'm still like writing stuff in class, but I was like, I'm not really sure but I was applying to editorial and design internships. I just like happened to get a design one. So basically I emailed a bunch of people as I said, and I applied at on our 2010, which if you I'm honestly not sure if they posted on anymore but I was in college that was like the site to go to for internships. Like they just posted all the editorial internships magazine internships like everyone like all the big places because Ed 2010. I'm 2010. Okay, let's we'll see if it's still yeah, we'll save but that's kind of that's like where I found this contact and my boss ended up being a Syracuse grad which like of course, he was a BPA grab because he had a design background obviously a but yeah, that was like a really cool connection. Yeah, and yeah, so what I did in this internship, I actually designed a ton. It was really cool. So what they did what this company did was they design kind of like special edition magazines and books for clients. So they had clients like Disney and like Newsweek and like just you know, those types of kinds and we would like make designs to for them cool like Elvis Presley like the random things like that, you know, but I got to design a ton. It was a really small office really small company. So they kind of gave me a ton of work to do so I got to design And like like told entire spreads and actually when I left a small company. Yeah, it was a small team. So obviously that's why but when I left I was able to I actually like freelance a little bit for them to my junior year amazing, you know, so I made like a little money on the side was really cool. Yeah. I like design a book. It was the John Wayne cast iron cook book if you're wondering. Hey, have you like a brochure or whatever like they would want us to be like books got it like a Disney princess. But yeah, let's say like Disney had like I don't know they were making like a Finding Nemo like puzzle book. Let's say like we would design that got it. Okay, cool. But yeah, so I just started getting more and more assignments from my boss and it just became the thing. So, yeah, I was designing a lot. How did you like get that? How did you like turn your internship into like a freelance work at the end? Yeah end of the summer you like. I really want to keep working for you guys are like, did they offer it to you? What happened? That's why I actually just I Honestly just maintain a really good relationship with them. I got a we think it was a team the designers that were like maybe like three designers and the whole team was probably like 10 15 people. So it's super small. So I just maintain a good relationship with them and kept in touch. When I remember when I left they were like Aaron like don't leave like we really want you to keep designing it was like me to obviously to go back to school and yeah, they just kind of I think like a few months or before I left my boss was like well like, you know, we always have like freelance work if your down I was like absolutely he was like we would pay I was like, oh my God, I wasn't even picturing that you know amazing. So yeah, and I went back to school and he just like reach out to me a few times and he was like do you have time to do this? And I was definitely a lot of work. I was like, you know in class like designing this stuff. Oops upside nose, really really good experience. Anything goes really good experience also put on my resume for sure. I mean, huh just to show that like you worked for you were unpaid intern for someone and then they I liked you enough to like keep you on about the school year and pay you. Yeah, it was awesome. So amazing to see on a resume. That's like gold. Thank you. Bye and then junior year. So I feel like this is a very long process to explain. This is this is the core of the podcast amazing so junior year was kind of when I started getting more into writing. So as I mentioned thus far freshman and sophomore year. I was like really into the design thing, but still magazine major right the Junior And I started taking more like magazine writing classes. So I took like magazine writing magazine editing like more like more just editorial Focus. I do not fear your really like, I mean new house has an amazing job of like making sure that you are involved in your in your major like throughout all four years of school, but I think by the time you reach junior year is when you were really like buckling down and you're in those classes that are like for your major toys really applies like any major in college like Junior and Senior year are definitely more like geared towards you so great and total sense. Yeah, so junior year. I just started getting a lot more into it. And as I mentioned junior year, I was editor-in-chief of zipped. So what I was doing for that was I was kind of basically curating everything that would go in turn magazine and I mean granted our magazine was only like 30 pages, but I was working with like our editors and writers to figure out what stories would go in what our shoots would look like. I would go to these shoots and you know be there and like choose photo toes and figure out Concepts and choose outfits and kind of to say that one time I was in a zipped article. They wrote an article about me and this girl named Tyra about our I actually remember this other YouTube channels and we did a photoshoot. It was very cute. I was you know featured in the magazine all around the school. It was a highlight of my so cool like use I think it was my junior year so you must have been a saint. Mmm, I mean, I'm sure maybe I designed that page and maybe I mean, I remember the picture it was me and Tyra and I was taking a selfie of us in the picture because you know, we were like meta know we was so mad and we were like the first real YouTube influence earlier at work. So that's why that's so cute. Yeah, but is it was so cool. I don't know. It was just like a cool magazine. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I love doing it. But I think something that actually my friend Eliza who was like the previous editor and she was up. She was kind of telling me like You're never at least for a long time in our career. You're not going to get this opportunity to have so much control over one talks. If she was like just like do what you can with it and have fun with it like your I'm not going to have I don't know if I'll ever have this control over any product like this. You know, I'm for anyone who was like in a club right now on campus like maybe is a writer for a college magazine or whatever. Like what would be advice you would give them from like stepping from staff member to editor-in-chief like what would you say like that process one for you? Yeah. Um, so it was basically again just kind of relationships. I mean, I worked really hard on zipped to be really honest. I really love doing it and I like poured my heart and soul into it. I remember when I was a sophomore I was like creative director and I worked with that our editor-in-chief of the time like tirelessly until literally like two in the morning. We would be like choosing photos and like editing articles and just things like that like she knew I worked hard and she knew my heart was in it. So I think that's why she wanted me to To be that or in Chief junior year and that was just so cool for me. And I knew I was something I was so passionate about I think anyone who knew me in college was like it's like pow. Wow. She's like a little too into it. Yeah, it was so obvious that you loved it that it was not a guarantee. But like, you know, I think the passion showed like she knew I wouldn't just let things drop, you know, like she knew I would put it put in the work and putting the commitment to you know, turn out an issue at the end of the semester. So yeah, that was something I did junior year and it Is a lot of fun but I work. Yeah, so glad you more into like your love of writing which will be doing to like your third internship. Yes. Okay. Yes. So yeah. So my other thing that I will say is that you really should kind of take your I guess like campus activities College activities seriously. Yeah, it's really it really helps you get internships for sure, especially with something like magazine. It's so like there is a campus magazine you want to work at a magazine. You should do it on campus. Then prove to an employer that like you have this experience. It's so like one in one whereas for a lot of other activities or Majors or career goals to get might not be as black and white like if you want to work at a magazine, like there are college campuses that have magazine. Yeah, absolutely. So easy to like move that stuff onto a resume. Maybe if you haven't had an internship want one like this is a perfect way to get started know for sure. And and as I mentioned, you know up until this point in terms of like professional experience, I'd only had design experience but my like Editorial experience was really zipped and you know what? I was learning in classes. So leading into that the summer of my junior year. I interned at InStyle magazine, which was literally the best internship I could have asked for and the way that I got it was I so basically new house and at the time the company was timing had a partnership that they had just started and it was the new house timing diversity internship. So basically they were only accepting candidates from diverse backgrounds. Hands, that made me eligible. So I applied and you know, I was nervous because like I mentioned I was like, I don't know if I have like enough writing experience or edit or expense, but I really talked about zipped a ton and I like submit all these clips that I had like written for his up edited for Zips, you know written for classes things like that. I think I mean, I don't know exactly you know why they chose me but I would assume resume and like impressive but I would assume it's because I was so like I pray I think that my passion Probably showed through and also the fact that like you took time out of your school life and you kind of been out at parties or like doing these other things hang out with your friends to like pursue this passion that was directly related with what you were going to be doing and exactly taking your personal time to do this work instead of like having a being internship that you did over the summer. Like I think it shows a lot that you took that time during your life to work for zip. Yeah for sure. So, yeah, I got that internship. So that was really really cool. So yeah, so I basically was I think I was like the inaugural recipient of that in her job and then I spoke with a recruiter at time Inc. At the time to kind of figure out how they would place means. There's one like winner of his internship. Yeah, and you like one the time bank by new house internship and then they placed you yes, and then they were kind of so I had adulation and think you this haven't like it was really really exciting got that I was so excited. Don't even know but yeah, so they had to call it a jar and they kind of figure it out. They were like, what are you interested in? I was like fashion and Beauty, you know is like women's anything and luckily they Place me at in style, which was just like the coolest place to place me. It was like perfect. I mean I probably would have been happy anywhere but that was just like the dream for sure. Yeah. So my the summer after my junior year I yes, haha. Sorry. What was your internship title at? Oh, yes. Good question. I was an editorial intern instead of going like what were those responsibilities like? Yeah, so I was basically so the core of my internship I was fact-checking all are a ton of our print story. So I my boss was in charge of like the research team. So basically what I would do is when you know things that install would go to print like during that process the interns and I would fact check these stories. So what we would do is we would like literally make sure that I don't like Drew His name was spelled correctly. Obviously, that's about it and focus everyone knows our name is Lil Bit. They're like, yeah any celebrity or any person mentioned would make sure like, the spelling was cry got if there are any products we would make sure that the pricing what we would like email the publicist and make sure the pricing was correct matured. The links were cracked, you know, all that stuff. Basically what you would imagine fact checking is we're doing nothing and just making sure that everything exactly exactly which was also really cool a cool experience to just because I was able to see like what was going into The magazine before it was out for the public. So that was really cool. And it was just it was a really great intern job, I think because it really allowed me to work with every editor. So all these likely editors that I really admired and you know, we're like admin following on Instagram or reading their stories for the past. Like I don't know like five years I was able to like work with them in person, which is just the coolest experience sure. So that was something that I kind of started doing but I actually did new husband, right? See, okay. Yeah, so he's followed me to say yes. So we are very similar in that sense. But basically like how guys how I did new house. I lie. And I went to LA for the semester and interned at e yaron did that but they have one in New York too. So I'm assuming you also had to have an internship. Yes. Okay. So basically what I did so I so my summer internship was what like two three months. It was a June August or whatever made August and I wanted to extend my internship in. To the fall because I was going to be in the city, right? So I did think about applying for other applying to other places, but I don't know towards the end of my internship and so I just kind of felt like I could do more and learn more and kind of get more out of a out of my experience. So like I mentioned fact-checking working with publicist kind of was like what we did on a day-to-day basis, you know along with like some other admin tasks, but that was like mainly what we did. Oh so much transcribing I transcribe. Hey, So many but I got really fast. I will say funny because I have to do the same thing like has a video in turn. Like I also had to do a ton of interviews. I think that's something that a lot of interns have to do. Yeah. Honestly, I got really used to it. I got yeah. I was like told that I was really good transcriber, which I know you're bad at it but I think yeah are yeah. I mean I guess but that choose cool to work with different editors different orders would be like, can you translate this whatever anyway, so that was kind of a lot of what I did but kind of it's the end of the summer. I really really wanted to walk out of my internship with some kind of Clips. I was like, I need to have this I'm like here I need to have like at least one by line. So what I did was I basically reached out to I really tried to get coffee on the calendar with our site with the site director of and style which I mean it wasn't coffee but it happened. So I basically tried with her for like 10 minutes and I was like, I really want to write for the site any way that I can I will literally right like whatever you need me to write. I'm like happy to do whatever it so she Was very receptive to that and she kind of told me which editor was in charge of like different verticals. So she was like, this is lifestyle other. This is a beauty editor. This is the fashion editor like this the e-comm editor you can pitch them accordingly. So I basically reach out to all of them and I was like, I would love to write for your vertical if you need any extra hands any other stories like I am here because like, like I said, I was you know fact-checking transcribing but it wasn't like fully taking up all my time. I definitely felt like I could reach anymore, right? So basically Lee I you know reach out to all these editors some of them were kind of like, oh, yeah, we'll let you know if there's something and like, you know, they never got back to me but I remember the lifestyle editor was like, oh my God, thank you. I have like so many stories. I need you to write like I'm down a writer, but basically I was able to write for her. So I wrote kind of like all these random like food lifestyle stories. So a lot of like a big thing that we were doing at the time we're writing Stories about like comic books that had come out so they were like, yes happy stories and we would like right about the cookbook. So for example would be like, I remember Melissa of big by Melissa came out with like a Cake Cookbook. So we featured like a recipe and then we would write like a long blurb about like her cookbook and like where to find it and you know what it was about like things like that but you know, which sounds like kind of easy in theory, but it's actually kind of hard like shoot I would get a lot of feedback from the lives daughter being like well like, you know, you can't write about food this way because like The food is not crunchy like, you know, like things that you don't think about. I mean definitely working in food. It's wrong. Just yeah, right. I mean you would know very interesting to you learn like this whole different world the lingo and adjectives. Honestly, I like how to describe this food. I don't really have to deal with it so much. I work in video, but our editorial team is, you know, very good. Yeah describing I would often be told that I was like using the wrong lingo should be like well like, you know carrots can't be like crunchy like I don't know like No, things like that this about example, but I don't care. It seemed like they could be crunchy. No it like yeah anyways, so, um, that was I mean, it was really good feedback. But yeah, so I actually got like a lot of clips that way. So that was kind of just starting out we wanted me they wanted well, so that was kind of just starting up when my summer came to end. So that's why I was like, I'm just starting to write like I can write more if I extend my internship and I think the beauty of a fall internship so long story short I internet and style for the fall. As well. So I was there I think six months total which was such a good experience but I was gonna say the beauty of a fall internships of anyone to saying like is nervous about being away from school for a semester. I'm sure you could speak to this as well. But the fall internship was so much better because there were less interns but like still a lot of work. Yeah, so I was just starting to do kind of like that food writing like I was talking about so I use that and I was like, I reached out to all those editors that I mentioned. For our like the beauty. I really wanted to write for the beauty vertical so I was like look like I wrote all these other stories for in style. So like please let me write it Beauty story. So I actually wrote. Oh my God, I felt so cool. So I read I wrote them story on how to do a smoky eye for monolids. And I interviewed Lucy Liu's makeup artist. It was like such a cool experience for me. So amazing as an intern that's funny. Yeah, and it's all and it's because you like put yourself out there you ask for what you wanted and you got it like I think Hmm a lot of people Struggle and internships to just like doing what they're told and not putting themselves out there. But I think like you especially show that it's so important to like put yourself out there and ask for what you want. Like you're never going to get it if you don't just straight up asked for it and I will say though generally. I was just like a kind of like quiet and turn like my strategy was just like, you know, I don't want to like stand out but I just want to be good at what I'm asked. That's great. So because I was able to like, you know, transcribe something quickly. I was like weeds can read a story, you know people I think it's really interesting now working and like the real world people sure the fun intern is like cool to have around like she's enjoyable or he or she is enjoyable for the summer semester, but it's people that do the good work and do it. Well that when they leave on like okay, she was a star it's not the one who's like planning the internship activities and like hanging out the interns in the like being funny and being funny. That's not the intern that like I want to work for me. The internet I want to work for me is one that is enjoyable to be around respectful does their work like efficiently and well and and goes above and beyond and making it known that he or she is passionate about what they're doing here and they want to do more for sure. But yeah, so that's kind of what I did into the fall. I was you know still doing everything that I was doing starting in the summer. It was like factoring and transcribing but blah blah blah like checking credits, but I was also kind of writing right pretty regularly for the site to so that was really awesome. Yeah. I walked out of the internship. So many blind by line. So I think that was also really helpful for me to get my job. So really worked out amazing. So you went back to Syracuse second semester now, it's time to look for your next job and what you're going to do after graduation. So briefly tell us about that and then we'll wrap it up. Yeah for sure. So I went back to Syracuse and basically I spent most of the second semester being nervous and freaked out which is really bad. I'm sure everyone you know says this advice but Ashley don't freak out especially in this industry until maybe April right like but mostly may you know, 1% of gray. So met was when I started kind of getting responses. So I like sir. I think I started sending out emails and like March and obviously everyone. Okay, great like good for you, but let us know when you graduate right? So yeah, I mean everyone was just like, oh great like sounds good. But like yeah, we can't like hire you right now obviously, but um, yeah starting April May I just kind of started Really looking for jobs and reaching out to people and I actually got my job at 17. The maybe like a week after graduation doesn't I got my job at Food? Yeah. We're only one week after God. Yeah, so I got my job. I signed my offer letter got my job sign my lease and moved into my apartment all in the same week so crazy. So so overwhelming you apply to the job or do you just like reach out to someone who 17 on LinkedIn? Like how did that work? So basically I got in touch with a Hurst recruiter because I saw there was a professor at Syracuse and she knew this At her ass and she was like, I think she sent this recruiter like a list of you know, like good seniors like seniors that she would recommend you are like the poster talk like making good relationships like getting it off. Like I did not make it any like legitimate relationships with like professors like at all during my time in college good for you. But yeah, I mean she knew Hurst recruiter is really helpful. But yeah, she I think she likes sent along name. So I got you know a hold of her email address. So I emailed her and I was like hi. I you know, I'm graduating as you know, I would love to talk about opportunities that hers. I'm interested in like this this and this I was like I basically said I'm interested in any editorial entry level job in like the woman's life. So I was Facebook like open to anything, you know, right and I'm not picky but if I can see this is what exactly and she responded to me literally right away. I guess she just like happened to be like recruiting at the moment and she was like, hi Aaron great. Like can you hop on a call like right now and I was like, okay like Sure. Oh she was like hi. I actually have a job open at 17 right now. Like do you want to hop on a call? It was like so random and I was like, oh my God, yes, but I remember I was like walking home, but I like crazy got on the call with her. It was so awesome. And I was like, I can't like tell her I'm not I'm not like free right now like great. What if this job is like clothes? No, I mean I was being dramatic. It's now or never but you know, we talked on the phone and it was for an assistant entertainment editor position. So actually I don't have a position right now. It's a different one, but But she was like, you know, we have this position open would love you to interview her blah blah blah, but she was like, you know, I want to kind of hear about your experience. So I kind of like on the spot had to be like well like this is what I'm interested in and you know, it's actually a really crazy story. But if you were a magazine journalism major at Syracuse, you would know that there's like a magazine business class that you take sophomore year and the whole semester long project is basically you choose a magazine and at the end of the semester you turn in a profile on the magazine. So like Throughout the semester you're supposed to interview like like editorial people advertising people like designers and all these different people and stuff and like write this like literally 25 page profile on like this magazine and like you're like what you would improve what you like about it the history all the stuff and of course, I did mine on 17 days. So I had all this like backup 17 knowledge. So on my HR call like I was like, oh, yeah, I love 17 because of x y z reason like, I just knew so much about it because of this project. Like lives breathe. She was like, wow, she's probably like why why she's so into 70 but it was because I like remembered all this stuff and all the people that I had spoken to. But yeah, so I think she sent me an edge. No. No, so she had me meet my manager now. So this was like still school. So I think there were probably like maybe three weeks to graduation and you know, it's like between finals and graduation. It's so chill like no one's really doing anything. So I was like, okay. I'm just going to go to the city. Yeah and like interview because she was You have next week and I was like, I like sure I like I don't have class. So I basically just stayed at a friend's apartment and interviewed with my boss and then after the interview she was like, can you do not a test if you applied for a magazine job. You know what I just pass are there like Monsters like write an article. They ask you to like write multiple articles right pitches make memes come up with video Concepts that could literally range from anything, but it took me I remember so my mom was in town. Bounce this is I got back to Syracuse and my mom was in town and she was like, I remember being in her hotel room because everyone was like partying because it was like the week of graduation. I was like I need to do this at a test in like two days. So I was in her hotel room because all my roommates were like put out loud and like be yeah, I like parties and stuff. So I was like, I need to just edit this. So I like one to my hotel my mom's hotel room and I was like don't talk to me and like writing this at is as I know but I was like sad to miss it, but it's okay. It worked out at 17 and then yeah the and then I graduated and then the week after Graduation I had my last interview and then I think like a few days after that. I got a call from my now boss and she was like, I'm really sorry, but we actually gave that position to someone with more experience and I was like, oh shit like I didn't get the job. Like I was like, oh my God, what are you too and she was like, but like we just like opened up this other position that I think you'd better for. So it was like a Snapchat position and she knew I had kind of like a visual background, you know, like going back to eat like that design stuff. Why I've heard yeah, sorry, but she was like this is better and I was like wait this this better and with that sorry. Yeah. Yeah, but she was like are you do you happen to be interested in this and I was like, yeah, I was like, I mean, I thought I was interested in like any job, you know, but I was like that sounds perfect. I'm down. She was like, you know would be like a learning curve because obviously I didn't have Snapchat experience not many people do and I don't think they're expected to as seniors in college like re-check. We had Snapchat totally totally it was like in its prime. Time I think she was thinking like someone young and like kind of like, you know, whatever. But yeah, so I obviously accepted and I have been here for and then I started like two weeks after I was like I can start as soon as you want me to yeah. No, I truly was like that except my diploma, but then yeah. Yeah, but yeah, I started in June 2018 and then I've been here for what like a little bit over a year and a half now ya see ya. Wow, that's my story. That's it. Dude. Thank you so much for being here and horror. I love all of your advice. I love everything you had to say. I really like wish now that I had made more of a connection with my professors in college, like who knows where I could be and um, this was awesome. Thank you so so much. I really appreciate it. And thank you so much for inviting me to your office of course or it's like a hot in here. So guys, if you have any other questions for yaran, are you want to like learn more about her? Can they like reach out to you on Instagram? Oh you too. Oh my God. But also follow me on my Instagram is it's yarn Kim why e RI n Ki am that's me, and obviously I will have her linked like on all the bitch work podcast guess pages and stuff. So like she'll be Tagged so you can definitely find her there. Don't forget to follow bitch work podcast on Instagram leave a review. Listen to the episodes share with your friends your family your co-workers everyone. And yeah guys, that's it. Thank you guys so much for listening, and I'll talk to you next week. Bye guys. Thanks for having me.