I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being revealed. It was a roller coaster. Yeah for sure a roller coaster is the best way to describe it. I mean, I was stressed so normal. I love to be like emotionally charged by things that I'm watching. So I was really like, oh my gosh, like what's gonna happen? Oh my gosh, Addie. Oh my gosh Beth. It was the mom like it was just everyone I was gasping at every single character this tonight. Absolutely. I mean, I feel like the show started as like very much sort of a small town, you know, coming-of-age drama and we're like definitely in filler Thriller mystery territory now and it's pretty exciting and they're meshing it all together. So fun in the visuals like are always so cool. If the bottle breaking opening like it was just so beautiful. I like music. I really love the scene like the gymnastic seen. Yes. It was beautiful. I was like, oh my God, I was like, wow, they're so strong and I wish I could do that. Like I took a tumbling class because I was like, I really want to learn how to do a backflip but it never happened. But like the he actually doing a backflip never happened. I took the classes I didn't work but I'm like man, I'm really jealous. It's like cool so good. So powerful. I love that. Yeah, everything just works together and I love how they, you know, we start with the voiceover. I think it's I just think the show's styled so neat and it works. So well, you know, we create something better. I love it. It's so so cool. Let's start off by talking about Beth Ann Daddy because they're sort of front and center of this episode again. They've had their ups they've had their downs. They've come together. They come apart in there very much spending a lot of time together again. We see them at first just kind of smoking cigarettes hanging out together and Beth reveals is pretty dark Family secret about how her uncle killed himself, which I think just adds another layer of her like family like kind of crazy family Dynamics and I just feel feel so bad for her honestly, even though she's kind of a nightmare sometimes like she just from quite frequently and I yeah and II really liked the scene because Beth is like yeah, there's definitely a Darkness there when someone, you know, does commit suicide like could they have stopped it and add he's like, oh obviously talking about collapsed. She says that's not really who she's talking about. What were those his thoughts on that? Who do you think she was talking about then? I think Beth is hilarious in this entire episode and you know, she knows she's suspicious. And you know, I think she keeps alluding to the fact that Addie. What do you know? There's more that went down so every chance she got she brought something that might make a d spill the beans so she uses her personal experience because she's like, I know how this goes. I've been through this before and this is tragic like darkness is not going to leave and the part when she goes bleach will take care of everything. Yes. It was so shady any truth always Shady but like she was really shady because yeah, I think she's like hinting at like I know so and please tell me and that was a really good point that you brought up. I didn't really connect it all the way but I was like nah, she's being really weird like they were things but yes. Yeah. She was like tempting Addie. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't quite know how to read that. I think you're completely right out. She's like, oh, yeah, but I don't know like it's so confusing because you know last week we got like we saw the scene that they have had like a romantic relationship before and I think that like, we'll talk about it later in this episode. I think that's still sort of an ongoing thing. So like I'm wondering if she is kind of trying to help adding and be like, yeah, I've been through this before like, you know, there's a Darkness there like trying to relay or if it is like just manipulative but this is my thing. It's like if Beth if Daddy were to tell Beth about the situation like let's say she confessed know what would bethe do with that information. Like I'm just confused like would she be there for her or would she use it against her? I'm I would say that she would Probably try to throw Colette under the bus and then like try to like sort of save a d and the situation. That's my guess. I would say that like she would use it as blackmail like, you know, she will use it as power over a d over anyone like I think that's just a part of her dysfunction like to a degree. Yeah. I think that she would be there for her but I think her drive to get the information is like for her own power like well, you know to bring that to the table if Needs to bring it to the table. Yeah, that's so and oh, I'm so excited to keep saying how that shakes down. But Beth is also like really harsh on Colette in this episode, which I honestly I kind of like, yes, finally because we saw like such tension in the first couple of episodes from them and then they haven't really like interacted and that's like pushing all of the limits Calexico. Yeah, like you over-rotated or something. So you need to get your eyes checked and your ears checking you get off your phone. I was like, whoa, this is Absolutely crazy. Why do you think that she's choosing to push this hard in this way towards Colette? I think she knows yeah, I think she knows something's going down. Like, you know, she's suspicious where Eddie was that? She's suspicious were coach has been coach. Mr. Practice after the whole situation. She is just very intuitive and very on her instincts. So I feel like she knows something and she hasn't and you know that he knows that they slept together right knows that like their clothes and now your man's dead. So what you know, you know what I'm saying? I think that's totally I think she was great. I think that scene because there's been so much like build-up and tension between them and the first opportunity she got to like Slammer she took it and she did it in front of her entire team. She's like watch your eyes aging could be this like she just she told us lamb dumped her and go to the say anything. She got a prize by the reaction because I thought because last week we had that like Savage seems she's like, yeah you like and calves gym shoes. In my practice or whatever like 50 pushups, like I thought she was gonna make them all run Labs or something. Were you surprised that she just walked out? I was surprised. Yeah, I like they're all doing 50 pushups. And I think and I think that was I think that was the worst thing coach could have done because now I think Beth is like yeah. Oh she's a week. Yeah, and she's yeah, she's guilty. She's her own detective right now. She is watching everybody's emotions. She's like, oh and she did say that she was like she must be grieving over will. I just wanted out nose and I feel like almost in that moment. You also could say that she was kind of standing up for a D2 because you know, she gave her those gym shoes. That's yeah, that's a perfect. Maybe she gave her the gym shoes. She'll think I don't want to see you do push-ups again. Yeah, so maybe there was something more. Yeah. It was like a definitely like sort of the adjuster for sure I'd say and then we have a d who is I feel like she I kind of appreciated Beth especially in this episode because I think she is Bringing a t back down to reality. I was like, you know, like she's having a really hard time like she loved both of them and best like that's like complete like BS like this exactly. What happened with my dad. This is exactly what I'm having that parents like why is it so different with Colette? Are you like on Addie's team? We're like, okay like she's mourning or are you like? Yeah, like she the I've seen this before firsthand of my family and we shouldn't get a free pass on this. I think that's been through so much. She's seen it. She seen the infidelity. She's like I know exactly How that goes my dad used to go get his fix somewhere else and then come back home to his family so much and in the brown, yeah, so she was like quit being full. I quit being so naive about the situation and then even the whole suicide thing. She's like, oh nobody recovers from that. So she kind of keeps pushing her like what do you know? Because you're not just going to get over it. Whoever told you this. It's not just going to happen like that. Yeah. Yeah I kind of was on I understand Beth side because at the end of the day like she has seen a lot she's been through a lot so She kind of knows the situation at the end of the day like it is very selfish. No matter what the situation is. It's very selfish to have an affair on your spouse, especially when you have a kid. So I you know coach wanted the release of like having a new fun situation and it's selfish. Yeah, so no matter how you put it and even if she was in love with both which you know, you can be in love with two people fine, but it's like the desires to act on it. He gotta contain that I also think kind of what you mentioned earlier about how Beth keeps planting. Things in order to get added to talk. I think that's exactly worked out how she wanted it to 2 because it eventually does make Addy slip and say yeah, there was some trouble in Paradise and that's like oh so what do you know about that? That's very interesting that you were to say that and Beth was like, yeah, I'm pretty sure the police are probably going to find something out. So I think that she's playing her like a little fiddle. I'm just saying and we also get the scene where Beth actually looks at the video of Will and Colette again in this and what did you think about that? She's ramping up like, you know, she's making sure like I said, she's such a detective in this everyone. Yeah, but she has additional evidence that she can turn over like I think that's why she's even did that power trip with Colette to be like, let's not forget like what I got on you and you know, she's she's making sure she has that video to like, let me make sure it's good. Deleted okay, cuz you know I had her phone for a moment though. Exactly should let me stay on top of my game. I don't know but I when I was watching I kind of felt like she was looking a little emotional was that just me who was perceiving that wrong? No, I agree with you. I think that yeah, I think the Beth is more emotional about the situation than she's letting on like obviously she does one like power over. She obviously hates Colette, but I think that I think that this death is sort of affecting her to as much as she's putting on a front because I mean she looked at the article and then she like saw the videos so and to me it just looked like she was very emotionally tied it like maybe it was being difficult. But at the same time like that's not going to stop her from using them information and he you know ways you can yeah, it's definitely going to be interesting to see how it shakes out especially with Beth because she's so complicated. But before we continue breaking down the episode ebony, can you tell everyone a little bit about what's happening here at AfterBuzz? Yes Taylor I can there's so much going on here at AfterBuzz. We love to cover your It shows realities dramas like the ones are on now dare me. We love to hear your opinion. So please continue to like subscribe and comment comment below be in our live chat be active with us. We're so excited that you guys are here listening and tuning in So, yeah, so and if you cannot watch you can always listen to us on Spotify and on iTunes. Yes. Thank you so much. Let's talk a little bit about Audi's Mom. Okay my girl from day one. I love her. Like she's a mom and she is keeping track of you know, Andy's we're about when she can and she's obviously very upset that and he's not coming home, which I totally get that like girl. You need to text her mother like this is not this is not good. But besides just you know, being a parent should also a cop of course and we see her investigating a little bit. At the tower with you know, the woman who says like he will always used to help carry groceries and his knuckles are bloody. What do you think that she's thinking with that little piece of like evidence that little tidbit I think by profession. She's on the job. Right? Like she's like, you know, as a police officer this suicide alleged suicide has happened. So she's doing her job and getting information and trying to find out whatever she can't but I think the two-part thing here is that she's a Mother as well, right? And so I think her instinct is coming in like her motherly Instinct because her daughter she can feel something is off about her. So I don't think she's close enough to connect, you know what her involvement maybe but I think her instinct is kind of overly guiding her to like keep an eye on her daughter because she's like the things that I see and the things that a girl can go through. Um, so yeah, I think I think her instinct is playing a role here. In addition to her profession. Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't agree more. I really thought in that scene. It was very weird because like the woman was kind of like giving tidbits but then kind of was like, oh I have nothing else to say it was like wait a second. Like what were you what else were you going to like? You know, what were you thinking? What are you what do you know and she kind of was very like aloof about her information that she was giving I felt like a Dee's mom probably was feeling suspicious. Vicious. Yeah for sure. Right like you bloody knuckles. Who is this guy? He's around my daughter. Like you said. My daughter has been out late. She hasn't been coming home. She's not calling me what's going on like that? She feels like there's a bigger story here. Yeah, and even though she is telling a d like information about well, I feel like it's a way to kind of like push her to tell her I feel that too because she's not even really supposed to disclose that type of information to anybody anyone but she is giving her piece. It's to almost be like open the pathway that if there is something you need to say. I'm your mom first. Do you guys think she would have her back like, yeah for sure for sure another police officer. I mean that is that is risking your whole. Yeah. I just I don't know. I feel like she's I feel like she'll put being a mom first to be completely honest or like yeah sure. Like I don't know. I feel like she's she will help adding not like cover anything. But like this is you trying to do well. Yeah, but not like I don't think she's going to be like I'm never talking to you again like you're the worst. Yeah, no, no, no, but I mean either she would like there's one or two ways like one she would have to be like you need to turn yourself in. Yeah, or should be like, okay. Well, I got your back. Oh, I think we need to burn her back. Really. I mean, I love Well, if we get a season 2, I guess that's what will be figuring it out. Hopefully. Yeah, but yeah, it's really interesting to see that and then we see that Kurtz is watching through that little door window thing. What it what are your thoughts on that? What is going on? Because you saw that he had the like model apartment sign on his door so that they wouldn't even knock or like come into the apartment. Yeah, which I thought was looking. Yeah, that's really that's really genius. But I was like, oh my gosh, I didn't first wouldn't even think about Kurtz. Like he wasn't even someone that was like on my suspicions list, but now he is and then he showed up to the party all weird. I'm just like, okay, there's something going on. There's something sketchy happening. I thought it was weird. They brought him in. I didn't expect him to be there at all. And now he's one of my suspects because I'm like two things either. Why was he likes, you know hiding behind the door with that sign. You're absolutely right. He's like do not disturb. It's almost like Saying nobody is in there. So he's not going to be questioned. So what does he know does he know about the affair? And why was he so frightened like or what? Did he see? Right. Let me do it. What did he like? Maybe we're gonna make this all up right now. Maybe he came to the apartment to drop something off at will and then he saw this whole situation go down or maybe he's our witness. It was a witness, or maybe he reacted because will did unleash on him. Oh Oh so scary that we got out. There's a lot of possibilities going on right now before I continue one of the ways we keep all of our content for you. The listener free of charge is our amazing sponsors. And today anchor is one of those sponsors. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership it Everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. It's so many Secrets, but we did get one. I mean kind of secret like told to us and that is a little more info about wills wife. So she apparently died after him after being hit by a drunk driver and they couldn't find well since he was overseas and so it was very tragic. Are you guys surprised by this sort of backstory for her? I was because we've never heard about a wife before we did here at mention because he said I think he told colet like I used to have a wife he told someone I actually don't remember if he builds some what he did bring it up, but I think I'm just wouldn't like I guess I'm just like, okay, that was very interesting. Very tragic very weird very random, but at the same time I'm like, what are we going to what is that great how to like fit? Yeah enhance the the situation. Yeah that is going to be really anxious to get part of it. Getting even if I did hear it be mentioned before I'm like, oh, maybe it's just a wife of a marriage that didn't work out true. But now it kind of I feel like the I feel like the reason of that introduction maybe to explain his trauma like this guy really is traumatized if he did go ahead and commit suicide actually Beth kind of says that she's like she's like, oh, um the wife trap trauma death with the wife and now fell in love again and this woman leaves. Him alluding to Colette, right? So maybe he's absolutely crazy over here. But we also have a party again because I can really can't have an episode without a party. I feel like that's all that every week and I'm like here for like I'm not even mad again. It's time for the party the week. Yeah, but they go to looking a Barren Warehouse. I was one does in the midwest, you know, it's kind of what you do. It's who drink and mourn and yes. As you mentioned earlier Kurtz shows up and Beth. It's obviously pretty kind of traumatized by this you like smashes the bottle on the ground, which I definitely think there's something you know going on with her. I don't think she's you know forgotten about that incident. Obviously, I think that's no really haunting her. I don't know if you guys agree. Yeah, I agree totally. Yeah, so there's that and then we also have a d kind of you know, getting traumatized as well. Like she kind of is seeing will face everywhere. She's seeing the body obviously that she saw and we have this This moment between bethann daddy where they're kind of slow dancing both pretty drunk. But ADI actually surprisingly gets, you know, and guess more drunk than bad. They're like can't really handle herself, which is I was switching of the roles and the last time something like this happened and Beth decides to take her home to her house and kind of take care of her and she's like you don't have to protect Collette anymore. What did you guys think of that? I mean, I think I think personally the worst thing that one can do it is Go get belligerently drunk if you're mourning and grieving and you have that many like you have a secret. Yeah, if you keep quiet exactly. So I think like just that entire scene was I don't know, you know, like I don't think that was the best way to handle it. But especially for a DA I think that's why she got more wasted because she is the one with the secret. So she's trying to take it back. I do think a bath still has her motive will let me try this and see if she'll say more you know, and She's emotionally connecting to her all that stuff. But you know alcohol you if you got things to say it might just spill out if you're drunk enough to say it nicely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I think you're right. I think I think it was a really sweet moment like that taken care of her was like, ah, but then she says, you know, like I'm always watching don't ever forget that like you just ruined it like this was so sweet for a second there. And yeah, so at ease secret number one comes out and this scene Because Beth is like yeah, we'll put a gun to his head. You know, I think it might actually be because of coal at whatever and I was like actually it was his mouth. That's like come again. He's like, yeah, she's like, yeah, it was his mouth yikes. What did you what were you guys really Addy really like shut up just like shut up. Just go to bed. Go here to Black. I thought we were good because she was like what? My gosh that's go to bed right now. It's a great she's gonna be sleep and then she didn't say anything for a few seconds and she's like Anjali. It was his mouth. I was like stop it in the clear, you know, and we have Jarvis Carter in our chat that totally agrees with us. He's like a d got drunk and started singing like a canary alcohol like I mean as adults can't even handle our own emotions. So let alone being like 16 with like a murder secret on Hands, like it's a disaster waiting to happen my gosh, but I did kind of appreciate how Beth is like checking the facts check in the sources because the next morning she's like making a coffee and she's sick. So just like on a curiosity like have these details been released in the press and her only know so smart. She is smart for her own good he is in this episode. I also really loved the moment where I was like, so you just like get used to it having a gun all the time like you We're right. That was like yeah. I just I thought I looked out their interaction with so funny. I always think it's funny when those to talk because I found this like straight up a little bit scared of Bethenny. I think that's a scared about his mom a little bit. I would hope so because she's not scared of anybody else needs to be scared of somebody honestly, but we also get this moment after Maddie's mom leaves that this like, yeah, so I'm hope we had fun the night that you know, we'll die together. Like she's found out that basically that's what daddies told her. Mom. She was like now we both have an alibi. How am I interpreting that so I was like, what was she doing? That's what I say. What was she doing is she needs an alibi was yeah. Yeah. Ike's yikes yikes. Honestly Beth is starting to look a little suspicious to me you think so. I don't know just dropping the lines like that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm there. I'd like for me there. Are a few suspects now like Kurtz's assessment mat is now a suspect for me magic. Hi, I'm okay. Now he goes away. She calls him. Okay, we'll die. She calls him and she was like, you know, I miss you. I wish you were here and he was like, yeah, and she goes I love you. He goes me to me. They don't think he was cold and he wasn't he was so weird and the fact that he didn't drive home the second now. She's like upset. It's like a little bit of a flag. Like I feel like the old Matt would have just went home and then when he got home, he was like, yeah, we drank some more had some meetings drink some more 8, I was like, what are you talking? In about like what happened? Like that's how you describe your business trip, wherever you doing. Like it wasn't like. Oh, we had a great meeting decided. It was like very weird like explanation and then he was like, oh, yeah, you want to come see Daddy like talking to the baby and it was like it was we like the whole thing just felt like cold uncomfortable murder killers serial killer situation interesting. Yeah, totally totally get and if he is like responsible for this he has a motive he has a motive because his wife was cheating on him. Then like maybe this whole time he's been like calm cool and collected but knowing exactly what's been happening and then he like blew up. You know how they say. Sometimes the comments people are the one that are going to explode like maybe he's one of those and I agree all of a sudden he's gone for a couple of days like his it's either is the tension around their timing is very efficient. Yeah. So he's one of my suspects and Kurtz is also because of that fight and then how we see him reacting. Yes and bad for me. She still not a suspect like I agree with The Alibi thing, but I think she's just being a detective. Yeah, I think she's playing that would be crazy plot twist if it was like crazy. Look what what happened. Like, why would she kill why exactly? No, she's not she's a little bit out there. Who knows what she's doing? Honestly. Let's talk a little bit about the second secret that had he decides to tell everyone which is not really like she kind of hides it but Still looking a little suspect when she's asking her mom like oh, did you find out what happened like Sunday night, whatever her mom's like you mean Monday morning like when we you know, whatever and I said, oh, yeah. Yeah, that's what I met like, oh my gosh. I think she needs to just like going to bubble in the basement and just luck or something. I just usually let this pass over you. Yeah, she really does because she I don't think she's gonna make it. Yeah, I'm very worried but she does eventually get her mom to say say like share some of the gruesome details about how things are starting to look a little bit sketchier. His teeth aren't gone and gun from a gunshot wound because someone shoved a gun in his mouth, which basically essentially we are looking at murder probably and not a suicide. Thanks. Um, let's talk a little bit about Colette in this episode didn't see her a lot. But when we did she was like acting really cold added comes to her a couple of times like because she's worried and like Hopefully so about how everyone's kind of talking about this how she thinks that Beth knows and clutch is kind of blows her off. Are you like what would you like? Would you be the same in this situation or do you think that co-ed needs to probably comfort and help add a little bit more? I don't think Colette's in the space to my cheek can't even help herself. Let alone be there for a d and throughout all the episodes. We see her go back and forth. Like she's she's had her like a string all the episodes. Sometimes she's close other times. She's like get it together, right and other times. It's like you're my BFF. You're the only one I confide in. So right know and who knows what Colette nose and I actually want to Circle back to somebody in our chat Logan Stark says he says AfterBuzz TV, it would be ironic if Matt was having an affair too. Oh, that's Mom. That's mom back in the minute. She even if you will is sleeping with best mom. That is about the motive Am I Wrong well, that's the crazy part like that is actually a circle here. I mean, there's a lot of possibilities throwing up in the air right now. I'm excited for want to get caught because this is a lot of juggling but it smells weird and she was acting weird. So maybe he knows he's been unfaithful and he knows she's been a faithful. Oil that aha moment. I love that. Thank you for that. Thank you for that. They always great keep throwing these thought it was interesting. I just want to mention that ADI is like yo, the recruiters probably knew about you and will and kolesnik adamant that that's not the case. I don't know if I believe Colette, I think that that's very possible that one of them knew about those two because I know that Willis private whatever but like you don't know you're telling a d all of this stuff. I feel like guys like to talk just as much as girls. I don't know more gonna say yes. So I feel like he might have made it let it slip a few times or two exactly. So I don't know. I think that that's also gives us some more ammunition towards like Kurtz or maybe someone on the other recruiter people and then finally last thing I want to talk about is that last image that was such a good image because they have the memorial like above the recruiting table and one of the posted says coach French must be sad. Wow. That was bad. But like I don't know I guess that I guess it could be someone else but I'm also guessing it's Beth could she said yeah, someone's gonna know sooner or later. Probably probably sooner probably bright yellow Post-it. She's like right in the middle. Wow, and that was the episode you guys but don't go anywhere because we have some more amazing stuff to talk about m&a you have some trivia for us fun. Trivia. Oh, Oh my gosh, thank you for bringing that. Yes, we have some trivia. Okay, so I'm going to you know, we're gonna do today. We're actually going to go I'm going to give trivia about some of the characters that are in the show great because there are some people where I'm like wait I've seen you before and I don't remember where I saw you but I liked you but I don't remember where I saw yes. Oh, so this first one how many shows are films has Horizon. Golda Dodd Guardiola - Guardiola, sorry bitten in a four to six or ten. So I'm not counting dare me. I want to say I just want to say for I think she's pretty new to use the newcomer. She was in order to for ding ding. Yay. Okay, that's great though. She's great. She's a great actress. I'm sure we'll be seeing more of her. I'm sure I'm so excited for any other project. Thanks get down. I think. Netflix is that was the name of the show. Oh, that's actually a good shot. Yeah. I think that she was in that I'm gonna have to go back and watch it. Yeah, there's like be like, I know you don't you love watching stuff in your like wait a second. I know I know right and you didn't know them when you were first watching it. Okay. Let's see what shows has robbed helps. The one that plays Matt been a part of or so you can do there's two out of the four. Okay, so he's been in two out of the four options. I'm going to give and postures which was Bravo good girls. This is us or the Real Housewives of New York. I want to say imposters in this is us imposters because I think he can be a good imposter. Give me another one of the options again imposters good girls. This is us or the Real Housewives of New York. Maybe the Real Housewives of New York City you guys both got one out of the the to it's okay. That's so it's still good. Wow. Nope. Apparently it's still wrong, but he wasn't popping postures and he wasn't good girl. See I have it. I have not seen you guys, please. I would encourage to watch it was so good. He's okay. He's a great actor. I wonder I was like I know this man. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Yes, of course and Ashman how some news for us you guys I do have some news and it's the news that probably everybody wants to know about is is this show going to be renewed for a season 2? Too and I'm very closely watching this news. So I don't have a definitive answer yet. But the ratings are looking good good and there is probably a high possibility that it will be but I will follow up next week and see if there's anything new that I can find. So that's kind of the big question and the big news that I'm looking for. But I also wanted to open up this to everyone in our chat and our wonderful fans that since next week is our last Episode in our season finale if there's any questions that you guys want to address to us, please join our chat make comments. Let us know if there's any news you want to know about like I'm happy to research and bring those answers to you next week. So it's all it's all open and let us know in your comments. Awesome. Thank you. Yes guys definitely get that fan participation. I love reading the comments amazing. Okay guys, let's cap this off. Let's do some quick predictions because we don't actions m&a start us out. What do you think's going to happen there? So many questions. I don't know where I want to go with my thoughts right now. Okay, because my thoughts are all over the place, but I'm really into Logan's theory of like this affair. So I want to dig more into Matt. I feel like Matt either did it or he's having an affair. I'm going to take Logan's prediction. I love that. That's a great there. And that's a great Theory. It's a great production. Yeah. I think the plot is just going to thicken in the next week's episode. We're going to get more information. More thrill more evidence, but I do think that a Dee's mom is going to pick up that ADI may have some level of involvement. She's going to find that bag of shoes you guys. Yeah, that's another predict. She's going to know that her daughter is somehow involved and I think that's going to make her even more personally invested in this case. Yeah. I totally you took mine because I was gonna say something about that because I was like if we have her investigating like there's no way this is gonna like stay to separate for a long. I definitely think you're right. She's going to get closer to everything. I also venture to say that they're going to leave us on a big Cliffhanger next week to renew this because I really think they're gonna like blow something up something huge is gonna happen and they're gonna just leave us wanting so much more, so I'm going to be stressed next week. Yeah. I know that I need like a year and a half until the show comes to us, but guys, thank you. So much for discussing this episode. This is spin so so much fun opening where can everyone find you on social media, and yes, you can find me on Instagram and on Twitter and Ebony Chapman 12, and you can find me on Instagram at insights by Ish and you guys can find me on Twitter Elphaba underscore and and on Instagram at to underscore Gates underscore and we will see you next week for the finale by our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just Is the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz TV.com check out our lineup Buzz. See you later. You've expressed herein are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners our principal.