Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about. Out, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me who started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hi Butch bertolini here. And this is the business Mentor. This is an exciting interview. I had with the key people behind the Family Mart Family Mart is a chain worldwide chain and mr. Nazario who represents a Japanese Family Mart share that they have about 16,000. In Japan alone family might and it's a growing business and the interview. Also. I also add in the chance to interview the president. Mr. Bernie Suisse who is the president of familymart Philippines and the marketing manager. Mr. Angelo. Mr. Scott who is also the corporate Communications manager, and of course the Family Mart franchising head. Mr. Ruppert revilla. It's an exciting one because you realize you know, when you get a franchisee, you have to know who the people are what's their vision and what they intend to how how they intend to bring the brand it's a growing brand is a strong with a strong Japanese Heritage and you know when you say strong Japanese Heritage you talk about quality you talk about cleanliness you talk about innovation. Ian and so and so forth again, let me let you listen to my interview. It's it's a very interesting one. And by the way before we proceed go and check out their franchise their family FB page actually, it's Family Mart Family Mart Philippines go and check it out. They'll soon be coming out and rolling out with their Discovery day as we call it. And they call it a draw with fam this talk. Okay, let you let's listen to that. You are from Japan, right? Yes. I'm from Japan. And you represent Family Mart. Tell us the Melissa brief a brief history about Family Mart. I understand this is worldwide chain. I mean how many how many branches are there now? If I marry morning we have like 16 thousand stores in Japan and around like a dozen stores abroad. Okay, and what do you now see? We know in the Philippines Are We Now is sort of now entering into that convenience segment. Just like Japan Japan has 16,000. You said just for family more but if you include like 7-Eleven mini stop products sixty thousand stores. Wow, that's a that's a lot. Yeah. There's too much maybe in jello being a millennial, you know yellow and yellow here is a millennial in our group. And how do you know see yourself? What's really the impact of convenience store to you as a millennial? How do you get as a millennial? I am I think I represent the market of Family Mart specifically, so I want course new food always on the go there we Millennials are very into. Should I say this very in we want the we want the first things we want parents to nothing lacking Boggle or you know, you want to try and test what are the Innovations out there whether it is it food new offerings with tsunami try again. Right? Right, and I know this Rupert The flagship store here in in BGC tell us more about this flagship store of familymart. Actually. We're very proud of our flagship store and like the usual convenience store. We do have some innovation in the in the flagship store, which is the presence of meeting rooms co-working areas and also facilities and products that can be found. Not not. Really found in a normal convenience store and how about Scott? You're also another Millennial. What do you is really the Family Mart now, how convenient is Family Mart for you? Well by Nature family might really targets those working or living in highly urbanized areas. So it appears very much too young professionals though or those who are just starting to Work and always in a hurry so family might offers Great Value and convenience to these individuals in cities and also while at the same time giving a litter or bringing a little bit of Japan to do the Philippines. That's nice what you're saying that a little bit of Japan. Yes, the pain consistency the sustainability of what a job job. Japanese business is all about yes. Tell me Bernie about being you know, the Japanese what we see it in the Japanese that Family Mart is trying to achieve. Well, of course globally when you say Japan you top of quality consistent quality, of course, there are also outstanding in customer service, okay. Innovation and that's what we're trying to do adopt here. Well, we get all the support from our mother accompanied franchisor in terms of conceptualizing and executing. Strategies that are consistent with his qualities of Japan but I notice also the growth of Family Mart in the Philippines. You have your you have to have taken over the management of familymart over the last what do years here two years and how many stores are this Family Mart right now have we have just recently opened two stores this month? So we have 78 for it apparently hmm. Okay, and you have now up they have no plans of growing we have a very aggressive growth plan in terms of opening new stores. And so this year we plan to open at least 30 Stars. Oh, that's nice. So with the growth is really That rapid. Where are you / forced to grow actually, so where are your locations that you like to grow up? We concentrate on Central Business districts particular as Scott mentioned office workers young professionals. Well, of course the ppos in particular co-workers. Okay and Rupert you might want to interview might want to invite our listeners, you know, our listeners are all you know from all over we have a lot of from the Philippines ofws as well as entrepreneurs who are looking for a franchise. Where can they get hold? How can they For a franchise of Family Mart. Is there any email address that you can give us a city? We have an aggressive plan for the franchising of Family Mart. We will launch the campaign but for inquiries you can email at franchising at Family Mart that come that pH and we have a growing we have a tag we have a tagline. What's our tagline Angelo? We got you fam. Oh, we got you fam. Okay, and the be stock is going to be what what's that? What's the name of the piece talk for the business talk? It's called grow with the fam. So we grow with the farm. And would you like to invite them for our peace talk grow with the fam be stock in the next few weeks. I mean, how how can they apply now? Can they get in touch with you by sending an email? So that You can go and see you and meet you here in the flagship store. So just follow our Facebook page Family Mart pH. Will announce on when are we launching our grow with the fam biztalk? So we'll post the updates. So again, all the updates are will be listed there. So please attend because we want you to be part. Part of the growth of Family Mart and see the opportunities behind this business. All right, so last words Bernie, how would you want to give your final message to our listeners? Mr. Bernie Suisse? So we're looking forward to meeting you soon in our be stocks. And of course to serve you in one of the stores. So check out our stories check out our new offerings. Alright and experience our customer service the strong Japanese Heritage. All right, thank you. Okay. Thank you very much guys. And again, it's a pleasure to hear inspiring words and updates about Family Mart. And again, if you need to get in touch with them again visit their family Facebook page family. Mart know that at Family Mart right right. That's so you can be updated. We will be having a lot of grow in the fan base talk. I'll also be there to explain to you how franchising works, you know, I always choose the clients. I'd like to help out and Family Mart is a choice that we have made together with my wife and again nor your it's a pleasure. Can you say in something in Japan to say? Something to Japanese Arigato gozaimasu that okay, and now you just answered that Bernie. Okay guys. Thank you very much and again butcherbird to let me hear the business Mentor. See you. Bye.