Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's thatI'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go with Earl. Gray, what about you? I'll go with espresso. Yeah, that sounds about good. All right. Well these gentlemen welcome to the very first episode of just the tea podcast. Yeah and with your host Riley espresso Parris. Oh and Jack your whole gray Baldwin. Yeah. And today we're just gonna be talking about how we how this thing got started off right jack don't go or you want to start off. I mean I can go ahead and just start about it. So this actually started as a random idea that our color theory professor at Professor Horner. Yeah, that would be cool for us to try. Yep, and look where we are now and now we're still in the classroom. Yeah, it is currently 747 right after class and he left. Yeah. He didn't want to hear us talk anymore. We kind of like our like in his class A lot. But in other words, I think this is gonna be really fun. I don't think this will take us to very long. No, I think it was like quick. Yeah, it's quick and easy, but I think we might go on rambling spree. So yeah, I'm fine with that. Yeah, I'm always good with that. But I feel really comfortable because like I haven't been Video podcast in a while since my senior year of high school. So I mean this feels feels right be back in a chair like this throw is good. I'm always good for speaking speaking. What's on my mind. I'm trying to get one started off last quarter, but my roommates not wanna join join me or help. So make sense here. I am now well help you. Thanks, man. That's all I am like just the last past color theory. Yeah true. Well anyways, this is called the just the T podcast. We do spill the tea sometimes most times. We just like to talk about what has happened. And in our lives before what's going on currently and stuff, but really I think we should get it to your handiwork are nice logos in our nice profile. Are you made us? Yeah. So what I did for a profile art, it was probably really cool experience. I look forward to making more designs. If anyone in one of our viewers is actually interested in more than happy to talk to us on our Instagram or send us a quick email at just the tea podcast at gmail.com. But again, they are I was very inspired by the geometric test solution. Find in some Modern Art works and I just want to make a you know personal icon for people and so I thought it'd be a good place to do that. Yeah that it was really quiet and Sterling during my might just became my Instagram profile. Yes. I use mine too. It's like really cool. I really dig it you may want for Horner to I did because I didn't I didn't know if you wanted one. So I was like no I'm going to make it kind of look like him because I was doing it. I was like, I don't how am I gonna get a picture of this guy? So I went on to my scad profile and just downloaded his picture. And I just created his his icon from that and I was like, you know this that straight face thing he's got on there and it's like it's like, okay. Well, I don't know if I should I should do that but then like kind of freaked me out that I downloaded a picture of this man on my laptop, please do not search my laptop. Yeah. We don't let you search in that guy's. Yeah. Yeah. I was very inspired by what you guys are just talked about you guys have those cold conversations about the card. Oh, yeah. Yeah big fan that yeah Earl. 30 from a card came my favorite tea for sure, but I really want to get into this nice logo because that's what the project was really about. Yeah. So what we had to do was the tetrad color scheme. Yes, and they sat down for a couple minutes start to think about what colors we want to incorporate into it. I wanted to palette on website very helpful. Yeah, and you know, you're thinking about what's a really cool way to that to say that we are students that are expressive in a way. I think our logo really captures that that I like the Paisley background that has along with it. Oh, yeah. Yeah because you say to you made like a geometrical and you made like The Paisley 1/2 and I put both by sending a friend's trying to get him pick out. They was all split down the middle. I like them both. Yeah, it's really nice. I also like the banner you made the banner you made was really cool. Yeah. I am I actually spent a good two days on the entire thing trying to make sure I got all all the details there. I really enjoy most of the work I've been doing for the podcast. It's really cool way to Do you know enhance my abilities and Photoshop as well as being able to talk? Yeah, it was it's very fun. I really enjoyed it was pretty cool project. I think I'm glad we started doing this to because obviously mr. Horner probably. Oh, I'm said Mr. Foreigner. I'm gonna get him. Yeah. You are that my God my bad. If you're listening Professor, my bad. It should be either Scott corner or Professor Horner not ever. Mr. Horner, whatever tell him that call him that he will get really mad. It's okay. We all make mistakes. Well, it happens. First time for everything. Yeah. Well, he's I'm already his favorite student alive anyway, so that's true. We always stay after class and she had it up a bit. Yeah. Can't wait to come to my room to actually Harvest listen to this is gonna be like these kids man. Yeah, and then I'm gonna be sitting kind of like in the middle of class and then waiting for this moment to happen and he's just going to look over at us like the same way. He does like and we're just going to do the hands Emoji like the hands up. I'm sorry. Sorry, man. We tried our best first mistake. Big butts. Okay, let's keep the ball running. So Jack, so let's play like this guy. Let's assume that this podcast has a lot of views. Okay and wants a lot of people want right now right mood. Who would you want for a guess? Well, personally. I've already made the announcement on our Instagram that is at just the tea podcast. By the way for any of you guys that haven't followed it yet. And but I've already made the announcement that our first guest is gonna be Professor Scott Horner. Her yeah, why is that? Well just for the sheer fact that he you know came up to us. He's like, why don't you do a podcast the project when I was like why not? And so we partnered up he's been pretty supportive about through also, I think it'd be fair to have him on his the first guest and really let him give his side of our story. Definitely. I cannot wait to have that conversation. Yep, seven sit there and just be like you guys bleep. Yeah. The rest of the podcast happened don't sell the rest but and I've also been talking to a senior now. He's alright. He's um, he's think he's about to he's a major major here scan. He's thinking about maybe coming on and talking about his film. He's making he's a Innovation major. So he's making a phone call. I think monkey feet you can actually find it on Instagram. He's not going to release it for a full year. However after it goes hits tour through film festivals and stuff, but I have talking about he said he was pretty excited to come on one day. So I was thinking maybe maybe after spring break when we come back if we're still keen on doing this. Why don't we bring them on and have him talk about his it's here. It's guy because he's senior. He's about to graduate. Well, definitely. I'm myself. I am an animation major so I actually found that's really cool that there and then you should you should probably talk to him. I mean we should bring him on. I've been really cool. I think it'd be a really cool insight for me personally so I can you know, get my head where I want it to be so I'm not really worried about you know, Junior so yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm a film major. So just get to talk to him about his production team and stuff would be pretty cool. Oh definitely. Yeah, even if it was animation, I'd still like to get to know about that stuff because I just produced the short. My film another class rewind yes coming out soon. Yeah, how about go that was pretty fun. Actually. The actors are really nice people. We got pretty lucky with the awesome crew and cast I got to be the producer and the digital photography for that one. So I also run a camera during that move is really nice. I Jackson barthélemy was my director and our film 100 class. Shout out to them. Yeah. He was a really cool dude work with he actually has Horner before we have it. Oh cool. That's so like every time I walk in here like a Jackson I you and he's like have fun. I'm like, all right. We'll do we should have Mom Here to maybe one day we have like a lot of people like that around here, but getting onto that people if you follow that Instagram, you automatically get put in to be a guest on the show. Definitely. I'll be really interested to see who actually awesome on that. I know so after you follow us, we're actually thinking about drawing three to five names from that follow group. We're going to wait a while probably have to the next episode. We'll start talking about that more definitely but I really think like that would get people involved and it also give us an experience to talk with other Majors just like We are art students. We obviously chose to go scad. So finding out the reason why some people came to scat and maybe why some of them like shows that major be pretty cool and to have like a nice diversity on here. Yeah just creates a better understanding of what people are like here know what they hope to achieve actually, you know, someone what their plans are after scan exactly like my plans after scatters just to go film the new Titanic because I am so mad like my entire High School career was plagued by that movie because my name was Jack, it's like a knife. I swear to you there was enough room on that door for everybody to pay like yeah, both of them my high school career would have been saved if it wasn't for that movie. I think I think it's funny. It was like roles reversed. I think it really funny. Yeah, like half of jack up there. Like I'll never let go and Roses like just don't let go and Jax likes I can give you that happy. She you going down. Oh my God. Oh my love her but I mean dang man. That was something that was like rough time and then you have to hit the road. Axon, which is added so much more than that. I never had that. All I had was the O'Reilly Auto Parts. So I was like, that's how he's doing in my like fifth grade class. And also my friends would like whisper over a year while you're taking the test was like I was like, okay cool really good. They got some of the answer right and they re like, I'm like this. I just I just want to get through English. I just want to go home. That's how I feel like every day like, I just want to get through this last like my math class. In the mornings and Tuesdays and Thursdays, he's a great Professor. He's really cool. Dude. He's a big Star Wars fan. We talk sometimes it's great today. We had an hour break almost why is that? Well, he gave us a like assignment that was really easy to do. It's like I was done with like in 10 minutes and like the class of just started. He basically said we're going after on break after the assignment because I was like, so what am I supposed to do for a solid hour? I just sat there on my phone posting stuff on our Instagram kind of checking out. Yeah, and then I actually was talking with my friends back home and he's like, why don't you get on Xbox you nerd and I was like, You don't want to start that right now man. I'm sitting at math really bored and you're going to say that dude, but quick sidenote Xbox PS4 and Xbox man. I have both but I'm an Xbox man. Who I'm PS4 guy. Now we can get along. Yeah. I'm sure it's fine. I have Bo so I can do either way or Yeah lizard like I grew up playing the Xbox and then my cousins are like Yoshi PlayStation. I'm like, yeah, but like Xbox is better in a way you have filled up and feel free. Feel free to hit us up on our Instagram on which one do you think is better Xbox One PS4 and let us know has will solve that issue here. What's all this issue real quick? Yeah, just like I like having the games. I actually got into animation because I want to be a game designer. Yeah, so I was looking at all this concept. I was like, wow, I really do that because I'm always really a stowaway into video games. But that's your favorite video game. Currently. I have this a destiny to okay. Hopefully that only goes to the arch RPG elements in open world environment challenge all game designers out there. If you want to come on the show and talk about your favorite games or if you want to like yeah just hit that follow button will put you in the entry. Yeah, that's fair or just come talk to us. We're not hard to find. Yeah. I'm usually in Turner all the time. So You can find me. I'm not too hard. I'm in Bumble fourth floor. Come check it out. Come check me out this out. Yeah, I'm the guy at the beginning of the year who posted their Snapchat snapcode into their window cuz I live around the corner. So that's clever. Yeah. It's really clever. I was a good way to Russia after the pie has this is there or Instagram handle it? Oh my God, that is so funny. It was so cool. I'll do that. I'll do that on the next episode right before the exam. So they know it's like a the Batman signal bat signal just look for it guys. And well anyways, Riley why? Talk about where you're from. Oh, I'm from New Hampshire. Okay, roughly the southern part of New Hampshire almost in Massachusetts grown up there 18 years move it around a couple times there, but I'm here now what made you want to come here? Um, I live in the obvious reason for Innovation. But yeah, I had wanted to be a lot of things growing up starting off. I wanted to be like a civil engineer and then a like a chemist and of all. And I know that and then I had one class or a specific architecture teacher in they told me like well, you're like really good like mechanical drawings. You be looking very good artist and a very good architect. I was like, well, I think I might want to go into that. And then I had a lot of other art teachers that I've had and they're like you're in like Photoshop and lingering your drawing is really really nice. I think you'd be your like a really good like designer or graphic designer for that and I was bracing myself like well if I could like have them Canonical drawings and have a stole a good had people like it. Then I might go into graphic design or am I just going to architecture and then like even growing up I wanted to be I wanted to watch all these Disney movies because when you grow up, you're like man, I love Monster saying that was like my favorite movie growing up and I was like, well I want to do that and not for the reason of me wanted to do it specifically it's not because I want to see people smile. I want to do things that you know have a reason it happened. Both laugh and smile and be happy just a fair warning for anyone out there that's thinking of taking Professor Corner as any sort of teacher. Do not mention Disney. Yeah, because big No-No that's a No-No. He'll he'll rant you get the nice lecture that we've all got. Yeah, and it's it's just too long. It's and don't mention Apple products either. Yeah, and but if you have mentioned Star Trek, that's good. That's good. That's fine. That's good for killed. You still just talking to our Cloud cam. Cakes are good, too. If you ever want to get like on his good side talk about Comics are for you know, just just a works. Yeah, definitely. He's a very cool guy very creative Professor would definitely recommend him. He's the nicest. Yeah, it's really cool. And but I like your idea about coming here and you want to make people smile. That's pretty neat. Yeah. I like I've always been growing up or growing up to be. Well, you're going to treat people the way you want to be treated because that's how people should be respected in life. And so I basically have that mindset wherever I go even when even when I have to display some Work do presentations and you know talk to my professors about it. I always want to have a sense of connectivity in my heart whenever I have to display or talk about it all because it's one thing that no one can explain the same time. Everyone can explain it's like life brings us together for certain reasons that we don't quite understand at that moment, but it's for any reason. Yeah, that's that's definitely true. I think life brought us together in this one. Yeah, so we can do this there were just too loud guys. Yeah. We're just we were literally going to call this at first the two loud cat. - yeah the too loud guys podcast and we're just going to be annoying as hell more annoying than we are now. I mean, I don't know how much more annoying we can get but we could definitely get more. I know we could we could talk to to our professor in the future. We just like have Monitor and just like interrupting me every 5 Seconds. Yeah, I could be like this and then while that happens I could just be pointing back at the screen or something are putting out the his computer. Well staring them down. I give that to we're not going to do that because we respect him. Yeah, we're going to respect these he was nice. Have to give us this idea to kind of push it forward. So definitely definitely respect them. But oh, yeah, definitely. Yeah. Well, how about you jack? What about you groans? Well, I'm from a very small Beach town in, South Carolina. I'm from North Myrtle Beach. I went to North Myrtle Beach High School. It was quite interesting because going into my senior year. I had no idea. I was going to choose an art school as my real college. Okay. I went into my junior year for my senior year obviously went in there. I was a photographer at my high school. I was getting into that. I just stopped playing sports. I wanted to get more in photography. He's too cool to me. I had a good teacher to help me out. She actually left my senior year. So I decided to take up everything like I did all the sports. I was at every football game every soccer game baseball basketball all the works. I was that every single one and I was just trying to build up my portfolio my character and that's when I found scad my dad showed it to me. Yeah, so I asked my mom if I could fly she pay for the application. So we pay for it. I got in I actually ended up deciding to change my major to film because I love movies. I And that kid that go to the movies with her friends and five minutes in the movie. I'm sitting there all along at the first shot and like just talking about in my friends to the point where they have to tell me to shut up and I can't imagine my car ride back. Oh God the car ride back so fun cause I'm usually the one driving and they're in the back trying to sleep and I'm just going on and on and on and on about the movie like they thought it'd be cool to drag me out to when the Avengers Infinity war came out. Oh, yeah, they dragged me out to like a 12 am showing after I just worked 12 hours. Okay, so on. On the way back home. I literally just talk their heads off about it and they couldn't do anything about it. Yeah, but I want to be a film major because I like movies. I'll I really want to get into it. So I think it's really cool aspect because it's an interesting that's always changing the definitely and like there's so many things that are getting redone now, like I really want to be a part of something like that not like the Disney Lion King episode just had that whole live-action thing, but I'm talking more like I'm a huge fan of like the older stuff so I would love to remake Attack even if Jack Still dies like okay. This is something I would like to do because most there could be a different story. You can tell that like, I don't know if any of you guys know this but they plan on releasing another Titanic to take the exact same route. So what if we just make like a 20/20 version of that and have it like hit another Iceberg but like it's probably going to be fine, but just do that. I have like a whole new storage unit. If you have enough money on our patreon won't be on that but we'll head on there all recorded. Yeah, we'll definitely like it on there like start that process but like I'm a Killer for that I was going to be a history major. So like okay, like I think that kind of different. Yeah, it was way off topic from what we were doing here. But I think like I would love to do like historical events. I don't talk about that much. So we've obviously all probably seen the 300 movies. Yeah, we've obviously all probably seen what's the like Wonder Woman how that new one came out. There's yeah everyone and stuff like I think Chris Pine wasn't it? Yeah. It was also a Star Trek Captain by the way, and the Kelvin timeline. Hmm and the new movies. I hope those are coming out soon. They said they're going to Three more so be on the lookout for any Star Trek fan brush kind of excited to see that I am because like, I'm really I was happy to the Kelvin timeline personally because I thought it was pretty neat was a whole new spin. They could take it anywhere. They wanted. Yeah, and I was so happy Benedict Cumberbatch side to play in one of those movies. I like Fanboy at all over that. I was so happy he decided to do it. Yeah, definitely and it's like I have the same feeling when it comes to like a peasant like DC or Marvel movies. Oh, yeah, and especially with like I'm going to make an exception because I don't like this movie but I was glad that it was produced. It's Aquaman. Yes. I know a bunch of people might fight me on that. But I I it's a it was a really cool movie. I was so excited to see it on because I knew all Commandos in it. However, I wasn't very, you know, happy with the storyline and to actually go back into your boy on the new Lion King episode of like a little moving egi disaster. Yeah as an animation major I did not Kid. Hey, let's just wait. It was too weird. It was really really weird. Like I'm sorry. I don't care who you are out there. You're gonna if you you can fight me on this anyone here. Yeah, anyone listening you can write me up in the comments section. I don't care and my personal opinion. I do not think anybody is going to show their kid the newer one. They're all going to go back and show them the 1999 version. Yeah, definitely cuz it's better because it is that it's better. It is better and that's what we grew up on and I understand the whole nostalgia. The feeling you had some famous people acting in this movie. But seriously, are you really going to show that over the original one where you actually get the feeling with Mufasa dies? Yeah, like get the feeling like in the real a live-action one. Like you don't see that feeling. Yeah, you you like you understand what's happening, but it's also like the same emotions are being perfect because you're like, oh, yeah the faucet and I'm a big person about CGI. Yeah, like anyone that saw the Star Wars Rogue one movie like they did an excellent. CGI on Princess Leia and also Grand Moff Tarkin. Yeah, they did a really good job. So I'm a huge fan of CGI. But to do it that way on Lion King was just not know was it in like some of the other live-action Disney movies? Like I was abusing the beasts like the live act like the CGI it was it was okay. It was right. It was just like with a face mapping especially it's also like such a difficult process to do but with the way it came out was like oh this is like a Wild creature and I was like, well, it seems like the only one that's coming with another one at the Aladdin. Yeah, I'm not going to touch upon that there's no see Aladdin. I made it. I didn't want to see that because like I'm not a huge fan of Disney re making all these new video my vaction. I've no the most hyped one up right now is Mulan. Yeah, I think but I'm upset about that because they didn't include include the red dragon. Yeah, whether or not it was it it's there's no singing either, right? There's no singing matter. So it's just like it's like a Disney rendition of like like a bass player and player just like this is like history. I'm like, oh, let me like this. He's a huge big Corporation and I know you're still riding off. So that's all that stuff. But some things don't need to be remissed. If I can't hear A Girl Worth Fighting For I'm not going to see I'm just not going to see ya you cannot get me into that theater to go see him to can see it. I'm not the Sonic movie coming out on Valentine's Day dude. I I went to go see it. I was like it was a really like it was an engaging story like nah, cause I really yeah because like I'm not sleepy yet, but I heard like it was actually really too good. Yeah acting I was actually at certain points. I was like cringing because they do include like some memes in there. So I was like sitting in the theater of my suitemates and I was like no a little bit there just a little it was a little bit uncomfortable because then they'd look at me. I was like, I don't know what you want me to do. I'm just I'm just trying to Take as much as you can. Yeah, I thought it was that I didn't get to see the trailers. I'm very happy. They redesign that character. Oh my God, I got so much backlash for that. First one was so like but ugly dude. There's so ugly like a human face on my hedgehog. What are you gonna do you gonna do what kid wants to see that? All I gotta say is that was I can definitely tell it was one of Jim Carrey's best performances. Yeah. Definitely. I heard like Jim Carrey is a really good actor. Yeah, and for all this I'm surprised he hasn't like Turned mentally insane yet with all the crazy characters. He's done. I think he's pretty he's a little crazy. I mean he probably is. Yeah, it's really cool. But he played an awesome Doctor Robotnik really really brings like most of his characters to life. Yeah. I mean I they do really good job, and I'd have to say like if I had to choose a Disney movie like that I would like to see remade and just remade like I'm not talking like live-action just to see it was like Technology, and I would I kind of want to see what like the original Finding Nemo look like. That's like my favorite child. Yeah, like just to see it like like with all the current technology and but like don't change it too much to see you guys kind of like just a redo it. Yes, it would go like I would like to see that but not necessarily CGI, but more 3D animation. Where do you like 3D animation? Yeah, it looks because like, I love finding him as a kid, like my mom could tell you liked give her talk to her. She would be like telling how many times I watched you today. Yeah, definitely. My mom talks about that all the time like it was like it was like It's like a family staple now. I like I would like to keep it that way, but I want to see what it looked like with current stuff. Yeah, what was it was either I was watching Finding Nemo or Blue's Clues and my mom would be like, oh this is the thinking chair used to have like Mom. I'm 18. Yeah. I don't need to know about the thinking chair. I still I still know it's red. Yeah, but um, do you want to the point of like 3D animation 3D animated films? I love the way like animations been evolving that's good. It's gets better and better. Time and it may be Lookin Like discuss this with me if I just got some like comment section. I personally think animation has been getting better. I can give you like examples like from Tinker toy and while the first original shorts all the way until was latest one is Toy Story 4 or frozen to thank you frozen tomb. I hadn't seen any Frozen movies off. I've seen the first one and I was like, oh after what happened with the first one, I you go see the first eyes refuse now, yeah, it's can't I think I think it's Really good that we don't see it. Yeah, I think it's pretty good that I don't dress he hit. Yeah, it wasn't I know like even like doing certain majors like oh you don't watch that like it's good for animation. Alright, so your math teacher said that like like ass like hey Jack Griffo major. How come you didn't go see Choice before? I just didn't feel the need to honestly cuz like I saw the first one that ever came out that was good. I saw the second one is okay to me. Third one just kind. That was not my favorite. So I didn't really see a point to go see the fourth one. Especially after saw the trailers and be talking about four key. Yeah, I get the fact that your plan on a child's imagination. Obviously as kids. We probably all made for key. Yeah. It's very or it looked like a sport to me. But yeah Scrappy who knows sporty working this pork but I just don't see a point to go see it because I'm just not a huge fan of all the stuffing we done obviously. Yeah. But there's some things that I like to see Verdun is some things. I don't and Toy Story 4 is not technically redone. It's just an over plates or to me. Yeah, and I can see I can see why you say that it's just been around for so long and they've been doing so many Renditions of it and so many versions of it. I should say that it does get old after a while. I mean, I enjoyed I enjoyed like the first three I like I cried at the end of The Story 3. I was like man, it's me the end of the series that's it, and he goes to college like first We're hearing the drives away and like I was like, okay good for done and they brought back and I was super psyched. But when I went to go see it, I was like it doesn't have the same feeling. It's it lost a lot of the You know interactivity with the audience where you felt like you're connected to each character, but certain points it felt like oh it's like what the did before in a way so it kind of like took that away from these Maya. Yeah. It's I feel that I mean, it's just it's one of those things where you probably could have ended it at three and wouldn't have to redo anything. But now the fact that you brought out a fourth it now comes the reason like are you going to make a fifth one and try to right the ship or you just going to Stop. Yeah, like even like the think about like movies. I've been gone for so long. Like I said earlier in this earlier in class today Shrek 5 Shrek 5 Shrek five dude after after Shrek for when it's all good. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope, we're gonna bring back the fifth one all original voice actors. Okay, that's great. What are they going to do? Exactly? What are they DreamWorks has already touched upon so much stuff in that like universe that Shrek universe. He's like was it put some boots and that that Netflix series I read off and became its own thing. Yeah, and even Shrek Shrek some surplus of movies even holiday specials. What left. What is there left to do like give me like answer that question. That's I think that's where scriptwriters come in because they're like they're sitting there. Like, how are we supposed to keep playing on the same world? And that's where like, I mean if you I don't really good script writer like someone who's really good. Yeah and can like try to find a way to get around all what you've already done which will be extremely difficult. You have to you have to get a good team together for sure. You can't but they can't postpone the same stuff real feel like oh this is like the first one. Yeah, exactly and you don't want that happening. Yeah, and but I mean really like it's possible like everything's possible. Yeah, but is it really necessary? Yeah. It's like after a while, you know. Kind of have to draw the line because it's like you made so much like Revenue with this but the same time you aren't really gaining anything from this. It's just like another movie you can put out you wasted so much time at that point. But what do you do? It's like it's just I don't I don't really know why they have to keep riding off the success of stuff. Yeah. I mean I get trick was a huge hit with everybody. So definitely like I like Shrek I'll make sure to like, it was really good the second movie the second move is pretty good. Yeah, I mean Laura fire. Man, who could forget mean man who can forget the main man the original Mini. I know do you let your mind be like Austin Powers ever see those? Yeah, dude. I watch the horse almost there's talk of them doing another one away. Dude. No straight will see that like, there's actual talking about they're doing another one in the original actors in The come back and I was just like I'm like, that's so cool. Like the only sad part is the mini me carry. I played me did pass away. Yeah, so like, I don't know how Really get him in there, like maybe the CGI coming to help with that. But yeah, probably like a cameo or something that point because I don't think CGI can do a lot of that like especially for like trying to imitate a person. Oh, yeah definitely takes a lot for sure. And I mean, I mean, I would love I can't wait for it to come out if it does like I'm really into like that kind of stuff. Like I said being a film Legend now, I can finally talk people. Yeah. It's also really did not seem like an a-hole. There's a okay You know, I mean, I mean like going to be with friends is one thing but like being able to go to film like stuff. Yeah get to talk with people who did behind it and stuff and kind of see where their ideas come from. Yeah, if that's what I like about it. Yeah, but like I'm super stoked that maybe it was a good thing but scat is that you can meet so many people that work in your field and you can still be developing ideas. Oh, yeah, and especially with was it the film festival. Oh, yeah. II know that this past semester, yeah that too much work to do the same but I heard it was super good. Like I had friends that go to - that was a moderator. Wow, really? Yeah. They got to like em, they were my FYE class. Okay, which by the way? Yeah. You didn't hear it from us. FYE is not okay. It's just boring. Like I don't I never like I didn't like it but I like meeting my students specify exactly. I like I like being able to meet my students at some other but in our in my opinion anyways, yeah, I think since I went Summer swarm I didn't I don't think I really had to do FYE. Yeah, I guess it wasn't fair to me that they made like my Tuesday's last semester were awful. I had an 8:00 a.m. In the morning. Then I had to be at Eppley at noon at the sky Museum and then I had my design class with Horner cuz I'm taking him again for this color theory. I had a I had him at 2 o'clock. So my Tuesday is were built up. I was tired every day and I still had work to do for the next day. What is it? I had it on Wednesdays. It was right after my eight o'clock. I woke up. I got like I woke up at 6 o'clock because I wouldn't be able to like wake up on. The time when's it class came back? And then I had to like glitter Sprint to was it to the museum. Yeah, and I would just be like out of breath and I'd be like what be there. I'm sorry. I'm just I'll be here. I just won't be here. Yeah. Yeah that get that. I was that I was like that a few times. I was I'm here but I'm not a liar. Yeah, I think having I think including the opportunity of like when you go to summer swarm, you should be able to opt out of FYE because they talk about almost all that. I was like stop literally everything from summer storm. Yes. Talk about About that class. Yes. It was not my favorite thing to do. Yeah, I think it was more just because like, I think the information is necessary. We think it is course, but I don't think it's necessary having a full class length about it. Like you have to attend classes about it. I mean, yeah, they want to make sure you get all the information but like if you went to summer storm they gave us some information. I think you should like have lesser amount of time doing that like maybe like a couple glasses not have to take it like that. But like I get the purpose of it though. Yeah, and I was Was it did your FYE instructor Professor do like we have 10 pictures in the submitted at the end of the 10 weeks. I had to like write articles about. Yeah, it's like a paragraph for each. Yeah, I didn't really like that. I literally like scramble them last week to go to like events. Yeah, I went to all y'all my ra events. So they said they counted so I guess I yeah I get like I like tried to go to our a events like the best I could but my discussions like super busy. I was like, well, I'm going to get back at like 8:30 or something like that and I won't be able to do anything. That's like that's that is like something else man, but I get the prints like one of those things where you get the purpose of it, but is it really necessary to have won that much time devoted to it? Yeah. I think it also I think it has cut it if they cut it down to like how to get in touch with your success your success advisor how to get in touch with the career advisor how to like set up appointments how to like email people how to use Blackboard like you just have like those few glasses then that would be okay. Yeah, I think that would be enough. I think it would just cover or at least on a star least we can do FYI at least do it on like a Friday. Yeah, I like like well not like like no like I'm like like once every two weeks. Yeah, I'll be fine with that. But like that was like I'm gonna be like an hour long. It would still be like an hour hour half class. But I mean that would probably be easier for students who like so you won't be like me and have like three classes in one day and then should be running by running back and forth back and forth. Yeah, definitely feel that. Yeah, what is it? They are at my Ras like to go on like the ra events anything that Ira so shout out to Julia and Alice Bumble fourth floor. Yep. I'm on a podcast ha ha. I'm here to know you through the internet. That's the best way to annoy people only way to know if people do you off that. I really think that our a life is really cool here by always a very very supportive and they're always there to talk about whatever is like happening. How are you? What are you expecting on my arm? Ray is a Caitlin at my ra for Turner. She's awesome. She's a she's actually a fashion major and she's actually when she was 14. She designed a dress on her own. So I and she's here and I'm like, wow, you're pretty cool. She's a very nice ra she does her by we could check and stuff. She always asks, what's up? I see her all the time walking around. I always wait either. She's a really nice person. So like if this one really really cool thing about scatters like your Ras are really nice and they're like really down to earth with you guys and they like they're going through like everything that you went through. It's really nice to have them. They're very helpful. Yeah, I think they are very good like resource that you have especially when you like we're having trouble like trying to know what to do always a good throw is good people to turn to yeah, like definitely for sure. But other than that, how what what is your okay, let's get serious right here, right and I don't like you being serious right now. Okay we have to do is take the pod cast iron. Okay in your in your dorm. Okay, you live in turn it. You have like two or three minutes two other roommates in this small room, okay. My only question would be this. Your two roommates which one which one annoys you the least qua. Like I can't lie. He that at the roommate coffee ever listens to this. I don't know if he will my room with two International students. Okay. So quads from Vietnam Danny is our other one. He's from China. He's not usually around much Danny but qual I had a class with last semester. So we got to go to class together back and forth back and forth actually two glasses with him. He's a really cool dude to get to talk to him ever at the gang doc Mason Squad. Okay guys everybody. It's to have dr. Mason for cultural context absolutely take it. She's so awesome. She wears scarves every day. She's a really nice lady. That's where I got most of my friends from last semester and we all still talk. Like I know Nick's probably gonna listen maybe ten Jacob Josie might listen Lauren Tory Luke all y'all hit me up. We might get you on here. Yeah, cool. Now it's come on bro is accepting new people to talk with an unrelated. Hi my sister in New York City. Hey Savannah, that's right. I went to a college. Has my sister's name in it, right? That's totally unrelated to my sister being named Savannah. I'll be like a weird like family like outings. Like I'm like some like, you know extended uncle's like oh, where'd you go to school? Oh Savannah, I'm like my sisters like hey, like no no Savannah like know the school where it's Savannah me know. Why is your schooling me? I don't know. I'm going to New York. This is so funny is like a sushi found out. I was coming here. She's like so you love me that much. Yeah. Named after him like that was not the reason but we're going to act like it was the reason so I don't get chewed out by you. I do love you Savannah. I really do. I know you're probably listening to this. I love us 32, but I do like the city is actually nice city. Yeah, like right outside. There's Broad and lots of cool shops are lots of tourists, by the way, if anyone's wondering we're currently in her stay at all. Yeah, just chilling out after class doing this. Yeah. It's currently 8:32. We're good our time. So yeah, we're hoping to get them open to get this released tonight. Hopefully hopefully maybe tomorrow might be okay. We can yeah, just in the way a little bit, you know, no one's now. Let's pay attention right now. Yeah work and no one even knows we're doing we're all set. I mean, I watched a couple people walk by where I'm not trying to make eye contact. We're getting some weird looks but it's fine. That's okay. We're good. We're definitely not gonna get ya. Nobody has yeah. Definitely. I mean, I'm yeah if you guys ever get a chance to take that Mason definitely do it for sure for sure and also, Horner yeah, I've got to take the corner man. Yeah, we gotta figure out a Shameless shamelessly plug Professor Horner if you get a chance to take them absolutely do it. He's probably the nicest one of the nicest features are professors I've ever had for sure. Yeah really makes the class like worth going to yeah. I mean I've had to like this too because of like food. Yeah, I think that's it from that that's safe for another time. I will save those save that for another episode. But um, what else I mean, I'm pretty happy right now. I'm glad we're doing this for sure. Sam's anybody want to shout out before we go. Let's do a quick list on the everyone to my hall. I'll do a Carter Alex and we had Dylan see he's not here anymore. But he had to go. He's cool guy did a lot of cool music production stuff Spencer Nicole Beverly Chris Reece Mick, Becca, Gabby. Sorry, May and flour Adam who used to be my roommate who down the hall we move down the hall you move down the hall and I have a bigger bed. Thanks, but now but now I'm alone in the room. Oh, no, Ethan Billy been there one like that. Grace Harper other does other Gabby Grace in the other room. Yeah. Grace is in the other room. I mean if I run a but if I run by she might want to join join, but we're not sure if you only have guests on the first episode. Yeah, that's true other thing. You might try. I'm not gone the door niagara's come over. Yeah as it. Yeah and then Jackson Jimmy narrating me as I run. Oh, yeah. This is a whole glass building by the way. Yeah, so please like if you ran out the door, I would just take him running across and I just waved to him like Hey go Express The Hope goes castles and not good graces. Like like, oh she was doing some intense modeling in there. I'm pretty sure yeah, definitely. I think I saw her story. Yeah. If you want to like once again, you want to follow us on Instagram. It's that just the D podcast will try to be fairly consistent about it. Yeah, I'm trying to post every day. At least we posted twice a day. Yeah, which is crazy. Whoa extreme and I went a little too far in the day, but I just feel so down maybe one post today and we will try one posted a for sure. What's today? Definitely? Oh, yeah, definitely and just remember guys. If you follow the Instagram you'll on your name on a really just entered into a drawing and obviously first three names we draw you guys will have first dibs on being a member or a guest for sure. Yes for sure member will see how think about think I got to think of a cool coffee tea related name for you though. Yeah. I don't know Cafe would be cool captive free Global. Well, like what else you want to shout out? I know but actually to go on. That last statement like well like for out for other people if you got like a lot of people, how are you gonna you know pick one? I mean my way is like I would just like go through the amount of followers have pick a number generator and just scroll down and see who's that number? Okay, that would be the easiest way to do it or you know, just put everyone's name and a hat. You know, that's to me a big head. I forgot what I follow it would be a big but I need like a 1-gallon like Tom. Yeah. It's gonna be like the long top hat and throw it all in there. Yes, we're gonna shoot. We're really gonna going like hell So deep in paper, I'm pretty sure we're gonna get the apricots. Like I've man that reminds me of last semester. Yeah Horner's class. I went to this class like every other day with Band-Aids Miami where I cut myself doing something stupid and you always just be like, what did you do this time? I'm like I was doing paper cutting and it just slipped out my hand. Yeah. I had like I had a very was it I forget I forget my professors name, but her whoo is in her skin last quarter or less that semester can say quarters. Oh my God, that's weird because like it weren't we were operating a try semester system Yap, three quarters instead of two like no one else. Yeah and people like sort of quarters its Mysteries like no, it's not some mysterious mystical. We were just like you have a summer quarter here too. So we just call it quarters. Yeah. Any perspectives gas units its quarters. Yeah, but with that being said when I was in design, I would get I would have was it paper cement. Oh God, and I'd have to put it on these like god-awful like Bristol pads. Oh, no, and I literally had to like pay attention to when she was talking about like dry like adhering. It's like paper. I'm like, okay, I got this i got this i got this I got back later because I had to paste this giant project on this black illustration board and I couldn't see where the paper was. So I would try to do I put down the paper cement and because it's like kind of clear II just forgot where I put it so I wanted to like make sure that was there so I stuck my hand on it. nothing basically had my hands like real station board for a good like 25 minutes before my roommates got back that was what I was busy sitting in my bed and by the time my like my roommate Adam Adam Adam shorts go check on Instagram he got back and I was like I'm just like I finally have the Eucharist rip it off but I walked it uses like you know you're just doing your design project yeah I'm working on it that my hand was just stuck to it but I'm working on yeah yeah you never knew that ice bucket do it so it was just like now it's a cool surprise crap my God that's cool I mean I my only problem with last semesters design class with Horner was all my glory man so he's gonna guess right roast them I'm not resting for stamps going to file a small complaint just a very small plate so last semester he made us do gray scales right Dave but they aren't your ordinary grey scales we had to draw them out shade him in a lot of stuff right then we had to cut them okay you have to have exactly 75 quarter inch pieces exactly if you don't have that much left ones. So and when we have to call all those out and then glue them to make a solid neutral Gray Bar. Oh my God. I like I can't tell you how many times I had to sit there and start over because I lost pieces I had to restart that thing three times. It's currently sitting in my dorm room waiting to be burned like That's how I feel about it. I have like a but I like this giant like black like tub previous work and I've never I haven't even looked at it since last quarter, but it's a bunch of old work that I got. I got fairly good grades on but I'm just waiting to like destroy make it by Irwin. Yeah. That's what that's how I feel better and I just can't wait to see the like like just burn up even though it's like you're supposed to give me the materials. You can recycle it. No, I don't want it. I just don't want it. That's that seems about right, but I guess you might want to save some stuff for next episode. Yeah, definitely. Well, I know I got to shout out a few people. Yeah we go for sure. Obviously the main gang of Josie Tory Luke Lauren Nick Ted Jacob my man koala out there doing stuff. Shout out my dad. He knows I'm doing this. Hey Dad, what's up? I actually decided to do it this time. I know I didn't fact out. It's crazy. Z my stepmom. Hey, what's up? Thanks for like listening cause I know you're definitely listening. You keep asking me about it. My sister Savannah, I wouldn't do sis. I'm working on getting some scat here sure enough. I'm not really trying trying to copy somewhere search my other sister Kenzie and Omar her husband my brother-in-law. Hi guys, if you're ever listen, what's up, my other side family like my mom. Hey mom, you shouldn't play this in class. Just bleep out the two words and play it to your math class because Math teacher. Okay. She doesn't understand my college math class here. So easy like I get to know what we're doing in there and she doesn't take this map. Okay, but you know shout out this people shout out my homies back home like John the heme that's right. His name is he? Okay. Like I call him Nan's of time. So it's like how was it? Hey man, I'm back in nam. What's up? He's like well, like you said that one time we thought it was actually Vietnam and you just in Florida and I was like, what the heck man. Wow. For you my man going to be eat on the podcast. I told you I'd do it. There. It is Yeet G and obviously my co-worker who's actually it's her birthday today. Well, happy birthday birthday co-worker Alana. That's right. If you actually listen to the end all on your names in it. Wow, happy birthday. You're 18. You're no longer a minor you had to you had to sit through all this to get that happy birthday. That's right. I'm gonna make sure you listen. You deserve a Nobel Peace Prize. Yeah. I know you should observe it, but Yeah it all my boys at and girls at Old Navy. I've been there for almost two and a half years coming up three years. So what's up with you guys be listen, that's great. If not, it's fine too. But just remember guys hit that follow button on the podcast hit the follow button on the Instagram app. Just the T podcast. You'll get some more information about us and future guest anything like that. Definitely follow. Yeah the following since they posted on everything new it's happening. I have really good plans for the future for 4 viewers. Cause I can't wait. So maybe I'll drop that news. Probably next episode maybe later. Maybe I solve it time to make them. Well here we are ladies and gentlemen, I'm Jackee Earl Grey. I'm Riley AKA espresso and we'll see you next time on just the teapot. Yes. Take care.