On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime.On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm joined by our guest host to reles limp co-host of the podcast killer Queens every week on killer queens torella and her sister Tori bring you a lighter take on a True Crime Story sprinkled with endearing and hilarious 90s references. Thanks for having me Vanessa. Hello. Everybody Darrell is here to discuss some of the historical aspects of today's. Lori while all cover the narrative I'm excited about the mystery of Kim Wendy Allen's unsolved murder. It's one of those cases that really makes you think that could totally happen to me. That's so true. And I'm thrilled to have you join me to look at this case due to the graphic nature of today's crimes listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Now, let's go to a health food store in Larkspur, California on March 4 1972 just before Kim Wendy. Allen ended her final shift. Kim shut the cash register and headed to the back room of Natural Foods. It had been a long shift the hours seem to drag even longer because Kim knew her day was far from over. She still had her night class at Santa Rosa Junior College only after that would she finally be able to sleep Kim open her locker and pulled out her long coat. She Shrugged it on then slung her orange knapsack over. Back it was Heavy with books Kim side. Has she eyed her other package a large straw bag with Chinese characters printed on the side then reluctantly. She hefted that into her arms to it was 5:00 p.m. Time to get moving as usual. She'd hitch a ride from Larkspur to Santa Rosa. She knew it wasn't the ideal mode of transportation. Her mother had warned her against it several times even In Kim's teacher at College had chimed in. A couple of weeks prior Kim had been on her way out of class when her teacher Elizabeth bar stopped her. She asked Kim how she planned to get back home when Kim explained her plans to hitchhike. The teacher was Disturbed Miss Barr told Kim that a former student of hers had been murdered while hitchhiking and when Kim hadn't seemed adequately worried Miss Barr informed her of yet another female hitchhiker who had managed to survive a night of his Hiking but not without getting grievously wounded in the process then to ensure Kim wouldn't hitchhike on that night. Miss bar asked one of the students in the class to fairy her home, but that was one night out of many. Tonight standing in front of the natural food store Kim knew none of her co-workers would be able to give her a lift to Santa Rosa hitchhiking was simply practical whatever the risks anyway, unlike her mother and Miss bar. Kim didn't see evil hiding behind every face. She believed that people were generally good and kind and she'd seen as much in all her prior hitchhiking experiences today. She thought would be like all the others. Kim waited on the side of the road. She readjusted the strap of her backpack massage her shoulder and hoped that one of the passing cars would stop soon. It didn't take long a car slowed pulling over beside her Kim approached it eagerly a friendly expression on her face. There were two men sitting in the front seat. They smiled and beckoned her inside relieved. She opened the door and climbed into the car. The car Kim Wendy Allen would never be seen again not alive anyway. Up next The Bleak end of Kim Wendy Allen's final ride now back to the story on March 4th 1970 to nineteen-year-old Kim Wendy Allen left her part-time job at a health food store in Larkspur, California at 5 p.m. Shortly after Kim hitched a ride with two men expecting them to drive her to a knight class in Santa Rosa instead. Kim was raped. Strangled to death a couple of hours later. My guest host. Torella is going to take over from here to discuss the details of Kim's murder and the investigation that followed. Thanks Vanessa on March 5th, 1972 less than 12 hours after Kim ended her shift at the health food store. Two teenage boys made a horrifying Discovery. They found Kim's body in a ditch 20 feet from Enterprise Road. She wasn't wearing a stitch of clothing not her long coat. Her backpack her straw bag. The only item her attacker have left. Her was one solitary gold earring on examining her body the police surmise that Kim had been raped and then tortured by slow asphyxiation until she died. At first police thought they had a solid lead eyewitnesses had seen Kim entering a car with two men and the police were able to track down the men in question. They subjected them to an intense interrogation. However, both men attested that they had dropped him off a couple miles down the road in San Rafael airtight Alibis in the fact that one of the men passed a polygraph test help to further absolve them of the crime investigators were back at square zero despite. Dedicating 10 detectives to the case weeks passed without a lead and then more naked bodies of young female hitchhikers began turning up in ditches. Kim may have been the first victim of the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murderer as the media dubbed the serial killer, but she wasn't the last the killer was active until 1974 for two long years after Kim's murder. They targeted young female victims between the ages of 12 and 24 like Kim these unsuspecting women were usually strangled raped and then unceremoniously dumped by the side of the road the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murderer was rumored to be responsible for anywhere from 6 to 20 deaths police eventually found a few key suspects for the killings. The first was Frederick Manali Frederick was one of Kim Wendy Allen's professors at Santa Rosa Junior College in 1976 after Frederick died in a car accident. His wife alerted the police to some disturbing materials. She had discovered among her late husband's belongings namely her husband's numerous sadomasochistic drawings featuring Kim Wendy Allen these disturbing pictures were accompanied by letters in which Frederick wrote about his obsession with sexual slavery. And large breasted women. However, the police later dismissed Frederick Manali as the suspect surmising that his fixation on his former student began after her headline-grabbing death. In the years since The Hitch-Hiker murders the police flooded several other high-profile Killers as the potential culprit atop. This list was the Zodiac Killer. He wants signed off one of his Infamous letters to the police with the word Enterprise. And since Kim Wendy Allen's body was found on Enterprise Road the police wondered if the zodiac sign off was a taunting call back. However, it wasn't the zodiacs Mo to rape victims. It didn't quite fit Ted. Bundy was another high-profile serial killer who investigators Tried to link to the murders. However, in 1992, the US Department of Justice ruled out Bundy to they discovered is gas receipts placed them elsewhere at the time of the crimes. Ultimately the police were never able to gather enough evidence to catch the killer the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders remain unsolved to this day. In the years since Kim Wendy Allen's mother has made peace with this fact and decided to focus on the living according to an article in the Press Democrat. Kim's mother turned her attention towards educating young hitchhikers stating. It used to be you'd tell a child to not ride with strangers and they'd mind but these days you can't tell a child anymore. We must reach them before any more are taken from us. She couldn't get back her girl, but she would do her best to help others. I'm Vanessa Richardson. Thanks again to rela for joining me today. Thanks so much for having me. You can find my podcast killer Queens on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcast. We've covered several serial killers including one similar to the Santa Rosa killer Israel Keyes. And if you're seeking more psychological deep dives into Killers Minds check out my other show the park cast original serial killers today and True Crime is a par cast original you can find more episodes of today and crime and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park a store regionals like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today and true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love let Us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park has network will be back with a brand new episode tomorrow in True Crime. Today and True Crime was created by Max coupler and is a par cast Studios original is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Andy weights with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson this episode of today in True Crime was written by obiageli ADI Magoo with writing assistance by Nora Battelle. I'm Vanessa Richardson.