This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak with Satan a chill ran up Joanna spine as she heard an awful echoing voice At first she assumed she was speaking with the Devil Himself, but the being soon identified himself merely as Satan's friend the demon didn't want her blood it wanted her loyalty it sought to deceive her. As Lucifer had once deceived Eve Joanna shivered as the voice thundered thought God is a liar. But Joanna had Faith. She knew that the Lord would guide her through any conflict. So she beat back her fear and felt her soul shine as she answered who then is my God, I seek to serve no other God, but the god of heaven and with those fiant words the battle began Hi, I'm Greg Paulson and I'm Vanessa Richardson. And this is Cults a podcast original every Tuesday. We look at a cult practices their leader and their followers. You can find all of us Odes of Cults and all other Park asked Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream calls for free on Spotify just open the app and type Cults in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park has Network this week. We'll explore the predictions of self-proclaimed Christian profit. Joanna South cot will cover Joanna's early life in England and her transformation from domestic servant to religious leader in 1792. Next week will focus on the final years of Joanna's life and the organizations which sought to keep her Legacy alive. after her death Joanna South caught came from humble beginnings on a farm in Devonshire England her parents William and Hannah were both very religious and brought her up to have an extensive knowledge of the Bible as a young girl. Joanna's father made her read a chapter of the Bible each day and discuss it with him afterward young Joanna loved scripture and did her best to devote herself to the Lord when she was 18 years old in 1768 a young And named Noah Bishop complicated this task when he tried to court her Joanna found it hard to resist Bishop, but she resolved to conquer her Earthly passions through prayer. She soon rejected Noah for God after another man. Peter West expressed an interest in her Joanna prayed for a sign from the Lord. She asked God to keep Peter away from her for a month if he wasn't her Destin soul, mate when Peter failed to visit her the Next month. She knew her prayers had been answered Peter finally came to call sometime later. But Joanna rejected him. He was too late. God had spoken in Joanna's time. It was unusual for a woman of her age to remain single. However, her hyper religious upbringing may have made her reluctant to marry. Vanessa's going to take over on the psychology here and throughout the episode. Please note. Vanessa is not a licensed psychologist or a psychiatrist. She has done a lot of research for this show. Thanks Greg. According to a study performed by dr. Dina Abbott. High religiosity has been linked to low sexual self esteem in women. She writes women with high religious commitment are less likely to perceive sex as congruent with their moral values. It's possible that Joanna's intense desire to be a good Christian woman made her weary of sex and thus less eager to marry. Apart from her refusal to Wed Joanna stuck close to the era's ideal of a modest Christian woman and the fact that she was single soon proved to be a blessing to her father at some point her mother died soon afterward. Mr. South caught became ill he was so sick that he needed someone to take care of him full-time unlike her other siblings who are grown with families of their own twenty-one-year-old. Joanna could focus entirely on her father. So the job fell to her. William remained sick for around two years during which time Joanne attended to the farm and helped him slowly recover when he finally did Joanna began taking odd jobs to get by in 1775. She found work as a domestic servant in the nearby city of Exeter. She stayed there for five years during which time she won the affection of her boss and upholsterer named. Mr. Wills one day in 1780. He suddenly Joanna now 30 years old and told her that he was in love with her when she rebuffed him. He tried to walk back his advances, but it was too late that night Joanna prayed hard about her situation and decided that she had to leave the city as soon as possible. She spent the next 12 years working as a domestic servant and upholsterer for several other employers then in 1792 at the age of 42. nothing changed That year while visiting her sister Johanna claimed that she was visited by the Holy Spirit during the visit. She heard a voice speak to her and saw visions of the future that first Joanna was afraid it was all a trick orchestrated by Satan. So she asked the voice for a sign that it was a real spirit and not a hallucination in response. The spirit supposedly knocked loudly three times on her bed frame it then commanded her to Begin writing still not convinced Joanna tried to pray the voice away, but it persisted that once again ordered Joanna to write down what she saw finally she gave in it's impossible to know exactly what to make of Joanna's claims. However, it could be she was genuinely suffering from some kind of delusion rather than completely fabricating her stories since psychology wasn't an established discipline at the time. Joanna was never officially diagnosed with A mental illness there also isn't much to suggest that she was suffering from other psychological symptoms. It's possible that after 42 years living the difficult life of a domestic servant. Joanna was desperately searching for some greater purpose to devote herself to buy recording her prophecies. Joanna may have been trying to seek validation from the rest of the world to prove. She was special regardless, Joanna never changed your story during her lifetime. According to her after hearing the voice of God she took up a pencil and wrote immediately without thinking she claimed the words came easily and in simple rhyming verse faster than she could think as she wrote. She rarely ever looked down at the paper accepted Turn the Page. It was like the words weren't coming from her. They were being channeled through her when she was done Joanna read back her writing and gasped she was Surprised to find that she had predicted England would soon go to war with the French and that shortly after the island would fall into distress and famine. The first person Joanna told about her Visions was her sister far from being impressed her sister dismissed her writings as absurd gibberish. She disputed Joanna's points and forbade Joanna from writing any more prophecies as long as she stayed in her house. Joanna didn't seem very surprised by her. Sisters disbelief. She knew how unlikely her story sounded she had her own doubts and privately wondered if she was spouting blasphemy, but in her mind, she wasn't doing any harm by writing the prophecies down after all she wasn't screaming them in the streets. So when her sister went on a short trip, not long afterward, Joanna broke a rule and wrote down more of her predictions for a while. Joanna kept her prophecies to herself, but But in Christmas of 1792 she opened up once again after joining a small Society of methodists. Joanna told her fellow Believers that she'd been visited by the holy spirit with visions of the future like her sister the methodists worried that Joanna was mentally ill when she tried to protest and explain herself the leaders of the society kicked her out. They believe she was either sick or being misled by the devil this rejection left Joanna shattered. Her mood plummeted and she went back to living with her sister for a while apparently needing someone to take care of her according to Joanna at her sister's home. She was immediately mentally attacked by demons for 10 days straight while her previous Visions had been thrilling now. She was made to see and hear horrible things. She could feel Lucifer trying to break her faith in the end. Joanna's steadfast prayer Vanquish the devil and she emerged more sure than ever. That the Lord was on her side soon. Joanna's Faith was rewarded the following year in 1793 war broke out between Britain and France just like Joanna said it would as a result of poor harvests and the financial pressures of the war parts of the country were economically depressed. Just like Joanna said they would be buoyed by this proof of her Second Sight Joanna told to reverence about her. Rinses, and for the first time she got a positive reception one of the men she contacted Reverend Tanner urged her to continue her writings the other however Reverend Leach claimed her Visions were from an evil spirit Joanna thought about reaching out to a third Reverend, but the Holy Spirit visited her. Once again this time God told her she must convince Reverend Leach of her Holiness before spreading her message further all the while. 44 year-old Joanna continued to work full time taking jobs as a domestic servant while quietly writing about her Revelations, she waited until 1784 and then wrote to Reverend Leach a second time by now England was in a worse economic crisis than before Joanna's prediction seemed more reliable than ever Reverend leech seem to agree at least in part. He responded to Joanna's letter still sounding. Two color but acknowledge that God may be revealing things to her that he couldn't understand. Joanna was frustrated with the tone of leeches letter. She felt she'd already proven Beyond doubt that her predictions were accurate. She'd been told to sway Leach to her side. But at best he seemed to be gently brushing her off. She worried that time was of the essence the more she communicated with the Holy Spirit the more she feared something big was coming though. She didn't know what it was. She knew the Lord had chosen her for an important Mission but without Approval of the church leaders, Joanna knew she'd be accused of using black magic or consorting with the devil instead of spreading God's word to try and enhance her credibility Joanna put her writings from 1794 into a sealed box and gave it to one of her friends for safekeeping a few months later. She wrote to Leach a third time trying yet again to get his approval. He responded towards the end of the summer telling Joanna that he'd resigned as Minister and it was no longer interested in verifying her claims like many others Leach may have believe Joanna was suffering from mental illness Joanna instead turned her attention to a small group of unnamed men. She thought she could convert to her side. The men may have been part of the Methodist Society. She was booted from years before or they may have been other clergymen who talked with Reverend Leach before he resigned. Either way forty-five-year-old Joanna delivered some of her sealed writings to the men at the end of 1795 and made a deal with them. They could read her prophecies for themselves in the future to determine whether they were divinely inspired or not. But she insisted that the seal couldn't be broken on the writings unless the men did it in the presence of Joanna and her friends the men agreed to Joanna's terms, but promptly broke their promise they reviewed Has prophecies without waiting for the proper time after reading them the men quickly agreed amongst themselves that the predictions were inspired by the devil and Joanna was dismissed as an agent of Satan once again, but as Joanna later reported, she'd known all along the men would break the seals early and label her a fraud the spirit had told her that she would have to keep her faith and continue writing a prophecies in the face of ridicule luckily. Soon managed to sway one religious figure to her side Joanna revealed her prophecies to a new Reverend and told him how leech and the others had called her the Devil the man Reverend Pomeroy, encouraged Joanna and said he was confident the Holy Spirit was speaking through her with his quiet support Joanna grew competent enough to make one of her bold as claims yet. And with this prediction Joanna became a prophet. Coming up. Joanne has proven right again and people start to take notice. This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to scape not too long ago driving seemed a lot simpler streets were less congested and there were fewer distractions on the road nowadays a million different things are constantly fighting for our attention Ford believes. It's not enough to make a vehicle with technology drivers need an SUV. That's Ready for the challenges of today and can help anticipate the challenges of Tomorrow an SUV. That's built street smart. That's why Ford has completely redesigned the 2024 to scape. There's Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard tactic designed to help you feel confident and in command on the road the completely reimagined 2024 to escape. It's not just smart. It's Street Smart. Hi, it's Vanessa. I'm so excited for you to check out an incredible New Park a store original. It's called dictators and it lets you delve into the minds of some of the world's most feared leaders. You can hear new episodes. Every Tuesday. Here are host skate and Richard to tell you more. Thank you so much. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit they rise. Through the ranks towards radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is their ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed in two-part episode. codes with the first giving insight into their rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and Evil at its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. Joanna South Koch of 42 year old domestic servant began receiving visions of the future in 1792 over the next several years. She attempted to convince her sister and several clergyman that she was communicating with God but despite some of her prophecies coming true. She had little success convincing them to believe her they largely thought she was suffering from mental illness or that she'd been LED astray by Satan in 1796. 44 year old Joanna started corresponding with a reverend named Pomeroy who had first seemed to believe she'd been touched by God after hearing some details about Joanna's prophecies Pomeroy told her he didn't believe she'd been influenced by the devil in private. However, he apparently told a friend that Joanna will be out of her mind soon. Joanna later said she knew about Pomeroy's private doubts according to her. She had a vivid dream soon after she wrote. Wrote to him for the first time in the dream Joanna sat in a small room with A well-dressed gentleman and a lady for a while the three of them lingered silently in the room, then the door suddenly burst open the devil entered the room in Disguise. Joanna didn't describe what he looked like but apparently Satan couldn't fully hide his evil face as soon as he walked through the door the gentleman stood up and began. sprinting away the devil chased the man reaching out with terrible claws to grab him by the neck all the while Joanna and the lady stood paralyzed with fear the devil finally grabbed the man but the gentleman rested himself away from Satan's grip at that point Joanna screamed and then woke up with a start Joanna prayed on the meaning of her dream and soon received an answer from the Holy Spirit the gentleman in the Dream was Reverend Pomeroy? God told Joanna that he would struggle with the devil, but would ultimately come to see the truth of her writings relieved Joanna continued to correspond with Pomeroy and gave him a new sealed prophecy in May of 1796. She instructed him to keep the writing sealed until the end of the year, which he did when the Reverend broke the seal nearly eight months later. He was Lord Joanna's writing had predicted that a church leader. Bishop bowler would be dead by Year's End. She was right Bishop bowler had died only a few weeks prior to December 12th. The 61 year old had been in good health for most of the year and his passing took many by surprise. But apparently Joanna had known about it more than six months before it happened the prophecy unsettled Pomeroy up until then he'd been relatively sure that Joanna was mentally ill in his view. He'd encouraged her simply as a kindness so that she wouldn't become depressed. He didn't believe she was dangerous or possessed by the devil only sick. No, he didn't know what to believe. Ultimately he decided he needed more proof of Joanna's gift, but some of his initial skepticism began to diminish to prove her powers once and for all Pomeroy asked Joanna to tell him what would happen to a England over the following year as the conflict between Britain and France dragged on Pomeroy. Wanted to know when the war would end to answer his question. Joanna took to prayer after a couple of days the spirit answered her call and she made several predictions about what would happen to the country in 1797. She dutifully wrote them down and handed the predictions off to Pomeroy. Hoping to get his full confidence by the end of the next year. Meanwhile, Joanna Now 46 continued working full-time while fulfilling her religious obligations in 1796. She took a job as an upholsterer. She didn't earn any salary but instead got room and board at the home of her employer almost all of Joanna's off time was dedicated to prayer and prophecy during Lent. She claimed that she ate nothing but a single bowl of broth and bread for a six days straight her dedication. Leave paid off we don't know exactly what she predicted would happen to England in 1797. But Joanna claimed that everything she told Pomeroy came to pass still it doesn't seem like Pomeroy made much effort to spread Joanna's message or get others to join her cause for the next couple of years Joanna tried in vain to win over other members of the Church of England without him then in 1799. She sent a letter to her friend. Thing that the year's Harvest would not be good. She sent copies of the letter to Pomeroy and an archdeacon of the church just like all the others Joanna's latest prediction was meant with contempt at first the Harvest seemed like it was going to be plentiful but as the community geared up to collect the crops a harsh rain began to fall it continued until the Harvest had been spoiled. Joanna was proven right again, but far from convincing her. She'd only put a Target on her back. It seemed that no matter how many times she predicted the future members of the church refused to recognize her as a prophet instead. They just looked for reasons to discredit her. It's hard to know exactly why Johanna failed to Garner even a single powerful Ally during this time most clergy men. She talked to had trouble believing that God would reveal himself to an ordinary person rather than to a East or higher up in the church, but the more significant factor appears to have been her gender more than one clergyman said he couldn't believe that God would entrust his prophecies to a woman one of her critics falsely claimed that Joanna promoted the idea that Christ has changed his sex and has come in the form of woman. It was a deliberate misunderstanding of what Joanna had insisted since the beginning. She never claimed that she was divine or was the He meant of Christ only that God spoke through her writings independent of her conscious mind though. Joanna remained mostly respectful in her public statements defending herself from these kinds of attacks. Occasionally. She showed flashes of anger. But this reaction no matter how understandable may have decreased her credibility in the minds of the men who were already looking for a reason to disbelieve her according to dr. Susan wit born. People are less inclined to believe. Believe claims made by women if the women sound angry writing about a 2015 study. She states participants were more likely to doubt their initial judgments after hearing what an angry email hold out had to say but were more confident in their own judgments after reading the angry woman's arguments. Joanna's endless struggle to sway church leaders to her side put her under immense pressure her stress grew worse at the end of 1799 when she had to Turn to her hometown to care for her father who had fallen severely ill again. His illness continued for several months in 1808. Joanna predicted that her father would die on July 15th, st. Swithin's day. But ultimately he recovered the day passed and Joanna's father survived. It was her first failed prediction and her critics seized on it many had refused to support her even after she provided the proof that asked for began pointing to this prediction as justification for Seeing her for her part Joanna made no attempt to hide the failure of the prediction. She owned up to her mistake publicly several times, but overall she remained convinced that God was speaking through her by 1800. Joanna had spent almost 10 years trying to get validation from clergy members for her prophecies and had at best been met with amused tolerance after the reaction to her first failed prophecy. Joanna finally realized that she'd have to say spread her message herself. Over the past eight years she'd accumulated reams of writing. She had copies of most of her letters as well as detailed accounts of her prophetic dreams and messages from the Holy Spirit on January 1st. 1801. Fifty-year-old. Joanna self-published. Summer writing says the first volume of a book called strange effects of Faith the first volume of Joanna's book got enough interest that she was able to publish additional volumes. After her third volume was published in May Joanna got letters from three Reverend's who were intrigued by her work but as she gained new admirers, she also got in the bad side of an old one Palmer. I who for years had strung Joanna long outwardly encouraging her was embarrassed to be included in the book as one of her supporters according to him because of his inclusion skeptical clergyman had publicly hounded him first. Supporting Joanna Palmer, I went so far as to visit Joanna and asked her to sign a public statement admitting that she'd made a mistake by naming him in the book. Joanna was confused but was sincerely sorry to have caused Pomeroy trouble. She still saw him as a friend and thus agreed to sign the document but Joanna had trusted Pomeroy too much and hadn't read the document thoroughly enough what she actually signed was a statement declaring. The Pomeroy had never supported her at all. It also falsely claimed that Pomeroy had told her that her Visions were a product of the devil with Joanna's unwitting signature Pomeroy could now lie to Skeptics that he'd actively discourage Joanna from prophesying his behavior took Joanna off guard, especially when Pomeroy bought an ad in a local newspaper reprinting the document she'd signed publicly accusing Joanna of lying in her book. Look Joanna, never forgot his betrayal in response to the newspaper ad she printed and distributed handbills throughout the city trying to clear up the misconception. She also tried to get the writing. She'd sent to Palmer right back from him, but he'd already burned them all. All in all it was a sobering experience for Joanna and one that would haunt her for years. But while her self published writings had provoked Pomeroy Zaire, they'd also introduced her to a number of people who would actually support her in the future in December of 1801 51 year-old Joanna met with the three reverence who wrote to her in May along with four other men who were interested in her predictions these Seven Stars as Joanna called Examined her writings to determine whether she had the gift of Prophecy after all after reading her writings and listening to her speak. They were unanimously convinced Joanna included their signed testimonials in subsequent volumes of her works. But with every Victory came another setback soon after the December meeting the city council of Exeter went after Joanna because the handbills she'd passed out about Pomeroy had also included claims that Joanna walk with the Holy Spirit the council accused her blasphemy. Joanna would be forced to defend herself at a hearing. Coming up Joanna fights for her freedom and her message in front of the Exeter city council now back to the story. Self-proclaimed Prophet Joanna South cot began publishing a Christian writings in 1801 by 1802 the 51 year old had gained a small group of supporters who believe the Holy Spirit spoke through her but she'd also attracted passionate critics in January of that year. She was accused of blasphemy by the city council in Exeter England the council held a private hearing and demanded that Joanna attend Joanna did as she was asked. And went in front of the council to defend yourself the mayor asked her to hand her writings over to him until the following year so that he could judge for himself whether Joanna's predictions were accurate, but Joanna had already been burned by people unsealing her prophecies before the proper time. She didn't hand anything over but did manage to convince the council. She wasn't spouting blasphemy. It helped that she now had several Reverend's who vouched for her the council let her off with the A warning but the episode made Joanna more convinced than ever that she needed to shore up her support to Stave off these kinds of attacks over the next few months. Joanna grew Closer To Her Seven Stars frequently writing to them. She regularly sent them her prophecies and discussed religious matters with him in May of 1802. She even attended to one of the men Reverend Wilson when he came down with a severe illness in the days after Joanna visited him Wilson. Got better this led Joanna's supporters to conclude. She had healing powers Joanna encouraged their beliefs happy to have more supposed proof of her Holiness. However, her claims were slightly undercut in the days after allegedly healing Wilson. Joanna started to become sick herself though. She went to Great pains to explain she'd come down with a very different disease than Wilson according to her. She'd been ordered. And by the spirit to spar with demons for 7 days. Once again, it's hard to determine whether Joanna was being deliberately deceptive or sincerely experienced hallucinations from time to time. She publicly expressed doubt in her connection to God making it possible that she wasn't sure herself regardless. She claimed that she had overcome the Devil with the holy spirit's help. Not only that but over the course of that same week. She also claimed to have completed the The volume of a writings around 40 pages and to cap it all off Joanna told her Seven Stars that she fasted for 40 days after vanquishing the evil spirit apparently feeling better than ever after her fast. She invited the public to come to an open trial of her writings in November of 1802 that month 52 year-old Joanna met with a new group of supporters 23 and all to judge her predictions all of them determined that Joanna was righteous and divinely inspired. Once again, she got them to sign a paper attesting to the fact Joanna supporters made copies of the document and circulated it around town as usual. She was met with anger and some priests announced the document calling it a list of 23 fools. It seemed that with every step forward. Joanna took her critics did their best to Center two steps back though. She had no idea Joanna would And face her harshest opposition yet in June of 1803 Joanna created and distributed custom seals for documents written by her supporters. The seals featured the initials for Jesus Christ along with two stars. Joanna intended them to be used by her supporters to sign and close their letters. But almost immediately rumors flew that Joanna was selling her seals for profit adding to the confusion. Infusion some people started to believe that Joanna seals for sacred and that owning one would guarantee a person a place in heaven her critics pounced and claimed Joanna was lying to her followers and taking advantage of the gullible Joanna countered and her subsequent writings that she never sold a single seal. She claimed that she'd given them all out for free. She did believe her supporters were among God's chosen people, but she also said she'd never As the seals as some kind of reservation for a place in Paradise. It's difficult to determine today who was telling the truth some reports claim one of her Seven Stars and engraver named William Sharpe sold the seals on her behalf others suggest that while Joanna never sold them herself some devious middlemen may have gotten some and sold them without her consent to profit off of her if there's any truth to the rumors, it seems likely that the latter Explanation is the correct one. Joanna was constantly the target of vicious gossip. And these rumors fit right in it would have been out of character for Joanna to sell the seals though. She did sell her writings. She didn't make many attempts to enrich herself. She only made a modest living and never collected tithes from her followers on the other hand. She did gladly allow her supporters to believe she had healing powers. It's possible that if someone suggested the seals Granted salvation, she could have encouraged their claims to increase her credibility as a holy woman. Either way the seal debacle seriously damaged Joanna's credibility those who believe she was influenced by Satan had been waiting for her to slip up and now they had something to hold over her head regardless of whether she'd ever actually sanctioned the sales the reasons Joanna often seem to be the victim of malicious gossip may have had less to do with her and more to do with her critics a psychologist. Robert pain points out a key function of Gossip can be to elevate one. Self at the expense of others he writes that gossip is often used by individuals to sway a groups opinion in that individuals favor. Joanna was the target of mostly male priests who may have felt her claim of connection to the Holy Spirit threatened their own at the time women weren't allowed to be priests in the Church of England. If a woman could speak directly with God then it challenge men's exclusive claim to Divinity bus, they employed vicious rumors to elevate themselves. Elves at Joanna's expense the rumors definitely did their job all the negative press hurt. Joanna deeply she began to doubt her powers and wandered off and if she really was being fooled by the devil without knowing it to friends and the public she gave the impression of someone who genuinely felt she had a Divine Mission and yet worried that she was being duped to settle the question once and for all Joanna sought Hold yet, another public trial of her prophetic abilities with enough independent validation. She felt she could quell her doubts and prove that her connection to God was real at the end of 1800 for a full panel of 48 men examined Joanna's writings and interviewed her acquaintances. Just like in the previous trial by the end of it. All 48 men were convinced. Joanna was sincere. They signed a paper declaring that her prophecies came straight. Eight from God this success comforted Joanna and she resolved to continue making prophecies. She published a seemingly endless Trove of letters and religious writings over the next few years with each new volume her readership grew though critics continue to Hound her. She soon had enough passionate supporters to drown them out according to Joanna. She had distributed close to 14,000 of her seals by 1807 not everyone with a Bill was a die-hard follower, but the number spoke to her Rising influence and the wide distribution of her books with each new volume for writing selling better. Joanna became desperate for clergy members to finally take her seriously over the next few years. She and her followers sent countless letters and copies of her work to higher-ups in the Church of England. They demanded the Bishops open a box of Joanna's prophecies that she'd previously kept sealed for a time of national emergency. See, however, Joanna ultimately reached a point where she didn't seem to mind whether or not the Bishops approved of her or opened her box. She only wanted them to go on record about her one way or another she sought their attention more and more aggressively but most of the upper echelons of the church continued to ignore her the people however were definitely listening in 1812 a wealthy follower of Joanna's named James cousins. I'd leaving part of his fortune to her. It was enough money that 62 year old. Joanna was Secure for Life. Meanwhile, as always she continued to write by the end of 1812. She'd amassed more than 50 volumes of work averaging around 50 pages a piece. It's difficult to estimate exactly how many followers Joanna had during this era her books now sold tens of thousands of copies, but not every consumer was a die-hard. Supporter still it seems safe to say that she had at least 10,000 loyal followers throughout England. Although most had never met her in person. She primarily communicated with the world through her books acting as a distant. Holy figure rather than a highly coordinated group leader the tactic set her apart though. There were plenty of religious figures claiming to be prophets at the time very few were female. Joanna's endless perseverance and Since in the face of criticism surprised her opposition, it turned her from an anonymous domestic servant to a significant religious thinker in her own right, but with so many followers came high expectations all of them expected a grand Revelation to come from Joanna. Eventually, they believed she was God's chosen prophet and so assumed he'd entrusted her with world-shaking Secrets Beyond whether the year's Harvest would be good or not. In 1814 the moment they've been waiting for finally came that year the 64 year old virginal profit dropped her biggest bombshell ever. She claimed she was pregnant with the child of God. Thanks again for tuning into Cults will be back. Next Tuesday with part two on Joanna South cot will hear about the fate of Joanna's child as well as the movements. She inspired even years after her death for more information on Joanna South cot amongst the many sources. We used we found Charles Lanes book The Life of Johannes Alcott extremely helpful to our research. You can find all episodes of And all other park has to Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music, but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park asked Originals like Cults for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream Cults on Spotify just open the app and type Cults in the search bar, and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will see you next time. Colts was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound designed by dick Schroeder with production assistance by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson. This episode of Cults was written by Terrell Wells with writing assistance by Abigail Cannon and stars Greg Paulson and Vanessa Richardson. Don't forget to check out park has fantastic new original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.