Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters returning Heather Watson's resurgent form in the season continuing and of course sharapova's farewell announcement as well. We'll throw in a bit of mysterious player and a few listener questions as well for good measure, so you're in for a treat this episode. We've got a lot of tennis to look forward to Kim but I feel like I feel like what's on my mind at the moment is all this uncertainty actually around the coronavirus. And is that It's giving us can affect the tennis season. Have you started wearing a mask yet Joel. I mean, I know it's Dreadful, isn't it? Because it's sort of everywhere like the media just Awash with it. You can't go anywhere without thinking or seeing something about it, but they haven't as of yet sort of room talking about it in in tennis. I feel it would be a different scenario. If we were in the middle of the Asian swing right now, but fortunately we're not. Yeah, I think the I mean obviously I think would be the be the biggest talking points. Yes connection. It has two tennis at the moment is the Olympics because I know there's been talk around, you know from D cancel the Olympics or do you make it just a TV only event which would be absolutely kind of crazy my opinion. But you know, this is a sort of you know situation. I guess we're at the moment and you know, I would think about the son of Caesar we were kind of predicting the winners for each of the grand subs and the Olympics and you know, I don't think coronavirus was on my radar as the winner of Of the of the tennis in Tokyo. Yeah, I mean, let's hope that nothing has to be canceled. I mean, I know they're canceling other sporting events like some marathons and things like that, but you know Tokyo is a long way off. So we're all wait and see well crying has crossed. Yeah. Exactly. We don't want to get swept up with you know, the Panic that's kind of running around the world at the moment. But yeah so much to talk about that you Joe. I feel like it's been about three months since we last recorded a pod. So we've had like A million told him it's take place as well across various continents. Let's start let's start with the tournaments of happened this week. So we've had the big three. Well two of The Big Three, I guess returned to the tour Djokovic in Dubai Nadal in Acapulco and pretty much fruit. I mean almost to be expected they kind of picked up where he left off and Djokovic in Dubai. Let's focus on that. First of all, you know, he just kind of came through got to the final be sister pass to claim his fifth title their 6-3 6-4. I mean mumfie's gave him a very good run for his money in the semi finals. But Djokovic Still Remains unbeaten this season. Yeah, he's on a 21 match win streak at the moment, which is still some way off. I think his longest win streak, which I think is 41 matches. But yeah, I mean he almost Also in the same he's he had to say very much coats against mopping. Yeah, really clearly spoke about Monfils is having a really good purple patch in his career. He's paying some of the best tennis. He's probably even ever, you know, ever played and you know, he definitely pushed Djokovic sure to the Limit there and three match points it, you know, and Djokovic was able to come through, you know, I it just kind of happens hopes you just how tough it is to beat him and even when kind of you know, the chips are down you can never you can never write. It off Novak Djokovic. Can you absolutely not and he will go into you know, Indian Wells and obviously Miami as the clear favorite of course, but I mean, how long do you think his win streak could go on for could he beat his previous record of 41? I mean, it's possible. I mean, he did joke in his press conference afterwards about going unbeaten and he kind of laughed it off, but I think you have a few a few people are listening if you jealous will They think egg. Well actually he is playing a level where you know that that you know, that could happen. I guess that could happen. Maybe I'm you know, well, I guess we'll have to wait and see but I definitely think he could have you know, maybe like five losses across the whole season. Maybe I think he's playing that that well, I mean it's early days, isn't it? Really? We really just in March? But yeah, it's looking. You know, it's looking promising for him. He keeps looking all - well, yeah ominous for everyone else really pretty if you were Djokovic on his fans, but Dan Evans as well in Dubai, but up a really good show got to the semi-finals lost as its Abbas in Fairly straightforward fashion. But yeah, I mean Dan Evans getting to a semi-final of an ATP 500 event. That's really good going and be true bleph en route to the semis. So I think he's back in the top 30 now and Yeah, I mean, you know playing six but you could see the obviously the gulf between him and the top players and that's obviously something that he's really got to focus on now, you know, it's like a massive difference really between him and them but I mean it was very impressive that he reaches Emmys. Yeah. I mean, I think he is now 26 in the world which is you know, a massive massive achievement and he will be going into the grand slams, you know as a seeded player. You know, I think I think he's making the most of being on a hard court. I'm kind of interested to see no can he pay as a top 30 player on a clay court for example, because I don't think I've yet to see that but it certainly kind of bodes well for him going into kind of the you know, the rest of the season and you know living with that I guess living with that mantle of being you know, the British number one because you know, we've seen you know, we some players when they get that sort of, you know title, you know, like a soccer when she become world number one. You know, they are people I think players react differently, but you know Evans has kind of taken it in his stride and he's producing some really really good results the moment, you know, beat rublev in Dubai. I think he beat kachanov as well the week before so yeah, he certainly putting some eye-catching performances together. Yeah, actually and yeah, it bodes well and I think so far he's certainly handling being British number one. Well, let's go to Acapulco. So as we said refer back back in the back on call and Doing what he does best and well be just very very comfortably won. The a couple group routine is so so during T. I don't think he lost more than five games. I think or something or other in each in each match. And yeah, you have to play sort of, you know, the hardest of opponents. I mean he beat Taylor for it's in the final 6-3 6-2 very convincing fashion. And it's like just yeah, I mean, he's sort of serenely proceeded through Through the draw but interestingly enough. He first won this title back in 2005 when it was on Clay. So 15 years later rougher still winning this tournament. I'm black third title and I could all go and he's won it on both clay and it's now played on hard courts. So I wonder if that's happened. I wonder if that's happened before where a player winning the same event on two different two different surfaces. Good point. That's a really good question. Well, he knows Lissa's D-Day is it didn't only players I'm trying to think did I know Federer won that year when Madrid was on Blue clay, that's still clay, isn't it? And I know they moved the Hamburg to him and that used to be a master series like after Wimbledon, but it's still clay, so I'm not too sure about not okay anyway change but it was also a good result for Fritz, you know got to his fifth ATP final and so he's going up to a career-high ranking 24 so, you know making moves as well. And also we I saw a fairly good week for Carla Edmund getting to the quarters in Acapulco and he beat Felix. Oh jealousy en route to that. So now, you know promising from Kyle. I know I thought he was going to kick on from there because as your ally I seem you know also has been in very good form Bob, you know Bob being in the finals, but yeah wouldn't you know, given a quarter final against Fritz. I was expecting a I was expecting a little bit more and maybe you know, that's how well I think you know Edmonds been playing recently because I don't know. I don't know what it is whether he's seeing, you know Evans play really well and he's taking that in his stride in what kind of you know, that will miss kind of feeding his kind of competitive nature. But yeah, I was a bit like, ah, I thought he could have he could have beaten the winner, you know opportunity and opening and actually would have been really interesting to have had, you know, for example of an adult Edwin final that would have been that I've been great but other happenings in Acapulco kurios was booed off the court. So he's back after after he hasn't he hasn't played since the Australian Open because of injury and he didn't last very long and I could pull Co because he retired with a wrist injury after the first set in the first round and curiosity. No defending champion in Acapulco. The crowd did not like the fact that he retired they booed him off the court with a bit harsh if he's genuinely injured. Are you doing a bio? I mean my I thought that because I you know when I saw him play because I think he pulled out of the tournament was meant to play the week before I think I think it was that they Del Rey. Yeah, he beat she's pulled out of both of ya, but I thought it was yeah, it felt a bit like, you know, he was defending champ. He felt that he needed to be there possibly to kind of get some get some points. But you know, I just thought kind of yeah, he's trying to play the good guy this season and you know here He is just like okay guys. I'm not fully fit but I'm still gonna play some tennis to you know to please the flags, but don't there stay still it seems maybe they just thought he was tanking but I mean, I think in this case, you know, he has a genuine injury. So I mean, well there we go drama going on out in Acapulco. But also we had you know, the the golden swing continues out in the clay so we had All over South America we had Rio and this is interesting enough. I guess the strangest thing to happen was Dominic team, you know, probably well the second best player in the world on Clay losing to world number 128 Gianluca majare 7-6 7-5, which was unexpected to say the least. Yeah. I think it was I think the match was kind of rain delayed or it was kind of an overnight it went. A over two days and I think team was actually down a set and I think a certain a break and you thought okay, he can regroup over night and then come out and win it next day. But yeah, I think it from from judging from his interview kind of for saying that the conditions were really tough. And you know, I have noticed in the garden swing they do like a late-night clay-court match think like some of those matches were going on till 3 a.m. And I was just like is that just like a A cultural thing in in South America. They just like to watch clay-court matches, you know past past I guess they go out for dinner really late. Don't they know? They're natural kind of timings. Everything is always so much later than kind of I don't know Northern Europeans, you know, it's very like Latino thing to do everything late, but I've been at all. I mean Dominic team did say like it's very difficult to play in these sorts of events because you know, you're always getting home like in the early hours of the morning and then it's just quite difficult to like man. Image that and obviously he didn't cope. Well, they're in this case and yeah, generally can Raja went through into the into the final. I think he you know, so obviously he was playing very well. He reached the final but lost to Christian Guerin who we know is it's a very solid clay-court player who has won quite a quite a couple of titles now and the Golden Spring and also won the called about open earlier, you know this year so he's on a winning streak of a nine matches. So yeah, I think you know a new a new a new player has emerged and you can measure and I'm sure Dominic team will bounce back. I don't think this is going to be I don't think there's a symbol of his clay Court Season. Yeah, I think yeah, I think kind of the most for me that she the story that stood out most from from Rio was the fact that we had a 16 year old playing Carlos Alka Roth's who was In his ATP Tour debut, and he beat he beat his fellow compatriot Albert Ramos vinolas in the first round. Yeah, it went on for three hours 37 minutes. But yeah a sixteen-year-old on the ATP Tour winning an ATV tour match that does not happen every day. I think he's as 406 in the rankings, but he's got one cuales Ferraro in his corner. So obviously he's thought of very high. A and you might be getting great experience. Yeah, I think he was the youngest player to win a match on the Challenger tour as well. And now he's the youngest player. I think since refer to win, you know an ATP Tour level match, so he's kind of making, you know becoming the first player of his kind of generation first player to be born in 2003 to be winning these matches at each kind of of the level on the Torso. Yeah, obviously a name that we An all look out for going forwards it just it just shows you I think like I feel like when we cease or 60 Drew old brakes on to the tour, I think like our default a default reaction would be so you know that would happen on the WTA tour but you know, it can happen on the ATP Tour as well. And you know, we're seeing that with I guess with Carlos alcaraz leading the way so we'll see if he can get any more scalps in the later on in the season where you just kind of sticks to. The the Challenger events, but we also had some to 50s as well over the last couple of weeks in Marseille Delray Beach and Santiago sister pass. Who as we said got to the final in Dubai. He actually one must say I think he didn't drop a settle week and it was very kind of very routine for him came up against AJ Alia seem in the final. Yeah and dispatched him three and four again more more final woes for for FAA who needs he needs to break that truck at some point, but it's just not it's just not happening for him. But the baby it is it kid. No, I think in this final he played better. He was sort of performing it at a higher level than his previous one. So I it's obviously his biggest goal now is to get to a final actually win one, but I'm sure it will only be a matter of time wasn't there a stat like Nishikori lost about eight or nine finals in a row and I mean obviously he'd won tournaments before that stage, but he went on this Dreadful streak. British or FAA will eventually break his dark. But yeah, I mean since the past obviously in good form and you know that bodes well for him and actually he won that title last year. So he's won more say two years in a row now and then we had out in Delray Beach Riley a palka winning that won his second title. He had to play two matches in the same day. I believe to win that one. So he was playing Milos Raonic in the semi-finals and actually he Saved a match point in in that one and then played your sheep yoshihito nishioka and the final one that in three sets. So do you think we could have gone from one more opposite to another from like a big booming six-foot-five sort of massive server component in Redditch to nishioka who is whose five foot seven? So, you know, I think it shows a palka had to you know, he, you know, almost kind of complete opposite side opposite side of the side. To sister passed kind of almost having to had play two different strategies in one day that that's very, you know, I think that's quite impressive and in the different respect to kind of, you know, winning a tournament, you know in straight sets all the way through. Yeah a poker doing a Feliciano López their two matches in one day and then also Bob and Mike Bryan won Delray Beach that's their last time playing at that event as this is their farewell tour so they won the doubles event at G with a victory over Britain's Luke bambridge playing with been McLaughlin in that event. So Nic nice a nice moment for the Bryant and then out in Santiago de Chile. We had a new another new name bursting onto the scene. I've never heard of this game. But yeah, great name Thiago say both wild or I don't know if it's like a German derive sentence. It would be like vilde. I don't know how to say this name blisters. Please. Tell us how I should say this name. He's Brazilian and he won his first title in three sets in the final over Casper root. So it's 7-5 4-6 6-3. Yeah Thiago say both world is only 19. He's become the youngest champion of during the golden swing since refer, you know one in Acapulco in 2005. So yeah, it's I'd never heard of him before but apparently he won the US Open juniors in 2018, so He's perhaps being earmarked for future success. Net new next Jenna. Yeah. Well we shall see. I mean I wasn't that was a classic next next-gen finally another what another player adding throwing their hat into the ring into that seemingly, never ending never always expanding pot of pot of next-gen players. But yeah world see how he progresses well throughout the season, but I hope you can - in a sec will be back to discuss all the tournaments from the WTA side. Okay. So on the WTA side, we've not actually had that many tournaments compared to the ATP side, but we have had a couple of Premier Events take place as well as an International Event take place as well. And let's let's kind of talk about the two premieres of happen back-to-back. Let's start. Let's rewind a little bit actually and go back to Dubai where Simona Halep. One her 20th career title. She beat probably the most informed player on the tour at the moment Elena Rye Burkina. It was a real kind of tussle actually went down to a final set tiebreak with Halep coming through seven five in that decider Halep. Yeah really had to dig deep actually through the whole match think she was three one down in the third set as well. But it just goes to show you that she is, you know, she's very at home on a hard court and even against someone who is As in form as Robbie Keane as she was able to pull it through. Yeah, exactly. So it was helps 20th title. You know, she's just proving that you know, she is she is like mrs. Consistent really isn't she sort of I think for the last 10 years now, she's been in the top ten consistently. Yeah, really impressive quite surprising actually. I mean, I didn't realize she'd actually sort of being that double the game for so long. So yeah, I mean, there's just goes to show you know, So she she's always you can never sort of rule her out and yet she did really well to come through pick up Dubai and obviously Ryback either. Yeah. She's reached in the last five events for finals. So really impressive. You know, she have her on a form is continuing her Purple Patch carries on but another sort of really Ki talking point, which actually feels like ages ago. Now Joel was Kim clijsters coming back playing her first match after many many years off the tall we I thought it was going to be against Kiki Burton's but she withdrew and it was actually garbine muguruza that came up against guy stirs. And I mean the score was 6-2 7-6 but Christ is did a lot better than I was expecting personally. I mean, I feel like I was a bit silly to maybe under rate her like what she was going to do, but it was a plate like the second set was pretty pretty close. She did really well. Yeah, I think what was most impressed as was how she managed that second set because I think she was a she was a saint a breakdown and And you know someone someone coming back to toy-u, you know could easily just kind of folded there. But you know, she definitely showed, you know, you know, she's still got that hunger and appetite and she wasn't going to go, you know, she wasn't going to go quietly and you know that that second set was a real tussle for me, you know coming back. I think it was really impressive that tiebreak and it very easily could have gone to a third and you know muguruza is you know, again one of the one of the more inform ladies players on the tour Or the madman and I'm almost quite happy that Christ has had this sort of baptism of fire because it it really done of did show us, you know, that, you know really to kind of show the ability that she can play and I'd be very interested to see how she gets on in a next match because I think she's paying Monterey this week and she's got Kanter in the in the first round. So again, I feel like that's I mean conflict theorists winnable for Christ. Yeah. I know exaggerated. He's not doing very well at the moment, which I think are so, you know contr. You know, she could have a good a good draw to potentially even to the final. Who knows but that's the empty one would be some doing he's Windsor second tournament back. Oh dear. But yeah, I saw that she conjures playing doubles with Selena in monitor roaches. Hmm teaching he wants as much game time exactly. I'm but yeah, we've had a bit of controversy will soon in Dubai Darren Cahill. I think on Twitter was sort of I don't know brought this to the attention is the prize money, you know, the sort of spread of it across the different, you know, the different round so that you know winner finally semifinals called to find this the the district that the split between the amount received by the quarter-finalists and the semi-finalists wasn't astronomical leak. Yeah, it's crazy. So be my little bit getting four times more than the quarter-finalists that does not seem a fair distribution, you know, they really need to fix that the breakdown of the prize money because you know, it was almost yeah, it's always looking at the licking licking at them. It's almost two separate tourneys. It's like winner finalists semi-finalists, you know, $700,000 $370,000 $200,000 and it court file is second round first, right? It's like $50,000. Opal oh, it feels like you know, it almost feels like that prize money is you know, what one level is I did such serve it at the other end is a grand slam level also for the first round you get just 1 Point 1 ranking point. It just seems like just such a I mean just just one gesture. Yeah. It's like they might as well not bother giving any yeah, it just seems like it's ludicrous he screwed. I think Dubai it's more extreme skew than in other events at I just Think you know, they need to make it consistently, you know more of an equitable sort of split across the across the tall but yes, I mean as I know a grand slams they've improved it. So it's a bit fairer but the WTA tournaments like they need to still do a bit of work on that one. But anyway, what else have we had in the WTA? We had Doha Premiere event just last week and we had Arena CyberLink up winning that one. She's actually on a bit of Roll, she's won three titles now in the last six months two of which were Premier Events. She won Wuhan last year and yeah should be covid for in the final 6-3 6-3 pretty much, you know, just massively out paid. I didn't let give it up for a kind of play her own game. And yeah, I mean very impressive from from cyber Lanka. She Dmitry tursunov was back with back with her. I think they'd had a bit of a break. So obviously that kind of spurred her on but yeah, it's just overpowered because for and another time in her in her belt. Yeah to probably two of the biggest Mike potentially most destructive women's players on a tennis court and sounds like cyber Lanka won the battle. I mean, I think of it of a beat bharti in the semifinals. Oh, yeah. Yeah, but you know, she had a you know a good a good turnout just on the day. I I think she admitted actually the to sablan could just did not enable me to pay to play my game. So yeah, but certainly to good players that will be going into Indian Wells with a bit of form behind them a doubles pairing. Also who are going to be who are going to be going into Indian Wells with a lot of fun behind them are su-wei Che shui sorry and Barbara stritzke over who are 17 and 1 on the season and they won the doubles in Doha as well, and I've actually completed the Released and sweep. So they fly and so yeah and also Che sway say she will become world number one. So as we were saying I think on an early apology note let an eviction babish and then shame transcripts were I like, you know, they keep battling out basically for the number one spot in the doubles in the moment and Shay is going to overtake my son a bitch to kind of go back to doubles number one. Well, she has done today actually, but I guess Display especially for British fans, Joe Acapulco Heather Watson has won a tournament. I know out and pleasing he is pretty fantastic. Yeah, it really really good. So it's a fourth title and actually interestingly her last one was also in Mexico but in Monterey in 2016, so it's been a long while you know, for four years since you want to try to she played Layla Annie Fernandez in the final who is you know, a very young up-and-coming Canadian player still only 17 years old. And in fact, it was a bit of a battle in the final Heather had a many came 10 much more many Magic points including five in the second set tiebreak. Yeah, so she did really well too. You know, I actually get over the line in the end be there. Yeah, I completely agree because I think the old Heather Watson would have lost that second set and then just folded in the third set, you know, 6 1 or 6. T but actually she just blew you know, she blew her opponent away in that final set of think she won it 6-1. So yeah, I think she's now back into the top 50 who knows who wears it. Where does this stock? Could she be seated for the French Open? I mean this the she's had a really good season so far going back to you know back to Hobart. And I mean, this is just almost like the icing on the cake at the moment and it's yeah, she's probably the most informed British player at the moment and even know kind of Contour is you know higher than her in the rankings, you know arguably. Well, I'm not even saying arguably had the Watson is playing the best tennis at the moment. Yeah, for sure. I think she's gone back to 49 in the rankings which you know isn't far off her career high of 38, but yeah Heather Watson is Yeah, she's in form and she I mean wouldn't it be fantastic if she could I mean it would be fantastic if she could get up to a ranking that was higher than you know, previous career best. I mean as you one of our listeners at Safari Britt posed a question to Us Joel he said, you know out of all the Brits, who do we see kind of going deeper in the slams for the rest of the year quite hard to say. I mean, I would say E for the men's side you stand re and know if I actually had to put money on a player going deeper. I would still put my money on Kyle Even though, you know, okay, Dan is currently higher ranked. I just think I'll you know has that experience of going to the semi-finals of a grand slam. He's going to put a run together and play Lights Out tenets for a week and a half. I think Kyle would end up going Other but I mean this is all depends on his like confidence as for the women again, I would I mean Heather Watson informed but if kanta could you know, she kind of we weren't expecting her to do what she did in the three slams last year. So it's very difficult. I'm on the phone. You know, who I'm I know who I'm going to go for and it's someone you haven't mentioned it's hundred percent going to be Joe Salisbury who I think this is gonna hurt. The grad subject goes. Yeah. Yeah, but certainly in the singles. Yeah, I think yeah, I think I think all eyes will be on Heather what some more so than Kanter maybe that will suit Contour. I'm not sure and on the women's side. But yeah, I think you have for me in terms of the men I'd say I'd still probably back down Evans over Kyle Epping. I just think I still think there is a little bit of frailness maybe to Edmund. You know, I think There's still I still think he's got a bit of a job to do. Whereas I think Evans is got a bit more still got a bit more consistency in a bit more formed but no, you know Edmond has won two titles on the ATP Tour like he has actually won stuff. I mean no offense to Dan but it's like an S Dan actually, I think that obviously that's his next goal isn't to win an ATP title. I know last year. He had a match points do it in I think Delray Beach and fell at the final hurdle, but I mean, yeah, it's a very in it. Mean, it's great that we having this debate about who would go further because they have couple of years, but I could just be Andy Martin literally no one else. So, you know, it's good that we obviously have other options. Okay, we are back. And yes Kim. I do have a mysterious player for you and for our listeners as well. Are you ready? I am please please go ahead who's making this on my lunch break at work and I was like great big brimming with joy while I was writing the clues so I will start you off with clue. Number one. I was born on the 29th of May 1978. Oh, okay 1978, right so they are 41 going to be 42 this year if my maths is correct. Okay. Yep carry on I can't get it from this some of these I turned Pro in 1996 and prune 1996. Nation hear it. No, he's not that old. Is he? No, he's four years younger. This is sort of similar era. It is a similar error. It is a similar way around it. Oh, those are good guess but incorrect. Okay. Okay next click next clue. I have a career high ranking of world number four. Marat safin. No, I think he was he was world number 1 and I wasn't he. Oh davydenko. It's out now. It's not davidenko. I mean, it could be a female flower. Just calm down the mailroom Tommy robredo. It's not Tommy Roberto mean your you said in your in the hundred percent in the right era and right gender. After I array1 Carlos not know that's annoying. Nope. I'll give you another clue. Sorry. I have reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open The French Open and Wimbledon Thomas Johansson know and I think he got to Wimbledon semifinals twice. Oh my gosh philippoussis and the final I've got I've got four more clues left for you. Okay evenly but uh, nope, you are snow in the right era, but it's just like not the right player. Yeah. Okay good next clue. I let by two sets to love and had a match point in the Australian Open semifinal 2001 but went on to lose in five against my compact Ariat on Oakland Mall, so he's French. And just and just add on Wikipedia this they said this was the biggest joke in history up until like two thousand and four hours or something. Oh, oh gosh. Oh, oh French Flair. Oh, I've you know Fabrice Santoro. Oh, it's not correct. It's not for every Sunday. You never got to semi-finals video. Maybe it doubles Mickey. Lord sure can't be good evening prayers. Okay. I've got a few I've got chemo. Okay. No, I was going to say Julien benneteau, but he did not get to it. I'm just I'm struggling. Okay. I've got a few more clues just kind of thing will give it these certainly I've got three more to go. I think give it away but I will give you this one. I perhaps should have given you this one first. I reached the final of Queens both in 2003 and 2004. How do you know what I when when I hear who this player is? I will be like, oh, I know that person, but I just can't and just adding to that actually, I'm pretty sure this person beat Tim Henman at Wimbledon. That wasn't the clue, but I'm pretty sure that happened. French player is this person involved in sort of media now to do they do anything. Nope. That's they are involved in tennis though. Oh, yeah. How am I not getting this person and I can bleach to named a lot of their fellow compaction. I feel like a little shout-out to your next clue. I'm sorry, but I've never French players are not my forte in December 2018. I was named French Davis Cup captain. I want to say people like e4j but he's way too old. Who is this player? Okay, I'm gonna give you the final clue. Okay. Yes, please. It's like a it's not a stat or anything. It's just I am known for wearing my baseball cap backwards on tennis court. Oh, oh, it's always oh, I just can't I can't picture his face. I just can't think of his name. He sort of got funny teeth hasn't he in the nicest possible way. Does he have something funny to eat? Jumping double handed one handed backhand. I just can't think of his name all I can picture his face. He's got a sort of dark hair, isn't he? Yes, and I don't think he would do very well in the theory is quite easy. Not that tool is his name. Yes. I can picture his face sébastien grosjean. That's it. Yeah, I can fix his face. But you know what? I wouldn't have yeah. Yeah, you've really got me. I think that's the first time like not neither of us have been able to get one so listeners, I'm sure he did a lot better than me swiftly on. Yeah. So what else has been happening off court, so we've had Maria Sharapova has announced her retirement. She did it in a Vanity Fair article. She didn't call like a media conference but announced it in in a news in a non tennis kind of publication, which I think is totally kind of like Maria Sharapova that be fair. Yeah, and you know and they were just going to release it, you know obviously felt plan to do it in that way obviously felt that she can she can go Well, I mean, we all know that you know, her shoulder injuries, you know, she was obviously coming. You know, I felt like she was on a come bat for like the last you know couple of years and it's just never it just never really materialized and yeah, she's she's called it quits with immediate effect in terms of playing tennis at the very highest at the very highest level. Yeah. I think we didn't maybe know the extent of the injury like how much pain she was actually in but yeah, it's it was kind of inevitable I suppose because Ranking had really really dropped. She wasn't she sort of 300 something in the world. You know, it just seemed like she would never kind of get back to where she was and she would have carried on she would have had to just lived on wild cards. Yeah, exactly and I don't see her slugging away, you know, I mean like WTA one to 5K event or and you know, just, you know, you can't see her in that level. Can you she's won all four grouchy. She won all four grand slams in her career. She obviously was world number one, you know, she's had a very successful career by the numbers on the tennis court, but I think you know this thing with someone like Sharapova is I think for her what she kind of brought to the tools the fact that you know tennis has you know, she was an individual that kind of almost was about, you know, the Encore performances as much as the off-court stuff as well in terms of, you know, the business, you know, the business side, you know, the fact that she Like a Harvard degree or a Harvard Business Degree or she just kind of like was an individual that I think offered a lot offers a lot more Beyond just kind of tennis essentially. Yeah, she is a personality by off the court as well, you know people who aren't necessarily into tennis know her name. So she's kind of transcended the sport and obviously earned a lot of money, you know, her career is also quite interesting because of her headband for you know, the the A substance that she sort of well, you know, it's a very difficult, you know, she was kind of shy like do you think she was taking it for many years when it was legal? It was an approved substance. She said that she was taking it for a heart condition, but it was obviously made illegal by the TT and she kept on taking it and then you know, she kind of said oh, sorry, I didn't realize you know, it was a like admin error essentially, but obviously they still gave her, you know a band and then she's never been quite the same. When she's come back from that and obviously with a shoulder injury, so it's yeah, it's been not easy and I don't really want to sort of pass judgment on that. I think but like she will be remembered and you know, she did win all four slams. And now she said, well number one also a silver medal at the Olympics which I had forgotten about and come winner. Yeah, exactly. But I think you know, it's probably a natural. She's 32. I think she's got involved in a lot of other things. I think I heard that she wanted to go and study like architecture. And you know it's time for her to do other things and I'm sure you know, she's obviously got her sugar paver business so a bit like Wozniacki, it's sort of like maybe this would have been a natural point for her to end her career now anyway, because it's time to kind of for the next stage of her life to begin. I think tone of it it feels like this is like this is the end. This is not a I will come back in a few years time like a crisis. It definitely felt like a kite. There's sort of a nice kind of finality. See to it, you know put a statement out there. Let's kind of move on. I think she's kind of said that you know, she won't be necessarily play playing tennis, but she could conceivably see herself doing something else in the tennis world. I don't know if that's kind of coaching or you know, broadcasting or whatever, but I think certainly we haven't seen the last of Maria Sharapova in the tennis world. I've just think we've seen the last of her probably playing, you know. A competitive level on a tennis court. Yeah, she could probably come back for some exhibitions. But yeah, perhaps you'll be I don't know Fed Cup captain or something in years to come but let's talk about the small players have not yet retired, but I don't know maybe we'll be in the not-too-distant future Roger Federer. He's had surgery on his knee which is ruling him out until the grass courts. So he had it I think on his right knee which has been apparently bothering him for a while and he had arthroscopic. Surgery is going to mess everything up until well beyond the French Open. So I guess you know, he'd he would seem to be struggling didn't he at the Australian Open, but I don't think he said then that it was the knee but maybe it was he just wasn't a leading to that. So he's out for a bit which is a shame. But I think it's you know, he's got to focus really on the Olympics, which is the one thing that's alluding him, you know, the gold singles medal. So the seems like a logical thing to do at a point in the season. Are you know, he's probably not too fast about the clay for example, and then Andy Murray as well still off Court still wondering what's going on with within your site. Like Federer has told us he aims to be back for the Grass Court season, but fill it with Marie. It's a lot more indefinite like it's almost like by month by month and it feels like at the moment. He's like in a real unfortunately Race Against Time to Get Fit. Wimbledon yeah, it seems like he might have to have another sort of small surgery on his hip. I think he's suffering possibly with some information as a side effect of the surgery that he had before. So I think he has to wait a couple of weeks before he knows if he can do that surgery or not. So it is a matter of waiting and seeing and I mean really hope that he's going to come back as soon as possible, but obviously He has to take it slow and listen to all the advice and you know, it would be great if we can see him on the grass. I don't know if it would be realistic to see if any time before then but it's just a waiting game frustrating but you know, hopefully he'll bounce back again as he has before and Joel. I mean there's a little bit of negative isn't it injury? So let's not a positive story injuries retirement. So yeah boss. If story Madison Keys has created a new initiative called kindness wins, which is a collaborative engine for kindness with special emphasis on kindness to self-kindness to Youth and kindness to others in times of struggle both on and off the field. So she's trying to embrace positivity and like provide a platform to kind of encourage everyone both inside and outside of the World of Sports to just kind of share and spread kindness. She did have sort of a bit of an initiative a few years ago fearlessly girl, which was sort of a needing aiming to like Empower young girls, but she's now created something new. So I think you can go to kindness wins da talk to check out more about that. But yeah, that's a nice psych positive thing that you're trying to do and the world needs more kindness and you know might sound cliché but it's true. And yeah, I think it's a really nice thing that she's doing definitely and if and hey if Madison Keys wants to come on the podcast and talk about this. Yeah, she's yeah. Yeah more than welcome to have Iran actually if any of our listeners know any tennis players and want to get there and Coke could get them on the podcast. We'd more than happily kind of cater for them. We are like looking to get more people in to tell us their stories in the tennis world and that includes getting our first-ever tennis player on who knows. We're trying we're trying at the moment. But yeah, if anyone if anyone can help out in that front, let us know you can contact us on of course on social media. Twitter Facebook and Instagram app passing shot pod. You can also email us as well passing shot POD at gmail.com will be back in around a week's time. We'll be doing a Indian Wells special preview episode looking at the fifth Grand Slam and the men's drawers and the women's drawers. So hope you can join us for that. Then remember to subscribe to us. If you really enjoyed listening to this episode subscribe to us on though on your plug podcasting. Platform of choice with that Apple podcast Spotify Google podcast, whatever you listen, and if you really enjoy the show and you're listening to us on Apple, make sure you leave us a rating and comment because we would very much appreciate that but for now, I hope you enjoyed listening to this episode, but thanks for listening and good. Bye.