What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people.Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and their funniest arguments or most divisive daily disagreements to us. The - Lee's everybody wants advice on their relationship issues, but it can be kind of risky to talk about them with your family and friends sometimes taking sides is a new podcast where you can anonymously solicit feedback on your relationship issues directly from us down and Ashley as well as from special guests from time to time will give you are unqualified advice and our thoughts with the hope that it is somewhat insightful may be helpful and definitely entertaining. So please send in your submissions to taking sides with the - Le's at gmail.com and you will be in one of our next podcasts cool. Let's go. Let's go a shiny thing that on your mind lately before we dive into some cues. I was listening to a mini-course this morning. It's on Instagram for free. It's by simply a purpose for LPG Ralphie Jacobs and she's working with this girl named Carly for knock who I would also love to have on our podcast and they were talking about how everything needs to be mutual and they were kind of talking in the respect of children, which is a whole kind of new thought that feels for in like love needs to be mutual respect like it's not just them. you respect its you also giving them as much respect as you're expecting from them space-time like Cooperation everything needs to be mutual for the relationship to be positive and I think that can easily like so easily be applied to marriage or to her or to any like intimate relationship. Everything needs to be mutual. What do you mean like you have to agree on everything? No, like I need to expect love from you and and give love to you and you need to expect it from me and give it to me and I need to expect like you need to be giving me as much respect as I'm giving to you and I need to be giving you as much kindness as you like it. Like we both need to be giving all the kindness to each other and receiving, you know, like in the parent-child relationship. It's like you need to respect me like you need you can't say those words to me. You need to be kind to me and the flip side the positive parenting kind of aspect of that is I need to be giving you respect like I need to be considerate of your weaknesses of your time of what makes you had your curb. Reina Valera age of your development of your struggles of like I need to treat you as like a friend and you need to treat me like a friend and so hopefully you see it that way with your spouse, right? There's not like a disparagement in the scale of of what is being expected and what is being given hmm. Yeah. That's really good. I'm not that you should like expect it, but maybe you should but kind of not it for a healthy relationship. It needs to be even not like you're not giving me enough. Like quid pro quo know like if you just if you think of that parent that kind of more old-fashioned conservative parent-child relationship. It's very much like well, what about what about like with couples? Well, I think it can it can be that same expectation. I think with a lot of couples there is also a disparagement you think like yeah traditionally like the man is like the well, I think I honestly think I think that's kind of like a cultural norm, but I think it really depends on the couple like I know so I know a lot of couples where It's kind of the woman expect expecting kindness and love and generosity and thoughtfulness and and space given like made around her issues. And and there's nothing given to this up to the husband or I know a lot of I've known in my life were Dynamics where it was the husband expecting that of the wife and like it's not healthy and I think in our marriage Partners, like I think it's tipped both ways, and I think a good marriage is Nice is when it when it might be tipping one way when like a person might realize oh, I'm not giving enough back like I'm expecting so much or and I'm not considerate of the struggle that my spouse has when I'm expecting him to be so considerate of mine. That's good. That's been on my mind cool. I have am having just talked with a parenting coach Ralphie Jacob. She's just talks about positive reinforcement over and over instead of bring attention to the negative behavior and saying, Don't do that. You're doing this. Don't do that. Don't do that. She says bring attention to the positive behavior. Thank you for doing that. Thank you so much for doing that that helped me here or thank you for doing this that you're like really contributing to our home. Thank you for doing this good job doing that and letting the negative behavior died of extinction because they're feeling so good over here about the things they're doing right that they want to do more of that. She's like by the way, that's not just child behavior. That's human behavior. That's human psychology that works exactly for the same for adults and it just made me Think about like am I giving you enough like positive acknowledgements and positive words positive affirmations? Our marriage therapist says there should be five to one and in fights go John gottman says it should be 20 to 1 during a fight. I've never like spun it in. I've I'm like so on board. I'm like so baptized into the parent positive parenting world and I love it and I'm like, oh for sure like, that's how it should be for children, but then when I think about Puss and when I think about the fights that we fall into almost on a daily basis, it's us really like going back and and chop back in the archaic way of parenting knowledge running out the negatives like bringing up old problems bringing up old behaviors being up old things that there have been issues and I don't know like with kids. I think I feel like we're so we're so much more, you know, like fluid like oh you did that yesterday, but today can be a great day like that was Don't worry about yesterday. Today's a new day. And I think with well, I just think with us I know with us I know with me it's like will you hurt you hurt my feelings? So badly like X number of years ago where X number of days ago or and I'm still not over that and we need like let's talk about it more and more and every time we do it's just a fight. I think we should just have a cold this week not to talk about anything negative or in the past. That's good. If there's something pressing that you really need to bring up like please bring it up. Do I just wonder about myself like being introspective do I need to bring it up? Because I feel like I haven't healed or do I need to bring it up? Because I feel like it was this great Injustice quotation mark fingers that Can never be redeemed like this stupid thought. I guess that's for you to decide for yourself. I can't decide that for you. I'm not like purposely doing that but being introspective, I'm wondering if that's what I'm doing like wondering if you feel bad enough yet about something that you've done. Oh, well, I don't feel bad enough. I'm being very introspective like wondering after talking to her today like wondering why why do I still need to heal from that? Like it wasn't this crazy thing or why? Why is that still something? That hurts me so much. What would happen? Would it be more healing for me just to move on forgive. I don't think I it's not like I haven't forgiven you. I just haven't moved on. And maybe it needs to be me who is not waiting for you to like convince me enough that that's over but it needs to be me convincing myself that it's better to move on and to just forget. I don't know. This is me being I've haven't had these mellow haven't had these thoughts before. Okay. Well as long as you're not dismissing your feelings and being honest with yourself because we don't bury emotions here, but this is me talking about Things there's also a parasite is like we've talked about so much and where my feelings are known and your feelings are known and these are like things and it's just weird like even yesterday. We got into a fight about about stuff that hasn't happened for so long and I think there's all I also think there's a fear of oh, are we back there again? Like when little phrases are said that you're not meeting it that way and I'm not meaning it that way but it reminds us of what was said. I don't see this is so vague you guys this is very cryptic we can move on but this is Inside. Okay, let's jump to some questions. Shall we insights that before like this year before kind of like getting introspective at their point out there be like we've never had yeah, like thinking about the reasons behind feelings and patterns right now. You're deciding if it's like just an injustice that you're trying to write or if it's really something you need to process further. I'm like, let me elaborate like if an injustice, I'm trying to write I think that thought like based on whatever. You have in your head. I think that thought is nuts and I hope that's not the reason for my behavior. I'm just saying is that the reason for my behavior like is that like I think it's nuts and I think it's wrong kind of like the would you rather be right or would you rather be happy type thing? Right, but maybe that is like the, you know, like shameful reasoning behind my actions that I'm not okay with that I and if that's what like what like deep down like without even me knowing that's what's happening. That's kind of like what's driving Inc this process like I want to know if that's real and I want it stopped it if it is process that and get back to me people are like what the favor like what the heck is going on between you two. Oh just like I think every marriage has these like recurring fights and sensitive spots and yeah, like like soft spots where it's like, oh don't go there. Like don't go there. No, you should go there and process it and then forgive and move on. On and grow because it's not a destination. It's a journey Ashley asked our marriage therapist. Like I don't know if we can ever get back to the happiness or the like love friendship friendship level that we were at when we first got married. We call these new responsibilities and kids and and scars and stuff like that with our marriage that have come over time. We've had so many more fights and he's like just the fact that you're talking about. It means that you're already back. It's not it's you'll never arrive quote unquote. It's not a destination. It's a journey in the fact that we're talking about. Things out in the open like we would have never already there things when we were first married like yeah, it was very much like oh, I don't wanna start something because I just want to be so madly in love Yeah work. They weren't that. We it wasn't that we were better friends. It just was that we were burying emotions and feelings are just way more like super core just like oh sure. I'll put that off for something you want to do. Yeah, cuz I love you. Lol Ah, that's the honeymoon phase for you. Yeah. So now we're I'd say we're better friends than ever because we are so more real than ever great. It's kind of like that show. I'm at it's about the imagination feelings emotions inside out. And yeah, it's kind of like like with children with babies. There's just happiness or like happiness is kind of King but as they grow like sadness moves in but that's how it should be and I think like with a marriage when you first get married happiness is King and it's like the only emotion that you're used to and the only emotion that you know how to exist with maybe that's what's going on. And like as we're growing in our marriage and getting to like the six year mark, and I know some people out there like married for like 30 years and they're like, okay calm down babies. But like maybe we're just learning how to exist with these other emotions that are present in our relationship versus before we are always like why he was so good before like we never had these issues, but maybe it was because we like all we it was a very like two dimensional situation. Yeah, very insightful. I should maybe the capability of being highly insightful. Yeah, especially after talking with Ralphie Jacobs, you know, I'm like gosh I hope joy and Sadness by the end of the movie are working hand-in-hand together and they make each other bigger that movie always ends because our kids love it. They call it the Tinkerbell movie. They think it's like the story of Tinker Bell's life because Joy looks like Tinkerbell, uh-huh. It always ends then when I don't think down and I are evolved enough to really understand it because we're like wait why why is sadness necessary and maybe one day before we die. We'll be like I I went and read like a bunch of Articles and there are some really insightful articles about like what inside out taught us about the role of sadness and why sadness is so important and I mean if you're am a Mormon second Nephi chapter 2 all about like agency and opposition and all things and the role of like you don't know the good without the bad, you know, kind of like I mean emotions are present in everyone and you shouldn't try and hide them or bury them or throw them into the like Lake of core memories like what's wrong with it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like there's at like sadness for joy to for joy to exist to truly exist you need to experience and process sadness and and embrace it and you don't have to stay there but like just like just like the I was at a funeral once and I somebody said something really insightful. He said It's good that we're so sad because that means we really knew him when he was alive. And we really had some great times and had a lot of Joy when he was alive. If we weren't sad, that would be the real sadness because we never really got to know such a great man. I think the like Joy learns and I think everyone learns that just because there is sadness or memories of sadness doesn't inhibit your ability to for joy to exist. I think maybe with our marriage being very insightful right now. We still kind of cling to that belief that if there is sadness or if there is like hard times or anger or greed like all these emotions that live inside of Riley. Uh-huh that Joy cannot exist gust. Oh, yeah, there's five core emotions. Yeah, and I think we kind of get lost in this place where I like well if we're feeling this and this and this Maybe we can never have joy. And like like we would just shut the door on Joy before Joy can even Joy is in the absence of sadness Joy is joy is right. Like I'm about to say something prophetic just like the presence of these emotions in our relationship doesn't put joy into Extinction. Yeah, and I think something is going through it together is probably true Joy right there. Yeah anything for like two people like us who are kind of like learning how to not be ashamed of emotions outside of joy. It's hard to really believe that and like walk that path of it's okay that we have sadness in her marriage and it's okay that we have anger in our marriage and it's okay that sometimes people are selfish or greedy like Joy can still exist and we can still I think Joy isn't Joy. Yeah, we can still have joy is existing in the moment and processing it being there for the other person and saying like we got this we're doing this together. We're on a journey. It's not a destination and I think I don't know. I don't think you can only have joy because I think if you're like we need to only be joyful you start feeling like buried like Riley. It's like the movie you guys need watch that show with your kids that's going to go back and watch it. Now. We're gonna be like, oh, I've never thought of it that way like a marriage being like as full of emotions as a person is like the relationship as its own thing like as its own like So entity Spirit Soul interesting Manuel shoot. Let's wrap up the podcast right there. No, it's just kidding. We have some good questions sent in from you guys. We're going to get into them right after a break from our sponsors. Thank you so much to our sponsors. We are supported by couple things with Sean and Andrew. This isn't just any Jean Andrew. This is Shawn Johnson former Olympic gymnast and NFL player Andrew East get ready to laugh and cry as you hear some of their most embarrassing and vulnerable stories. On the couple things with Sean and Andrew podcast some of their previous episodes include exclusive interviews with guests like Kaitlyn. Bristowe Jason tardik, Sadie Robertson and Christian Huff. You can listen to a couple things with Sean and Andrew podcast on Spotify or wherever you listen to your favorite podcast. Hey guys big thank you to anchor for sponsoring this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way to make a podcast and it's what we use. Let me explain it's free. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right? Um your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with ads like these with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started big. Thank you to Spotify for sponsoring our podcast on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account. Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including ours taking sides the marriage podcast on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for taking sides the marriage podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us so you never miss an episode of Taking sides the marriage podcast. Okay. This first one is called. It's a marriage counseling question. Okay for Megan. Thank you Megan for sending this in let's see first off. I want to say that I love you guys. I have seen every one of your videos and enjoy getting updates about your whole family. Wow, we've made like how many videos now more than 300 there. Is there hundreds out there? That's so cool. Okay, my husband and I were married back in July. Kim engage after eight months of dating in April 2000 19 we weren't planning on getting married until October of 2020 by grandmother became sick and was quickly coming to the end of her life. We decided to rush up our wedding both happily and eloped in her hospital room. Wow, that is so special with only our immediate family in attendance. You know what I feel like one at least for down and I like we were engaged a very short time. But as soon as we were engaged it felt like we were married. It's yeah because you're just like, I mean like our bank accounts worst thing. Push together at that point but it's just like you might or I buy like, it doesn't matter if you like. It feels like you're married the second you decide to be married. Yeah, it does. Okay. My question goes with this next part my husband and I have a wonderful relationship, but we're still early on in our relationship. We have normal arguments and Road bumps in our in our relationship that we both talk through and find a solution together. I am a firm believer in therapy, especially for couples and I would love to go to couples therapy together and I don't think my husband would mind it but Issue is we can't afford it. What would you recommend for a young couple that wants to grow and strengthen their relationship? It can't necessarily afford couples therapy at this time in the relationship. Thank you so much. And I hope to hear back from you too PS take a trip to North Carolina so I can meet y'all. This is kind of been on our hearts and as we've been going to therapy we've gotten so many emails from so many of you saying I wish I could go but I can't afford it and then it's kind of like everything is lined up in talking to our therapists and getting to know him. He's kind of talked about like I just got a Tell you guys the backstory here. Like I prayed at me and Ashley were really struggling for bit. And I prayed to like I was like, holy father. Please leave me to a good therapist our area like the right one for us and I was just clicking through websites and I just felt good about this one Craig and so when I met with him and turns out he's been more than a great therapist. He also has interests in going into therapy like as his own practice rather than through like a another business and doing doing it virtually. Podcast and making his own podcast and making courses and he wants to partner with us to make a course. And so one answer to your question I would be is to listen to our course as soon as it's out. It's in the process of being made right now and we partner with Craig he's going to be like the experts thought leader this into our course that's already out that's going to be out soon. Okay? Yeah, and so that's not out yet. Our goal is before this year is over and have this course made for you guys. I would also until then what I was going to say email us like email us what What you would want in the course, like what would be helpful for you and your spouse please do taking sides with the - lose at gmail.com. Please tell us what like what you would want in a course like the our idea is that it's going to be like the course that everybody wished like the course that we wish we had before we were married, of course like the course that I don't know like we wish we've had we just had her mind blown so many times like why in the hell did I not know this? Yeah why you must see my whole life and I am so bad at this like how Cannot connect with my husband like why why do I even struggle connecting with people and like and I think so many people are like, I have a really hard time making friends or I have a hard time connecting our I connect with people but I have a hard time communicating. What is connect even mean. How do we like grow up a posse have good communication. What does that even mean and are like so many people say it's also hard to communicate and we went to therapy and it was finally someone found a formula. Yeah. It's finally someone saying this is how you communicate like this. Is how you be a friend? This is how you validate someone like you literally have to say it this way and and like shut up right there and like yeah, that's how you wish don't say this. This is how you you show that you care like all these things that it's so funny like we as humans like we grow up and these are still Mysteries to us. Well at least for us, I mean, I hope this is sound like we're bashing our parents like know I think both have great parent. I know so many people like I know like I listen to so many things. More like what you glean from society and school and how you think friendships are made and maybe you had a beautifully emotionally intelligent and have had amazing. I don't feel like more people than not struggle with it. I think so many people are naturally gifted at this and then so many people might be like you and we're might just be figured out on accident like might be like me where they struggle with these things. He's like roadblocks to just really like connect with each other. Uh-huh and two, I don't know not anyway, you know, Out of if it's not going my way like then I losing versus I want it to go our way. Like I want to to concede some things and to have something so that like we can be this unit moving forward together versus me bugging to go this way and him talking to go that we learn what it means to actually be a partner rather than two different people trying to live their own lives while appeasing the other person that you're stuck with. Yeah, like tell him I mostly have and I think there's so many people out there who mostly have it like we're committed Not getting divorced like work, we're super committed but like in that commitment, we feel like there's a lacking connection and that is what we're learning at therapy. And so this course we want it to be like usually marriage therapy is between a hundred a hundred and twenty hundred fifty dollars per hour long session. And so just if you can it all budget for that, it is such a good investment for the Whole rest of your life, right? We're not the whole rest of your life. See it as a doctor's appointment see it as a dentist's appointment see it as your part of your groceries like it is so so helpful. So if at all possible invest don't see it as an expense see it as an investment with humongous dividends and secondly gosh we should really try to get better help.com has a sponsor for this podcast because if they're sponsoring big little Life podcast, they Have a 10% discount for better help. It's an online big big online website where you can find a therapist and just chat with them over the phone or FaceTime or Google hangouts or anything and I'll put the link in the show notes for that. I don't have it right off the bat or you can go listen to Big little life and they are on one of the episodes. Sorry. This isn't helpful. It's very we're also getting in this podcast if you want to take advantage of that right now, but our therapist Ashley he also I don't have all the information on this we can share this today. In one of our next podcast after we talked to him he is open to over the phone coaching and we're helping him set up a website right now. And as soon as that's all set up week, like he's going to be taking clients over the phone which is and I think he already does I don't we can figure out his prices and we can put them out there in his contact information if anyone was just need a whip up a website for him because I seriously like he's so good and it's been so insightful and helpful for us and so like I'll pitch our own marriage therapist all day as long as you guys Don't take up so much time that we can't meet with them anymore. Okay, so, um, it's so so I guess the answer is see it as an investment. If it all possible, please invest in this because it has the biggest dividends of any investment you'll really ever make because marriage is a lifelong thing sometimes depending on your religious beliefs and eternal thing second part of that. We are thinking of you guys and we hear when you like are asking us these questions and we feel so blessed that we can make therapy a part of our life and there were times Times in our marriage where it was not an option like it just truly wasn't so and we totally get that. We are making a course and we're helping our therapist set up a platform where he can take calls and I don't know this but I think like calls are usually at a less of a rate than yeah. Well, of course, you know what he wants to charge because he's definitely worth his money and we'll give that to all of you and then thirdly as soon as this course is out. We want it to be priced. So you'll get So much for your money. We want it to be the price of like less than two regular therapy sessions where you'll learn so much will also recommend books to you in the course. I recommend if you right now the self centered marriage by how Runkle and eight dates by John gottman. A Deeds has changed Darlin. It dates so good. It's just eight crucial conversations it I just know like he's read it and it's all he talks about is just eight conversations about the most common things that people fight about and divorce over its eight. Comic guides you through these eight quote-unquote dates go on a date and have this specific conversation and it guides you through the whole thing gives you suggestions for what to do on the specific date and gives you good principles to follow eight dates by John gottman. So so good. Another thing this is literally and maybe it's just because down and I have issues with this or maybe this is what he tells everyone but every time our therapist and I was like, we've part ways he challenges us and we're still not doing it as regular is as we should but he says before you leave Like before you part ways if you and your spouse are together ever before you part ways ask them what their feelings are. How are you feeling? Like? What are you struggling with right now? He says you should know about 95% about what they're feeling like every morning before you leave your bedroom every night before you fall asleep have a ritual where he even does it he's engaged and he does it this with his fiancee and they call each other every night without fail and say, okay. Tell me your top three feelings about your day coming home. You feeling or just on the phone when he's like driving. He said he was talking her once. He's like tell me how you're feeling and she's like are you going to play therapist with me? And he's like no, I just really want to know how maybe I am. I don't care. It's life skills. It's not just therapy. You know, it's not this little in a box type thing. It's life skills. It's marriage skills. Tell me how you're feeling, you know and just actually just let that be the conversation starter and talking about your feelings. So do that. There you go Megan literally, all our therapist is not literally but like that is what don't I have a real Time being vulnerable with our emotions even to each other and it's ridiculous and we don't know why we have these like huge roadblocks inside of ourselves where I'm like, oh, I don't want to bug him with my emotions and on downside. It's more like I think my emotions aren't valid like Dallin thinking that of himself and that's I think I don't want to bug people with my emotions more of myself. Like I don't want I don't they won't like me if they know I feel this way. Like I'll be considered like crazy or weird. Yeah. That's what I think is going to be so valuable in our course is because it's going to be combined with solid teaching from a marriage certified marriage therapist combined with conversate real conversations between him and us to we're going to be the real we're going to be like the quote unquote couple of the of the course. We will be having our official we're having real conversations about these things and expressing our real issues and Craig giving us his real real small like like legitimate professional advice. And so What is going to be the real value in the course and I think will be make it different than any other course is that instead of it's just somebody spouting off everything that they know which is good. But it's going to be combined with us having a real conversation about it and us being the real couple going through things the heart one of the scariest things about a therapist for me was like It's like shopping for a friend to tell them things. You've never told any very very deep things that you probably never told want to find someone who you like. And who and who is the personality of a person who you feel comfortable talking with and just because he's going to start offering these like online coaching sessions are over the phone coaching sessions as he comes on our podcast and you guys can get to know him and as he we have this course, I'll just have the same therapist together. I know but like I think it's such that was my Sphere like I don't know who this person is, like what if they're just like what if I think there's so much power in like kind of it's like wide Alan and I would take couples out to ice cream before if they inquired for us as wedding videographers. Like we were just like, you know, what like let's not even talk about money like you guys just kind of like an ice cream with us get to know us. I'm going to be little in the room with you and your best friends and your mom getting ready for the biggest day of your life. Like let's make sure you like me and I like you. I wish more therapist had like an online course that you could listen to him. Like oh, I really resonate with this person. I know that's why Craig and like I will I will I will like promote Craig all day because he is so so good and he deserves all the success and he deserves not to be tied to like a like an organization that he has to pay a big chunk of his earnings down in our like let us give you wings give you wings Craig like we have like a community here that would like value you so much like we want to help him build his own business and not have to give any of it to like a what a what would you call it like an organization that he's just Art of he needs to be Craig Baker LLC Corporation. Okay. Anyways Megan hopefully that was helpful and good luck. Sounds like you're on a great path already with the unit has been sound like you're already building a strong Foundation of communication. And that's awesome that you're both open to therapy already in so early on your marriage and that's great that you want to lay that Foundation. All right, let's head to the next one - this one is called Boomer communication. We got an email from a boomer. Sounds like cool. We love Boomers. Hey Darlin baby boomer. So what you yeah, it's kind of like millennial. Boomer you know baby boomer. I think my mom is a baby boomer. Yeah, I think so too. I think she's on the like end of the Baby Boomers. Uh-huh. I don't know if that's what she's getting at, but maybe it is I love to read your communication Boomer you guys. Hey down Ashley. I just started watching you guys a few months ago. And I love watching you uplifting videos you guys seem to really have a grasp on finding joy and purpose for your family. Well, thank you very much. I'm a 35 year old Mom married with three kids. My husband's parents are here in town where we live to see the kids. And us more frequently than my parents do their her pair. So her in-laws are in town and they seem to it seems like they are part of their lives more than her parents. Okay, so maybe okay, so it's because she's 35. I don't know if that's a Boomer yet. Maybe it's because it's going to be about her parents. Okay, just a little background my parents divorced several years ago. My mom recently married and moved away where her new husband and his two kids live my dad lives in town, but our relationship has always been strained. He also remarried someone who works for a company. He now works for and they're quite busy with travel and work for her family. Okay, so my question is or rather. My problem is that both of my parents reach out more over social media almost like stalker frequently then on the actual phone, I did block my dad for a while in hopes that he would try to reach me by texting or calling but nothing changed. Also my family has only gone over to my dad and his wife's house one time an entire year. We only get invited on his birthday. This is very odd to me and I don't know how to broach. Watch the topic without sounding needy or rude. Well, I would say do you only have to go you only get to go over when you're invited her. Can you like do you have the relationship you may be? Yeah, I like I just call my mom up and be like hey want to come over and she's like sure but some it might just be depend on the ratio, but don't feel like all right, I guess my default. Maybe you shouldn't feel like you can only go out when you're invited, but maybe that's just your Dynamic. Anyways, how do I tell my parents to call me or text me back and back off the lazy Social Media communication? I tried texting them about every day, but they don't seem to be catching on to reciprocate. Usually I get articles via text from my dad about history or religion. And that's it. It sucks to because they don't seem to be making having a relationship with my kids much of a priority. How do I help communication to grow without having to do it all myself. Thanks and thank you for all you guys do to brighten other people's lives much love Anonymous my going to say what's kind of like sticking out to me and the seems like a very like Complicated situation and I totally get complicated situations. So, but what's sticking out to me is it seems like your parents are struggling to communicate, but it also seems like they're showing interest and maybe they just don't know how to be vulnerable enough to call or connect or I don't know like I'm not really a phone person. I have like major anxiety when people call me. I don't know where that comes from the lake. I like not answer and text them back. I have like four people in my life where I'm like, holy answer the phone are like all even call them like but most people I don't call because I'm like, I don't know if they want to hear from me. I don't know what I'm going to say. And if you kind of have like a relationship that's not as close as you want it to be like a phone call can be a really intimate form of communication. This is coming from like me the person who struggles in social situations even phone calls, uh-huh it but it seems like they are Interested in you and so maybe just meet them at their level. Like if social media is how they can communicate with you if they're doing that in a positive way. Maybe just do that and maybe that's like yeah, that's what they're most comfortable with and I she didn't say specifically how they're reaching out. Is it like they post on your Facebook page because that's kind of weird because everybody sees it but if they're like messaging you there's nothing different than attacks if it's in liking your pictures they are liking them and as far as your dad we have it's just that then I would want more communication. Oh, no, totally more but like meeting them there just like in WhatsApp or or Facebook messenger. That's just as good as texting my book. Yeah, I don't know if they're just like commenting on a picture. It's it is like a kind of like backed off form of communication. Yeah, but maybe like meet them there and comment back or I don't know. Like I saw you liked my picture like next time. Do you want to come with us when we go there and I know they're really busy, but even just an invitation. Someone said to me the other day. We were talking to Jenna's kitchen Jenna ramble on our podcast. little life and she said like sometimes it's too much for her when like the power of saying no to things if you're too busy and maybe your parents are too busy. But she says I still appreciate you know, like be letting me know the positive reinforcement. There we go. He's getting a positive reinforcement even though she's saying no and like you said just even though I have to say no to this. I really appreciate you reaching out or sending a funny text or just letting me know you thinking to me that means so much even though I can't go right now. Maybe your parents aren't in aren't like there where they can verbalize that but maybe they're feeling that and if you reach out enough, maybe one day they'll reach back out to Be like she's invited us so many places like let's invite her over because because we love her. It sounds like your dad. I mean like this all sounds like, you know, like kind of like connection that you're not really longing for like you want to like talk about him to be interested in you and to be interested in your kids and it feels like he's not because all he's sending you are these like these articles articles and about history and religion which is kind of like a won't walk if you're not into that. Yeah, but essentially he's he's saying I thought of you and I I'm trying to connect his own way and he is connecting like he's putting out a little finger or a hand and saying like what do you think of this? Like, what do you think of and he loves this stuff? It sounds like so maybe I know you want to connect with your kids and you want to connect on like their interest in your family and maybe that's not there and that hurts like that that really does hurt. But maybe you can start with what he's giving you and read these articles and then call him and talk to him about me. Like this was really interesting or text him. Maybe figure out what he really likes like really likes. Like what is he if he's really into the Civil War like find a Civil War Museum and be like me and the kids are are going to this. There we go. Do you want to come with us and or like you seem to know so much about this like we're having dinner tonight and in like Tommy's learning this in fourth grade right now. Can you come in like he has some questions for you about this for a report and answer them for him or like something like really try and create something. I like I say these things Things but like if I were in your position, I would just mostly feel hurt and sad and tired to get okay that you said how do you broach the topic without sounding needy or rude? Like you will never sound needy or rude? If you're just saying how you feel? Maybe you will through their interpretation, but that's just their own problem if they're putting that on you if you'll never be in trouble for sharing your own feelings, at least you shouldn't be in trouble if you like Dad. I just want you to know like lately. I've been feeling like I miss you or I feel sad that my kids don't really Show you as much as as much as I wish they did and that just makes me a little sad and I just wanted wanted to express that to you and Ike I know I can't control you but I just know that I miss you and our family misses you and we would be so glad to see or hear a little bit more from you. You could start leave it leave it at that you could start some traditions, like maybe they're kind of funny about people at their house. Maybe they're very clean or they don't have like lots of stuff. That's not kid-friendly and I don't even know like maybe it's like a house thing and they don't like visitors. hours You could just start some you could make your house be the Gathering Place and be like, hey Dad if Dad and Mom can't be together. I don't know what their relationship is. You could do separate things, but you could be like, hey Dad, like I really want it's my goal this year to just make family a priority and I want you to be a part of our family. I think that relationship with me and my kids is so amazing and I want them to know you and to know that they can go to you and that they have a grandpa who will hear them and we'll listen to them and will love them. I want to do dinner at my house once a month. Like what's a good day for you? Can you do that? Like I'll make everything I'll do everything. I just want you guys to come over and and and we're having a game night if they're into games like I don't even know what they're into but like or having a barbecue every night every once a month like and we want to make this something that we do once a month last year flew by and we didn't see you guys hardly at all and I just want to like put something on the calendar so we can all play on it and get together. There we go, and hopefully those are some good good tips. Get some Like principles about sharing your feelings and and not like really controlling or anything on the table. Just showing how you feel and leaving it up to them. And it's really hard though. She'd that way like I've had friends. I don't know. I have this like bad habit of making not bad habit. Like I love my friends, but I seem to make friends with people who don't need quality time as much as I need it like other things do it for them and I've been thinking about it a lot. I like a why do I do this? Like, why do I why? Other people I love the most people who like do not speak my love language and I don't know how to get around it. I'm trying to like figure out how to like Blossom those relationships or find more fulfilling ones somewhere else. I'm like trying to figure that out. So I feel like I'm kind of in the same boat as you and I don't know like I don't know how to make someone value My love language who doesn't value it, huh? I don't know. It's just hard. Maybe you just reach out and you're like, hey, I'm just express your feelings. You need to be like what our therapist would say. Let me No, Jenna said this the other day like look when like if she's reaching out to someone like let me know if this is becoming something that is just like a burden or annoying to you. Like I want to keep reaching out to you. And if this if this at least it helps you feel loved by me and helps you know that I still want to be your friend. Like I'll keep reaching out forever because I value our relationship so much, but if you're like and maybe you're just in a time in your life where there's not time for me, that sounds harsh. But like let me know. If you want me to stop reaching out and I will kind of like the let's get real here. Let's not play. Yeah, it does. I'm telling this my I reach out to you so much and I don't hear a lot back and I'm hearing this story in my head that you don't want me to reach out. This is the story. I'm telling myself in my head not protecting anything on to them. Just saying how you feel like I want to keep reaching out. But let me know if this is something you want me to stop and they might be like, oh my gosh worth of worst. We need to go over. Yeah, but you'll never like you shouldn't offend anybody just by saying how you feel and as long as I live Keep I'm not projecting things onto them. Just saying the story. I'm telling myself in my head the feelings I get when this happens to me not even saying when you do this to me, like the next step is just saying when this happens to me in general, you know, like the third this is all very preachy like it becomes like when I'm like me saying this to someone in my family or Downs Family who I don't have a great relationship with or who I want more from gives me like hives and anxiety like to say that to say to someone Gosh, I really wish you would come over more. Is there is there a reason why you're not like would you want to come over more? Like do you value this relationship or like what can I do to like grow cool like I don't even know like I don't think I would ever say that I would kind of go about more roundabout way, which is probably the wrong course to go by liking one of their Facebook for liking their Facebook photos and being like, oh I saw you I went to a cake class. I love cake classes, even though I like have never been there like we'll do that together start with something little orange. Like see what they're interested in being like Oh my gosh. I just read an article on that. I'm so interested in that like can can I go with you next time you do XYZ. They probably like sure like, I'm gonna be there anyways, like Hey, Dad, I know you go to like motorcycle races all the time. Like Tommy wants a motorcycle when he next year for his birthday, but I don't know if I'm into that like, can I come with you to the next motorcycle race you go to Sweet. Okay. That was a really good answer a she be like, well don't expect him to act like the dad. You've always wanted him to be or the mom. You've always wanted her to be just try and be their friend because maybe they're not capable or ready or have their own internal reason. Maybe they have a different idea of what the Dad you need is then the idea you have of what the Dad you need is so just training like be their friend drop labels. This is way down and I got verbally divorce but keeping all live like become verbally emancipated from your parents before you like they're okay, like they're not my parents anymore. They're just these two people who I want to have a relationship. It's like drop the expectation of you're like a terrible Grandma your terrible mother like step up your game woman and just be like, I just want to be your friend. What can I do to be a better friend to you again? This is what we preach and not essentially what we practice but it's what we want to practice as easy does hard. Yeah. All right. Good luck. We love you guys. It's not up to us verbally divorce. We did do that. We did. I don't know if I would recommend but I think dropping labels and it's like really helps. Like I just want to be your friend being your friend feels different than being your daughter, you know, like it feels different. There's different expectations. You kind of see them where they are. You're just living where you wish they were. Yeah and like feeling like you got the short end of the stick in the relationship it becomes everyone has their own stick. Boom write that down and then there's a realistic put that on our wall and vinyl letters. Okay. Love you guys. Have a great rest of your day.