Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to beBack, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do the work and then you come home and it's already dark so you go to bed. Yeah exactly. I mean it makes perfect sense. I mean if you think about it, like what else you going to do at 2:00 in the morning? Well, that's a 95 woke up. We were in Sweden. And and so it was light all the time. So what else are you going to do? But go out. I mean, yeah, that's a really good point seasonal depression. It's a real thing here. It's crazy. Oh really? Yeah, it's awful. It's bad. Yeah, it's okay Matt. You can call me anytime. This is already this already episode is already flying high everybody who's listening to this is like is this an MLs preview this just sounds it's like it's like how to cope with living in Sweden. Hey, that would make an interesting podcast on it. On honestly dude, I think I think you should do that. I think I just gave you an idea. This is the new map ostrowski podcast how to how to cope living in Sweden. I'm sure everyone at your Club is going to love that there and I'm sure we're throwing it in his face living in La I know look at the sun the sun just emanating timing through your window there and like it. What is it? It's okay, dude. Yeah, I think about 80 degrees speaking of speaking of good things. Thank you. Everybody who's been writing reviewing And subscribe to the podcast. We're close to 300 reviews. Wide absolutely phenomenal you guys have just been absolutely amazing killing it. Remember, please please please leave your social media handle Instagram or Twitter when you leave a review that way we can send you a prize. We can follow you back all that sort of jazz. And by the way, if anybody out there who has not left a review and we see literally everybody who downloads the podcast and who follows the podcast nuts not that's more than 300. So there's a lot of people out there that I'm not I'm not that happy with I think they I think they need to step it up because honestly, Guys, I'm assuming you're happy with them for that. So I'm happy with that. But the thing is is that the bit way more people find us is by leaving a review because then we move up those charts, you know, and if in your country you're wondering why why inside the 18 is in the top 10 soccer podcasts, maybe because you didn't leave her if we're not I'm guilt tripping them what and our country we are but obviously maybe in Sweden. I don't know where we are in slapstick tonight will be in Sweden. Well after absolutely after tonight, we'll be in Sweden. All right, let's get to some of these reviews guys because these are these are pretty awesome. This is somebody that you may be familiar with and it's a dog. It's a dog barking and it is and it goes a loved episode 102 exclamation point hey guys, love what you're doing. Saskia Weber recommendation to listen in I played for Jill Ellis at UCLA is a feel player now, I'm watching my 13 year old daughter Morgan on her goalkeeping journey. She trains with Neil Thompson, especially loved episode 102. So nice to have this as a tool to listen and learn about goalkeeping perspective and pass along to my kids. Great stuff at Sarah J Farnum. Wow. What a great ringing. Oh, hey Sarah. How are you? Yes, I do know and did I tell you her husband was a UCLA basketball players? Well, I am quite familiar. I actually went to basketball camp with Sean Farnham. I was wait what I did I went to basketball camp with Sean. Yeah. He will everybody like that's a drop the mic because we all know that he's like, he's like sigh height challenged. That's what we've decided to go. I love it a point guard. Yes. I was a point guard. Guard and and will and Sean was a one of the older kids at the camp and I was one of the younger kids at the camp and we all looked up to him because you know, he was this big-time recruit and yeah, and he was in from the local area and all that stuff and the best part about that story is that actually came up to Steve Lavin at the time who was the UCLA head basketball coach and I asked him what it takes to get recruited to UCLA because that's where I want to play basketball be a gymnast. He literally looked at me and he was like Mmmm Yeah. I don't know Gino some d3s. No great family. Thanks. I love that. You guys are tuning in Morgan's got an amazing future in front of her we so keep it up. All right, let's get to one of these are listener questions right here. This one comes from at that Arab keeper also known as probably going to butcher this Muhammad rocky rocky knee Muhammad Ragini. I'm going to try to hope that that is so Muhammad. If I butchered that, please let me know. I want to know the actual pronunciation and here goes like this my question David de had best like you're laughing too. All right. Eddie had one of the best Premier League campaigns ever in 2017 18 when he prevented an additional 14 goals based on opt has XG model. Wow. This guy is legit. He's now Joe and backstop man you to second in the Premier League since then, he's seen a significant drop in performance with seven Premier Li at errors committed since the start of the 18 1960 season seven errors. Yeah. My question is well what's behind his dip in performance? Is it just a symptom of getting? Older did a technical change impact his performance. Is it just bad luck? All right. So I'm going to leave the too opinionated people here to battle this out right here. Who wants to start Matt you want to start? Yeah. Sure first off. Shout out to Muhammad. He he's actually goalkeeper analyst himself puts out some great stuff on Twitter lots of dialogue with him. So good question Muhammad's yeah, you know, I've been thinking about this a lot and I think yesterday I was kind of sitting down and and really looking into the last couple Seasons with United. I think a lot of it if you look at Marino's arrival when he came in 2016, obviously him as a tactician and Coach. He's very very conservative Place super defensive 2016 17 and then 17 18. They gave up the least goals in the league. I think it was 28 and 26 or somewhere around there and then obviously when he leaves everything changes and soul Shire is obviously a Watch different manager. They're trying to play bit more of attacking brand of football and he obviously gets he gets punished for that as the goalkeeper, you know, so I think that plays a role and then of course, I mean all of us is goalkeepers, we know what the mentality is like and we know what it's like to go in and out confidence and I mean very clearly he's for me. It's a it's a mental thing more than anything physical, you know, because if they think technically he's still really really good you Look at the saves even yesterday that he made the Futsal safe you made late in the game tremendous, you know, if he's well, they get the Savory he made right after the damn right Afghan the lower to the lower left. Absolutely great save, correct and trust me. I'm not on its page, but I'll I think I think you brought up the best point right there. And I think a lot of people have to take that in consideration. Is that Mourinho system was set Up for dahiya to succeed and especially after he bitched and moaned like I can say that on the podcast about Franz hook and I think that I get it that you know, the system might not be set up for him. But the mistakes that we're seeing made our lack of lack of focus like the kick yesterday was a lack of focus like how much time did he need on that? He had an open player to off to his right and everything and you're telling me he didn't see that player. There was nobody else on the Field all right in front of him and he pings it off it goes in the goal and look we make mistakes. We all make mistakes as goalkeepers. Trust me. You know, I'm not I've never made mistakes. I remember I was number two, but I think that I think it's a great goalkeeper. I do I think Is a little bit of arrogance there and I think it showed itself in the amount of time. He took yesterday to take that to take that Touch. Look around look around and picking that ball like that. That was like come on. How much time do you need now? What would your thoughts on that ball yesterday? Yeah. No, I totally agree. I mean it's without a doubt. It's a lack of focus. I think it's just one of those times when you put the ball down you have your attention elsewhere. And of course, it's early in the game. You shouldn't be losing your focus that right exactly. But I I mean granted he refocused. Yes. He did. He absolutely did. Yes. He has well when we all after that, okay, I won't ask you guys. I want to have you ask you guys a question right here Kappa dahye a both tips and form both not playing the greatest obviously kept a lost his starting spot to Caballero at she'll see who's in a worst run of form. It's not even close its Kappa. It's Kappa. Yeah day is fun. Okay. No, he is fine. The hay is absolutely fine to me to hit is still very much a top five seven goalkeeper in the world. Yes. The reason this dip looks severe is because how good he was for those couple of years just because the standard that he had said was absolutely incredible and how many times he was saving United countless times over and oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, so of course that that plays a role that's a factor. He's will you go from that mentality to knowing that he's always there for years and years and years and making the big saves and like it was never a question about the mundane and the little things and now like we come up with like you're making little mistakes you make the big saves but it's the little ones that are going in which he never had a problem with so it was like always Stellar always solid making and then making the one or two. You just saved you have to make all right, let's move on into MLS because this David Haye thing. I mean look, I mean, we just posted second. We post this episode. They'll be 45. Everyone's got an opinion when it comes to bringing David. Hey, let's go a little bit into MLS here. We got this question from my at John Hollinger 27, and actually John was playing and I believe he was playing in Sweden. I don't know if Matt you ever came across John it was a touch base one or two times through Twitter. Oh nice. So yeah, try try to kind of touch base. Sometimes it's harder than others. You only have select time that you can kind of reach out to people. But obviously I have a sympathetic heart for everybody who's you know, grinding away and trying to make it? Yeah. No, I mean we met him at the Baltimore Convention seem like a really cool guy. I think even trained with Omar one of those days while he was out there and you know, as you know, it's a tough road and you know, honestly you just got to keep grinding us-ascii knows I mean, you know, she went through for how many years years Ha ha ha 10 years 10 years. I mean man. I am and World Cups in Olympics. That must be nice. All right, let's uh, let's get the John's a question right here goes to the three most underrated goalkeepers in MLS and why and I want to I want to start off with Matt because of Matt is is the goalkeeping guru for the athletic have to keep plugging that right there and I really want to know you're a nice man. Yeah. I think the athletic is definitely going to be a heaven to pay you a little bit of a salary. There's a strap and a half to do that. There is no giving podcast on the athletic just say no I know and that's definitely something that we're free agents. Yeah. Yeah, this is hard because I think in my opinion American goalkeepers, they're just under valued even in MLS. I think they're obviously are guys who get their opportunity, but Majority of the time teams try to look abroad just for whatever reason so I think there's any kind of number of goalkeepers that you can say underrated for me. I I top three are Zach McMath at RSL really quick. I want you just sat do you feel that the days are over when it was the other way around when you know, the EPL everybody else used to look to America and only people they would pool were goalkeepers Kasey Keller Brad fiedel and so, you know Tim Howard and stuff. Oh now it's now. It's not there anymore. Yeah, and actually another plug for the athletic everyone article. I think last year just talking about why maybe that is the case with American goalkeepers and I think it largely kind of has to do with the change in the way that the game is played now where what is valued for the American goalkeeper just being supremely athletic incredible shot Stoppers vocal kind of like the bare minimum. You have to just do so much more and you know, it's not that the Americans aren't good at that. I mean you see Zack Stephen like he's dead, but I just think we don't have those same type of guys anymore that we once did. No, I agree. I agree. We're on the same page. So I want to I want to bring up a couple guys personally that I have feelings about I mean and then we'll get back to Zach real quick question Westberg. At Toronto, you know who went out the jaw Buzz the number one last year took him down my last cup, you know, I knew he'd been slogging at it for lack of better term slogging it around in and League do in France, which is not slogging it. Obviously. It's a very very high level as well too for quite a while and I think you know, one of the issues with Quentin was probably they just people people thought he was a little under sized for the position, but I think he's quick. I think he's decisive. I think he's good with his feet. I think he's confident when we're talking about that confidence. Such as a goalkeeper and I think he's undervalued in MLS. I think a lot of people don't even consider the fact that Toronto made that entire run because he had a lot of Great Performances for that monster. Yeah, definitely know that that's great shout. I mean, he really earned I think a new contract this offseason. He totally earned its I mean, he outperformed the think he was on the league minimum, you know keeping Alex Bono on the bench, you know, who obviously a lot of people in the US soccer Circle viewed him is one of the feature contenders for the Team number one and now he's been residing to the bench from also last season. So I mean, I definitely agree. I saw your list you can keep keep going. I saw it too Sasuke's not too. All right. Well you just posted about him today actually on your Twitter and you brought up Steve's Clark and you know, I think he's one of these guys who just as always been undervalued despite the fact that he gets a little bit of claim every once in a while a lot of it is Portland's a small Market. A lot of people don't really pay attention to Portland until it gets to the The playoffs some unless you're in the Pacific Northwest and that big rivalry between Vancouver Seattle and Portland, but I think you know, this is a guy that as you're familiar with him because you know, he was obviously playing, you know overseas for quite a long time came back over here. He's consistent. He's patient. He's clean with his distribution. He recovers quickly from error which you know Sasuke and I we actually talked about that yesterday is that's a really huge strength for a goalkeeper somebody that's willing to understand they made a mistake and then recover quickly in the In the moment. Yeah, I'm not talking about the hair. No no in the moment, like my thing. I always say to my Keepers is okay. You mean you made one mistake in the moment. Don't make a second. Okay, so don't like the thought process was like a through ball that you didn't close space for that got to the attacker. So you waited until it got to the attacker and then your next decision after you didn't close the space in the interim is to just make up for that time and run at them typical goalkeeper, and I'm like you just Don't follow up the first Mistake by a second be smart. And and you know, that's a big thing. It is a big thing. Yeah. No, I think it's a huge thing. And I think the thing is too is Steve Clark. I think there's that Monumental moment last season forgot who was against maybe was against Real Salt Lake where he was kind of he was kind of caught he played a ball a bad ball and distribution from Allah from a high position and then immediately it was it was won by the other team. So now they have the balls opposed to we have the ball and he immediately dropped back. Position for that tip over a sale wallow in it. Yeah, and and that I think a lot of kids out there. They need to go back. Sorry. I'm a pinion it is no she's very opinionated for goalkeepers at UCLA. No, I love them. Stop it. Oh my gosh, my van, you know, I'm very chill. They love me, you know my favorite thing those they but honestly not, you know just to this just a plug for you. So I asked you like you will look you get a lot of Alphas at UCLA you get some of the best of the best in the country coming to you and they honestly they kind of need that tough love because for a lot of times they've been kind of coaxed and coddled and told how great they are. Well, I think we have that problem across the board. We're with American soccer with American women soccer is that everybody's been coddled late, you know, because you know, you're filtering into the best ever and yeah, it's managing a lot but you know, no matter where I am and stuff like that. I think it's Doing great. Yeah, no one's ever called me people just looked at me and just just now gave me call the reasons why I'm not not able to my mom was I get your basket back in the gold. Stop crying Maddie's Dutch. Oh, we're gonna talk about - well, yes in a second. I'm already on it. All right, so but let's let's finish up with Steve. So any other thoughts there are not on Steve. Yeah, I think Steve I think you actually bring up a good point and I had not considered that before that he's played in. Small markets because he's played in Portland. He play any Columbus, you know, because even if you're looking back to his time with Columbus when they lost to the Timbers and the the final again talk about the goalkeeper are and and I think you know, he just hasn't I think that that moment unfortunately for him is stuck in a lot of people's memory, you know early in the game trying to take the ball across his goal and was it but Larry who slide tackle him into the net. Yeah, so I unfortunately that's What kind of stays in the memory but if you've watched Steve enough, he's a phenomenal goalkeeper and I think when you're actually talking about a modern type goalkeeper, it's hard for me. I would say Westbrook for Toronto. But besides him I think it's kind of steep, you know, he's very very good with his feet obviously in the traditional sense. He's fantastic as well. He's good in the air. He's really good off his line and one thing I don't know Steve but I I know people who know Steve very well and one thing he's never lacked his confidence. You known belief in himself and that's obviously one thing I admire a lot and and I mean when he was let go from Columbus nobody in MLS went to sign him, you know, and then he came over and he went over and played in the Super league and Denmark first six months did phenomenal helped his team who was in the relegation place when he arrived, you know ended up Surviving which promotion/relegation it's a big deal there. Lot of money on the line and then it came back and got an opportunity with Portland. You know, I think actually first he was in DC and then he ended up going to Portland. So it's just like for me he's a guy who just kind of rebuilt his career over and over journeyman and that's something that I admire a lot about him. He's on my list as well. I want to put one more guy on there and I want to see your thoughts on this guy here because I nobody gives this guy loved and I honestly felt so bad for this dude because he was in a very tough. Situation that Spencer Richie MLS on loan all that sort of stuff. He's got great size. He's got good reaction speed his Distribution off. His line is good. He's mobile and he's rangy his aerial balls. He's really good at boxing away with that long those long, you know spider arms that he's got her Octopus arms that he's got his wings. You know, I think there's something to be said for playing in a club where you're consistently losing over and over again. Again, and you kind of know that like if you don't get a shot out like chances are you might you're probably going to lose like a lot of pressure in that and I feel like that's undervalued. Yeah, I don't think again. I have a lot of sympathy toward him because when I was in college, that's kind of how my college career was. I was on a team that did not win a lot. You know, we play in the Big East so we were being slaughtered all the time and once Market Marquette University. Thanks because I went to rockers so I feel You okay? I'm like wait. Wait, did he go to Rutgers know you didn't actually at that time the boy the men were really the never mind. We'll talk about it later what the men really good then or not. Well, yeah, you had Lexi and everybody that's went to the final four in Lost in the in shootouts. Wow. Yeah. Wow the women we were like 20th in the country and I was getting my ass kicked every day, but it made me who I am today. Yeah, didn't it make you like a like a Herman award for? List. Yes my gosh. We weren't see what I'm talking about Legend right here. Look at that. We are up last night. We're so ever never it's ridiculous as people always good like they're like, oh my God, they're like, how do you become the goalkeeper coach at UCLA? I'm like if you win a World Cup, I just hanging out on the I was hanging out on the field. I was ass. I have a little bit of history with Amanda cromwell's though. She knows me. All right, let's um, let's get back to some of these some of these guys Is there anybody else you wanted that you were talking about Zack? So yeah. Yeah, it's crazy to me that he's still only 28 years old because I feel like he's been around forever and MLS God he's gonna be happy close to 10 years in the week. It's only 28. Yeah, you know he I just think he hasn't gotten his due. He was on a lot of really terrible teams with from the Philadelphia. I think actually him and Spencer Richie their pair of their careers could parallel, you know. Highly respected young youth Internationals getting tough tough situations when they start in the league, but I just think Zak just never really has gotten his View and then once he was finally kind of spreading his wings and Colorado what happens they end up bringing Tim Howard in which one I understand why you know, but looking at if you go back and look at math stats in 2016. I think it was nine wins three draws and 5 losses or yeah, but they look at that from 100 sent marketing. A point P. Of course. I did I get em. Look. I loved him. He's a Jersey Boy and stuff like that, you know, but you know I get that but I just mean I think you only give up 13 goals in 17 games. So it's just like once was finally hitting his stride. Then he's just pushed out again. Yeah now in our cell there's huge opportunity and I just think he's a really solid goalkeeper. I don't think he's particularly special at anything but I say that as a compliment. No, he's just very very well-rounded. And I think he's going to be really really good for them. Yeah, I mean, I think the thing about Zack McMath and I've got it in my notes right here and I just actually just saw Zack. I saw Zach last week in Arizona at the MLS preseason matches that we were at we obviously shout-out to our RSL with all the full access that we had from them. Shout out to Alex for wath, you know, assistant technical director. Turn Meyer, you know social media or do you just like an integer? Well, no, I mean, but I want to give love to the people that give us full access to their lie like a woman Tank and the players and stuff like that, you know a lot of a lot of MLS clubs as you know, Matt, they're very closed off in regards to allowing journalists and and ourselves not so we're there right there next to Zach and I'm seeing him going through his training and all that and thing about him is he's a very technically proficient goalkeeper his student of the game and clean handling and I think that's kind of a lost art a lot of people. Oh my God. Yes, isn't it wasn't it? Sounds time. Yeah. I want to ask you a question in regards to Zack. Is that do you what do you feel happened in Van? Over last year with Maxum Corp. Oh, do you feel that? He kind of got the short end of the stick or was it because he had a couple of bad performances early on Maxine kumin came in when I think is that God heard I believe and kind of just took it over from there and he just kind of never got of course, you know, you never really know just because obviously you're not inside those four walls. So you don't know what the discussion is going on, but obviously looks like you know with Maxine like they believed in him and he's young and of course. They're putting all their stock into him. Yeah. Well, yes. I know. I'm just saying sometimes I I think that was a comment that was made to me in 2000. I was it was after obviously after night. I woke up and I had come into camp for national team working first Camp before the Olympics going into the Olympics and I had was so fit and so on point training with the Rutgers men's team and everything and sat in that meeting with April and goalkeeper everybody you're playing. You're on point, you know, I've never seen had a better camp and April turning to me and saying yeah, but I think I want to bring in some younger players and develop them because she had just started as after him and developed on my way and I looked her dead in the face. I said, well, you know what apparently have done anything everything I can do. I can't be younger, you know, and the truth is like some coaches get that in their head. They want to do it. They wanted their way, you know instead of adapting a seasoned goalkeeper. They're like, well, you know, I'm going to take this. One and mold them. Yes. Yeah. So so let's talk about some older goalkeepers. Let's move that direction right here. We're all older goalkeepers here in this room right here so we can we can understand and we can feel for these goalkeepers are Louise Robles. I mean a legend in New York Red Bull obviously, you know some phenomenal phenomenal years. They're very and I thought he was also an underrated goalkeeper who never really got a chance with the national team. I think a lot of it is just a you know, where he kind of fit in the pecking order for generational. Himself, but he's now at inter Miami 34 years old kind of getting towards the latter part of his career came in for some veteran presence right there. You recently Matt actually just tweeted out a whole thing about Louise this weekend on why he kept basically entering the game against Delhi FC, which talk about a first game La FC inter Miami. I mean my gosh how and how insane is that? So let's talk about Louis a little bit. Chip the chip you want to talk about the chip. Now. I really big fan of his for a long time. I agree. I think the reason I wouldn't say he may be on the national perspective. He's underrated. But within the league, I think he's very respected. I think a lot of people know his value. I think obviously that's why in her Miami brought him in I mean, he's their team captain, you know, I think for the leadership responsibility alone, he's gonna feel for them. He's going to Charge of that locker room and help them build and create a culture, you know, which when you're starting a new team so many coaches I think make the mistake of okay, we need to have you know, this player that player we need to do this tactics and that tactic but you forget about the culture. All right? Yeah. I mean, I'm sure both of you could speak from your own experiences with all the locker rooms you've been in but for me the best locker rooms have been the ones where we actually get along and care about. Oh, absolutely and I never woke up. Absolutely. So I mean to me that's a big deal and obviously in our Miami thought the same thing I happened to catch the broadcast yesterday and twellman was talking about how he was at the training the day before a couple days before and he said he's fit like he's incredibly fit. He does not look 35 years old. I mean even just look which I looked 35 years old. What is that common? This had kind of a company is that he doesn't look 35. I'm sorry. I didn't tell you because Taylor still looks 24 and really he looked yet. I think I think okay. I still think I think he looks calm. Yeah. God created us to be. Okay. No, I just think that's a ridiculous. Well, because I mean look, you're fit. You're fit. I think he's phenomenal. I think he's a really really good signing for them. I think the way he played yesterday. Obviously the chip will get talked about about you know, you know what it shouldn't be talked about. It shouldn't be because had he took my Bella took a normal strike on the ball. His positioning was fine. He had he had the angles covered and he would have made a great save but one of the best players in MLS and when probably arguably in the world chip him and you know, I have a couple people Tisha venturini that used to trip me all the time. No matter how good my positioning was know how fast she was coming at me gay. Speed she still be able to chip me. It was a great goal and I sat there and I watched it over and over again. I was like was he had a position should have been born as I'd and I'm like absolutely not because I had that not been a chip and he got scored on been aware that said you need to be more off your line was what it was man. Sometimes you just got to pick the ball in the net and clap plus that was known for doing that fella is known for doing that and the the way he's able to hit it with just the right weight on the ball to just the right. I mean, it's in can we talk? About he beat half the defense. Yeah, exactly. Like let's let's let's be honest here. Don't anybody put anything on the keeper? He beat your entire defense alone and then shipped her keeper. So focus on that. Yeah, I mean and honestly look I think he's going to have a lot of he's gonna have a lot of action this year. I think for inter Miami, it's not the inter Miami that we were expecting. Everyone was saying, you know, when when you're in Miami came into the lake, they're like, oh my gosh, they're going to have like Rinaldo. The team and like all the it's going to be can't because Beckham Zone. Yeah, exactly. And also look, I mean if you look at MLS rules that was never going to happen. So they got to build the team from from the ground up. I think they're making good decisions by buying a lot of younger, you know, South American Internationals and trying to build from the ground up and I think it's going to be a good situation for Louisa. And and to be honest with you. I think the fact that Louisa has a has a Latin background I think is going to be beneficial at inter Miami. I think it's going to it Is going to help him immediately with the locker room, you know with some of those guys coming from somebody who's part Latinos. I think I can say that I don't know how that works. Yeah, I was born in Venezuela. Spanish is my first language and now he's in the u-20 visible and National poll. I haven't looked at your apparently not each other too long. I'm just like did you play goalkeeper? All right loud and it's not that bad. Let's go to Other half right now. So I'll steal it let's talk about the other goalkeeper. Absolutely on the other side another goal keep Island another goalkeeper in a new position. We got caught Kenneth Vermeer playing for La FC. Tyler Miller is now over in Minnesota and Kenneth Vermeer has taken over a tel AFC, you know, obviously Matt, you're very familiar with Vermeer because you've been in Europe and you've been watching what he does in the are too busy and all that. What does Vermeer bringing tell AFC obviously a ton of experience with this background playing for IX and feyenoord. I actually played with a guy here in Sweden who played with him at feyenoord and he had told me like this guy's just a beast. Yeah poletik, you know, will he will be a consistent save the weak contender in MLS just because of his natural god-given ability. Obviously, he's been brought into La FC because the Goalkeeper he is he's a lot different than Tyler Miller. Tyler Miller is quite aggressive loves to play high office line from here will be much more of a traditional line goalkeeper letting his Defenders kind of do most of the defending and he's really good with his feet. And obviously that's what Bob wants. We saw that with Miller as well. That's why Miller Miller was valued there, you know, so I think it's a good move obviously people again. Sorry to bring up the age but NG, you know talk about how old he is, but for me, I think I think he's going to do a job and I think yeah, he's not probably going to be there for five or six years, but he can be the X Factor. Yeah, they're run for an MLS Cup. I'll be honest Elias. He's not looking for three or four years down. The line. LHC is looking for right now. Well as he wants to win the trophy to this year and with the last couple years they've had one more me. My can I play devil's advocate here real quickly on Vermeer. My only issue with Vermeer is that he spills balls and bad areas and I think that that could be very detrimental to La of see when it comes to playoffs and one game type elimination type situations because it only takes one bad situation like that to cost you. Yeah. Hey go Holland like hey, I'll put it to you this way. My-my-my World Cup champion tattoo. Down side of my body is in Dutch and there's a long story behind that but it was the only way my mother wouldn't get mad at me for having a tattoo was because she were Dutch and I said well look, it's in touch. I think I think he will bring the stabling factor. I think that LFC will win the cup you do I do. Okay. I think they're do I think they will win the cup. I think his age. We'll bring the calmness and the stability into the back of that they need I do and I'm not that worried about him like dropping balls here and there but I don't think he'll see as much action as we think, you know, he's not going to get shelled. He's by far playing on in my opinion the best team in MLS right now. So as long as he just stays the course and everything and he comes from that true Spirit of Vioxx Stanley Manzo and everybody and like that like incredibly gifted strong powerful goalkeeper. And I think that's a throwback you guys weren't even born that distance damn again though. But like I said, I'm done that that's got glasses on and he's an analyst so probably he does he is he is familiar here. That's all that's when I was in high school. I don't think you were born Let's uh, let's talk about the other expansion team. Is gone about things a little bit differently than inter Miami is and that's Nashville still sees seems weird to say Nashville for MLS. I have to say something though taking that watching the games this week that the fans the turnout for these games with these expansion teams was unbelievable. Was it the Nashville game that was going to be the like the highest like fan base or whatever in the weekend the Miami like instant fan. And instant singing instant, you know Flames whatever but it was it was awesome. Yeah, you know instead of that like when they first started the MLS and stuff. Oh, there's a couple people in the stands and you know, we're trying to build it. It's like instant. Hey, you got a team that's it. Everybody's out. So I was super impressed by that. Yeah. I mean I actually was really cool to see the inter Miami supporters walking around with their what does what does that bird that they have on their the flamingo is it's not a flamingo. It's something else. It's a flame make to Back to back. No Matt. Matt was just going to say say what the bird is it something different, but actually I thought it was too pink flamingos back-to-back. And so if you look at it once facing left one facing right? I think it's a different type of bird looks like a flamingo which is very confusing to me too because I would think it would be a flamingo that is well. We'll have to research. Yeah, we'll have to research that Madison or whatever. Yeah, they have flamingos. No, but like we have to say the fans immediate turn out in season 1 for those squads, like it'll be interesting to see how Sacramento turns out, you know and stuff like that and therefore season. So I think seeing that seeing them dancing around the bus like the whole nine yards like I'm like wow, this is this is pretty awesome. That's crazy to think about that was a Sacramento's coming in Charlotte's coming in Austin's coming in and I can't remember who the other team is off to st. Louis. Yeah, which I'm Is it took that long for st. Louis to get a team? Yeah, I mean, it's been kind of a soccer hotbed for years. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. All right, let's talk about Nationals keeper Joe Willis. Obviously. There was a situation this weekend. That was a little a little bizarre if these guys were not familiar with what happened in MLS opening weekend. I look at maths face. Joe Willis was a he pulled his best Manuel Neuer impression. I guess I would say as he literally came out to Midfield to try to clear a ball and and and he wasn't able to clear the ball and then the ball went up immediately. They regain possession and then he made himself big like you do as a good goalkeeper, but he was a Midfield isn't this your choice for goalkeeper of the year? No, that was Matt Turner now. Yeah. Matt Turner was my choice. Wait. Wait a minute. Did you drop your phone man? So, you know look the tough situation being in a new city Joe Wilson to accomplish goalkeeper play for Houston Dynamo. Cleaning the air he's composed. He doesn't Bobble balls. That was just a weird play. I honestly is honestly something like I've seen like in youth games and actually somebody in your Twitter feed commented about that and I said, you know, we should probably talk about that from a goal keeping perspective because why did that happen Matt? First of all, I think it's the right call to give it a yellow card. Obviously. I know why people are calling for a red card. I think more from a shock value than anything but when you saw I think Grant Walch tweeted out Out the response from Howard Webb, and I mean it's very clear, you know, unless it's a true goal scoring opportunity, which this wasn't because it was 40 or 50 yards from goal. You know, it's not going to be a red card and there were Defenders behind obviously. I know this is not a normal situation, you know, but you know as well come on, it's the 92nd minute, you know the games they're chasing chasing the game as well. And I mean, that's the only reason he's up there in the First place so yeah, I mean look it I think you brought up a really good point is that they're chasing the game and chasing the game. Sometimes you do frantic things and you know saskia and I we actually talked about this, you know in regards to a certain goal keeper that we're familiar with and we're not going to mention who at what level but trying too hard trying to do more than you need to do. Yeah, you know, I think you get I'll put it this way. Also you get caught up. I think the person we're talking about. I think you get caught up in that first game in that everything is you know and stuff but you your job is not to do that. Your job is to call me or team and not make those rash decisions like coming out to Midfield try to clearable. Yeah. I mean it was it was really really weird and honestly, someone was asking me today they're like, hey, you know, they texted me and they're like, what would you tell when he Youth players if they did something like that versus like what would you tell a professional if they did something like that? But the hell are you doing I mean, yeah, just kidding. So you tell your youth planning the hell are you doing I use a different one? I mean, well Matt Matt, you actually mean look you you coach in a Youth Academy. Like what would you tell one of your kids right there? Oh goodness. I have no idea. I think how you doing in Swedish. Yeah, imitating Swedish. I actually don't think I would say anything during the game, I think. Wait till afterwards always. Yeah always and I we talked about this before we got on air. But like what's the point in yelling at them? They already know they made a mistake. And so you're just compounding that and take a pause. You know, when there's a break or when it's halftime just talk to them calmly, you know, they know they made a mistake they know, you know, but don't make another one the same way. Yeah, that's a really that's a really good point. I want to talk about the fact that the his backup is Adrienne's and dejas. Who had was at Sporting KC? He was a Swope player for most of the time. He's good. He's really tall. He's like six five good reflexes long athletic. I honestly think he's got more upside than Willis. My guess is he's going to take over the number one sooner rather than later. I think that's kind of their they're thinking long term. I think that's why they brought him in from from sporting. What do you think Matt? Do you think Zendaya has will eventually be the number one for for Nashville? I mean, obviously I think they bring him in with the view of him being the future of the club and I'm not sure he's going to play anytime soon. Am I? Okay? I think he's on the bench for a while. I think that's why you bring in someone like Willis who has a lot of experience again Willis. And I mean this in like kind of the best possible way. He's just goalkeeper who kind of does everything. Well, yeah gonna not going to stand out until yesterday. I'd never seen him 40 yards off his line, you know, so he's going to be kind of a serviceable guy that they can rely on. You know, who's going to be back there and he's going to do exactly what's asked of him. So no, I don't I don't see these areas getting it time anytime soon more than you know a game here or there. Yeah, and you know, I Oh, that's that's how goalkeeping is. Yeah, it's like NFL quarterbacking. You know, it's you just you can bring somebody in but you know, you need the consistency the more games that the more games you get under your belt the less the other person has a chance of going in. Well, when you moved, you know towards the end of your career, you know, they brought you in as as as kind of that veteran number one with a younger person in the in the wings behind you, right? Who are you? Oh, yeah. I'll talk about your pro career. Yeah. I mean but it depends on the coach you get yes and fortunately my first year in W say I found a coach that wanted to prove that he can make a different choice and wanted to go with his choice in the younger keeper and stuff like that. So I sat and then eventually, you know got traded to the team. I wanted to be on and no offense to my other teammates and you know things were different after that, but it really depends it's Not just up to you and it's a philosophy. So we've all gone through it. All right. So let's look at let's talk about younger guys in the wings because the everybody's been talking about David Ochoa at RSL. I have I've got a personal relationship with David Ochoa. I've got my feelings towards David Ocho. I think his ceiling is I'm like real you need to go on a date with her go. No. Oh my God. He's a really nice kid. I think his ceiling is really high. I just think that there's a real maturity level there that needs to needs to improve and I'm straight up saying that you'd listen to the podcast. So it's not something that he hasn't heard before but his ceiling is just absolutely unreal. He has the potential to be one of those difference-maker type of goalkeepers in MLS for a long long time. If he can figure it all out. His range is unreal. His athleticism is next level is distribution is very very good. But Zach McMath is a better goal keeper right now, and he should be the number one right there and when I hear a lot Out of these pundits out there saying David I chose should be the number one. Is that okay? So how many 19 year old should be starting in left right now, you know? Yeah Matt how you feel? Yeah. No, I agree. That's where I kind of commented on that Twitter feed that I sent out today as well. When I was talking about McMath, you know, kind of just acknowledging that a lot of people expected. Watch out Ocho to come in this year right after motto retires and just take the reins. Could it happen? Of course, it could have happened but I think when they brought in McMath, it was very clear that that was not good. If you don't bring in somebody with his background unless he's going to drop these come silently play. You know McMath has almost a hundred fifty games like Pamela. That's what people forget and again and like I said, it's crazy that McMath is only 28. Yeah. I feel like he's been around forever and your we're talking about him like he's like an older keeper exactly and I mean crazy He knows a lot because he's obviously been around a long long time. He is a veteran don't get me wrong. But he's just entering his prime. Yes a poet want to get something out of that guy. I mean he Bar None. He's the guy who place looks nice. Like I don't care what you say then a nineteen-year-old no matter how athletic and good. They are isn't going to come in and understand how to run a team which is a job and they're not I'm not taking anything away from him. Not doing it, but at the end of the day it's experience it sundering understanding how to organize communication when to calm your team. When to Hype up your team. There's a lot more to goalkeeping than just standing back there and blocking shots. And and in my opinion right now is David a chola is still a shot stopper because I've seen his positional awareness and regard to his angle play and I think he's slightly out of position a lot of times. I think his athleticism makes up for it and for him and normal fruit. Yeah, exactly. Solutely my gosh when I was 19 years old, I had no idea what I was doing. No idea what I was doing, you know, and I was small like I don't even know why I played that's how bad the American goalkeeping was back in college didn't know quite a bit since then. Okay, I want to talk about one other young guy that I think actually is more of the I don't want to say that he's already hit his ceiling because I still think he can still grow as a goalkeeper, but I think he's more of the finished package and I think that He should really get a shot with San Jose, especially if they decide not to re-sign Daniel vanga is JC Martin's Kowski again have a personal relationship a little bias there. But I think he's a great goalkeeper. I think he's extremely smart man. Like just a really smart dude and his understanding of the game is just next level and because of that he he's always in position like kind of like an Alison Becker. He's always in a very good position. His lateral movement is very solid. He's a much better athlete than people think about him just because Because they say oh I went to Georgetown must be really smart guy. Well, yeah he is but he's also a really good athlete and you don't make it to the you 23s as probably they're number one for the Olympic qualifying unless you're a good athlete too mad. Any thoughts on JT. Yeah. I mean, I've heard a lot of good things. I know that Persona quite well who's out there also and he speaks very highly of JT. Vega Vega is not going to be a long-term solution for them. So, of course, you know JT could get his opportunity soon. And when I say soon I mean two or three years, I'm not talking about this season because in a goalkeeper lifespan that is soon to or that is soon very soon, you know, so I think he's in a good spot. He probably will get some games here or there. That's the biggest Advantage to younger voters is you have time don't don't stress it like my biggest advice. Just when I can't 400 choa with I know you want to play. Yeah, it's dress it. And don't worry. If you're not playing posting. All right now, that's when you know what that and that's that's the biggest problem. Yeah. Yeah it is it is and look when I was 19 you could have told me I would have told you I'm the best. Yeah, no, and that's the biggest. And you know those young goalkeepers and stuff. You can't you can't listen to everybody else. You can't listen to the fans. You can't listen to the outside stuff. You have to really take a pause settle down and realize that you're being mentored you're learning you're being groomed to eventually be this starter to be this in this position. And the I find that the players that run away saying well, I'm gonna go no offense. I'm going to go play in tween are gonna play somewhere else so I can start and everything. You know, we don't hear from them again a lot of them and it's because they didn't take the time to learn and be mentored and and to take their hits and to be humbled and the ones that we that are humbled and take their time are the ones that are have their longevity in my opinion. It looks the jury still out still out on Ocho in in that regard and I honestly, I think I forget when I'm talking to him that he's 19 years old because he's a professional and a major league soccer team. And he's talked about so much in the Press. I forget he's 19. I forget he's literally almost the age of the kids that I'm coaching out there on the youth Fields. I have a nominal level of maturity that I didn't have at that age at all by I mean, I told straight up the number one on my college team, you know behind his back I was telling her but I'm like, well that dudes not that good. I'm gonna be the starter clearly over this guy. He's not that good. You know, that's the kind of stupid stuff you say when you're 19 years old, and yes. You have to remember like it's not about the Press. It's not about what everybody else around that person is like it's it's a nineteen-year-old a nineteen-year-old that didn't go to college that is playing pro that you know, and we've seen that on the women's side and on the men's side how people disappear. Yeah. No, that's that's that's very true. Speaking of guys who who disappear and I don't want to say that and I'm not saying that's going to happen. I'm saying don't allow that to happen. When somebody needs to make sure they grabbed him by the back of the head and say you need to take your hits. You need to take your time. You need to sit on the bench. You need to learn. Well for sure. Yeah. Yeah, and I think that's look I think that's one of the issues in regards to a lot of these situations is that when got when younger guys just aren't willing to listen to a veteran like a Zach McMath and I'm not saying that's what David is doing. I'm just saying I'm using that as an example type of a thing princess I talk to JT and he says he's learned a lot. You know from from Daniel, you know over in San Jose, you know, it was obviously an experienced professionals played a very good levels and that's I think that's the attitude you have to have speaking to somebody. I don't think ever hit their ceiling despite. Unbelievable Talent is David Bingham for the LA Galaxy. I think David Bingham had the potential to be a national team goalkeeper. He still does if if he puts it all together. I mean his athleticism is next level is world-class some of the things that he can just do with his body his distribution. I mean, it's just It's effortless. It's I mean that side Vale this weekend that he hit two Christian pavon was just you know, I'm sure everybody who's listening to this podcast by the time this thing comes out is as seen that ball but his and that's something he does consistently over and over and over again my issue that's always been so frustrating with David Bingham for me personally is he's always out of position and he gives up a lot of second ball spills because of that that just that tactical side is never developed him with him in my opinion to that next level. You know that Get him onto the national team and that's what I consider the next level International football for this guy because he had that kind of ability and and you brought up a point you think that Alex is defense is going to be better this year. It's not going to be as bad a situation for him. No, I think he will have I mean he's going to be under pressure but I don't think anywhere near what happened last year. I think I saw today may like a hundred forty one saves last year. Like that's insane. That's beyond insane. Yeah, so that's not going to happen again. I do think I mean the Galaxy or just overall are going to be a better team. They have more Talent more depth now than they did last year so that of course would just take some of the blow off of him, you know, and I think this the the test for him will be exactly kind of what you said is to kind of clean up some of those areas of his game that almost routine in a sense. Yeah, you know just to kind of yeah take that next step, you know, because I think so look and I was guilty of this when I was younger. So sometimes you try to make it look difficult because you know, that's what people love, you know, so you just talked with feels good feels good extension save. Yeah, there should be making those ever know. It should be easy simple. We shouldn't be talking about the goalkeeper, you know, and so yeah that that's got to go like, you know, but that's when it turns over from being an incredible athlete that Americans put in goal to being a goalkeeper, but my my issue is just like David Bingham he but he was with Henry folk at Cal which is a goalkeeping guru out. There was produced numerous MLS goalkeeper defect rate calendar right now another U23, you know, potential national team keeper, you know came out it came out of Cal. Why was none of this worked out beforehand and he's already he's already had what six years in MLS seven years in MLS. I mean, it's he's been in the league for a while now and and in my opinion by the time you're 2728 is probably not going to change. That's the hard part. There's a point. I think there's a point that we all realize that it's been so ingrained in you and allowed to Been that to reverse that is is more of a just get somebody else. Sorry like I mean, I don't mean to be a jerk. Yeah, but like it'll take more effort to try to do that and it might not work but look, I mean, he's got such great tangible qualities for for LA Galaxy. My issue is just the intangibles. Um, before we wrap up on all this I want to bring up a one guy that we haven't brought up yet. And this is one of the best teams in the league in my opinion as well to who's just reloaded this here despite the fact that Joseph Martinez has a torn ACL which kind of so so rough to hear that especially being a Venezuelan to have Yosef Martinez Tara's ACL like that. It's Brad guzan at Atlanta. I mean talk about a guide that remade his career by coming back to MLS and playing for Atlanta has been consistently one of the best goalkeepers in MLS. I think he's gonna have the best goals against average and in MLS this year because of his just understanding of the game. his veteran leadership and honestly a really good back line in Atlanta yeah I agree I mean that's kind of why tweet out today that it's a goals against average but I said most shutouts yeah he led the league with it last year I believe and then I think this year especially now after the injury it's even more clear that they're probably going to play a little bit more defensive or at least they're going to have to because they're probably not going to score as many goals as they did obviously it depends who they were replacing with because they're going to have to go to market you know the the open market now try to try to get somebody so I'll today maybe Daniel Sturridge that could be an exciting really yeah you know it's something like that would happen you know so I don't know what kind of see but yeah big big big fan of Brats yeah beside him in Chicago met casually a few times you train with them you guys have such bromances yeah awesome come to you I'm gonna and he comes kind of out of the Chicago Magic Chicago Our goalkeeper Factory up there. Yeah, there's still a lot of hate toward him, which I do not understand like I don't get I think it's just because he's not Tim. Well, I think that's all and see what it is again. I want him. He's a jersey boy, but they're such different goalkeepers and and Tim athletically was you know, you know amazing and stuff, but I think what Brad brings is that that he's Confident he's solid. He's consistent. He's what you want in the goal period you know, he's organized. He's just he's a journeyman. He's he's older. He understands it. He's been through it. He's been at the highest level like, you know, that's who you want but behind you period um, should he still be should he be if we make the Olympics this year if we make the Olympics this year if we under-23 I know but they have three players and been in the world cup or over but that's what I'm saying you we know okay so we shouldn't give them no and no and the reason why is stop it like put in the younger players if we make the Olympics put in the younger players get them some International experience at a major tournament like because in three years from now what are you going to do are you going to turn around put Brad back in goal maybe but probably not so give them their experience this is what your three years or four yeah this is what this interim is for to give them their experience not just keep repeating the same takes sorry Men's National Team well because I'm but I mean honestly and we were honestly don't even know what's going on with Zach Stephen I mean I love Zach Stephen as a person and as a goalkeeper and I just I feel bad for him because the whole tendinitis issue is want to see him come back and get informed with Dusseldorf from him by the way the Olympics is going to be cancelled because of the Corona virus yeah I think it will you think it's gonna be cancelled I think I like yeah yeah I think I don't think they have a choice how's the Corona virus over in Sweden Matt is that a it sweetheart freaking cold there Is that everything's okay, but sweets freaked out about everything. Well, they're smart. Um, but no, I do think I unfortunately, you know, I was just talking to some women's players that are supposed to be going with their work with their countries. No, it's never a good thing. You you hope your whole life. You can go to the Olympics, but at the same time they look them in the eye icon want to go there, you know, and I think it's inevitable that that possibly be postponed or canceled like an end. Podcast on that'll tell you that stuff look you can't sorry. Um, all right, bring it back up bring it back. All right, fine. Let's let's let's finish off strong right here because I know Matt's got it. What was it like eight o'clock right there or something but the science not up. What is it 9 okay. That's not too bad. That's not too bad then. Okay. Alright, so we're not keeping you up crazy crazy hours. I can I can never keep track with it with the times here. All right, let's finish off goalkeeper of the year. goalkeeper of the Year MLS we're going to get everybody go go across the room right here we will start with me I'll start with me because I'm important Matt Turner I think Matt Turner New England Revolution despite the issue yesterday with that weird ball that was lifted over him against Montreal just kind of a just a strange play of a lot of people saying was like oh look at the spacing between his back line and himself it was too narrow so he allowed for that situation to happen to him I think he's a student of the game. I think he's plays it very good positional goalkeeping. I think he's a good athlete. I think he's clean. I think to be honest with you in New England Revolution is in such a tough situation in regards to the teams that they play consistently over and over again. They're going to be defensive. He's going to have to have to give them a few points in order for them to make the playoffs. And so I think he's going to be and honestly with with Bruce's the head coach, I think he'll be in a good position to get some some good clean sheets and some good results. Also, I think he could be a front-runner for keeper the year. Okay. I'm going to give I'm going to give two answers but it's kind of its kind of it. You'll see the overlap. So I'm going to say Kenneth Vermeer with LA FC. And then Tyler Miller. Those are my two picks, you know, because I swap teams. Yeah. No, that's crazy. Oh wow. I just feel I feel La so you just because they're going to be kind of nice not to come for me to be in the running to win the cup, you know, and the teams who are the best teams normally their players the ones that get recognized damn it. I should have come before you and I on the same guys can have the same goal keeper. Okay. Well, I have a mere not just because I'm Dutch and he's Dutch but I think more because I think he'll bring that cohesiveness to La of see that they've been lacking. I think they'll lift the trophy and I think that we all know that that that recognition. Goes to that goal keeper. I'm sorry. This isn't the NCAA. This is my goal. You had like a zero point this goals against average. So you're an All-American it's not you know, that's not how they look at it. It's the it's different than that. It's you know, but that's why your shoe. Sometimes I live with a Golden Glove like in like, you know, International tournaments and stuff like that and I'm like dude, although the last Women's World Cup got it, right? Okay, okay, but I agree with you because usually goes to the person that won that won the time that the won the title. Oh, okay. We'll give it you know to so and so they were on the winning team. I think it's an afterthought. I don't think that this will be an afterthought here. I think that he will bring like I said the stability to Alia see that they need and the win the cup and he'll win it. I want to say one thing that'll to a lot of people out there who are listening all the Insiders out. There is that MLS goalkeeper the years not necessarily the best goalkeeper MLS it and that that's something that people need to understand is that because they think a lot of times like, oh well like and you know, Like the you know the Golden Ball like that's the best player in the league. It's like it's not the best gold best MLS goalkeeper of the years the goalkeeper who had the best performance in MLS this season for their team. That's that's who MLS get caught up in that stuff the Golden Ball stuff like this. I will put one thing forward. Oh my gosh, I'm gonna get in so much trouble for this say you can edit it out if a Megan Rapinoe, okay, you've already you've already done. I know but not right now. I'm just contacts World Player of the Year. Here gimme a Break. I'm sorry Rapinoe, you know love you love everything you're doing and stuff. But you know as well as I did you didn't have a great tournament until last two games and you got what you know, and nobody voters don't know any better. So, you know, look at look at everything. I mean all when it comes to but you know FIFA Awards, I mean, I think Club form needs to be looked at as well too. It's not just woke up exactly but you get what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay I do but I still were on the same page. Okay, so hopefully all our listeners who are not in the United States now have a reason to watch Major League Soccer honestly for those of you guys who are not in the United States I know it's not as easy to find MLS but you can find it on pretty much all the streaming services and there's some really really good goalkeeping going on in MLS totally worth your time to watch some of these some of these Keepers it's totally worth in obviously our domestic fans are very familiar with MLS and if you're a Euro snob who lives in the United States guess what you can go to your local team and watch your MLS Keepers right there in person and learn from them and you can't go to man you and watched all the Deus oh might want to go out and start watching some of those MLS matches if you can get a ticket if you can get a ticket yeah because they're in that that high demand La of C elegans see here in La it's really really tough to get a ticket so before we wrap up Matt is there anything else you want to add up on an MLs goal keeping you know can we talk about the Hague When will table oh, that's such a clickbait article right there. Dude, you gonna write that for the athletic. That's such a clickbait hard. I know I know you guys do legitimate journalism at the athletic. Okay, open the can or I know. All right guys mad if anybody is interested in in all your work that you do for the athletic. Where's the best place for people to reach out to you? Yeah, obviously Twitter at map is draw ski, and then otherwise just please subscribe to the athletic read the articles because that makes Big difference for not just me but for all the authors and journalists out there. Yeah and guys if you have a guest suggestion or a topic suggestion for us, make sure to reach out contact at inside the 18 media.com if you want to send hate mail to saskia, where do you send that out? What's your email? You can check my me out on Instagram. You have a distance. Saskia Weber and Instagram, isn't it at saskia underscore Weber? Well, I did. You know, I was well, you could just put in saskia, whatever. I don't know there might be some you're really trying to set me hate mail. No no. No, I'm just trying to make sure the people get there right now. You guys got it the right the thing and you get the the all the following from Sweden. I own all my all. My name's across the board. Okay. All right. Well, then everything will come to her. Alright guys, that's all the time on inside the 18 and we are out later guys pay.