Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you know,Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March hits it feels like you're going to kick off a playoff game. You're wrong to start drinking with your best friends. You're going to searching the friends that you know, you haven't seen in six years you're drinking with those people like you're gonna drink with those people that you saw in high school the weird kid in high school that you hated. Then you're like you see him inside. Holy shit. That's blank you're going to drink it with somebody's parents that you kind of know, but you don't really know. But when you take a whiskey shot with somebody you're really fucking knowing and the vast white predates the best the best. Welcome to another edition of the drunk tank podcast Moss. What's up? I don't put out. We have a special episode. It's a highly anticipated episode. We're talking all things parade. What do you want Manning? Oh the Rangers highlights are on. Oh, no. Yeah. Let's watch these we want. I commentate sure. Okay one could set up a goal. Was that a re players that another goal though? It's a different goal. Okay, he let up two goals. It wasn't his fault that he let up any more than two goals are just those two. Oh that was only the first period Oh, no, it's another one. Oh, no. No that was his third goal of this for all wait a minute. It was his fourth goal. They didn't show three and five. So we let him five goals. Oh man, the Rangers are done. Yeah. That sucks. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah, but no I said we're prayed to episode only one of the one of the only positive days if your area code is in the 600's it's the best day of the year in for Binghamton person. Yeah, I say it's the best purse best day of the year in general. What do you mean in general? Like it's my favorite day out of any other day. Yeah, because you live in Binghamton you drink a lot. That's I mean there's nothing to do here. So when you have an event like that and it involves drinking it's going to be a lot of people's favorite days of the year. I mean is a lot of people started days a year. I had a couple things I want to talk about though. So first of all, I mean we missed an episode last week. Both have busy schedules will be back to Sunday mornings very soon. It might be a couple more weeks but full will double up on week probably won't I'm saying that out loud will probably won't double up on me. But we're gonna try it's a lot more work think it's a lot more work than you think it really is is but like like creating that basilic, but we're going to talk about isn't that bad, but just Important time is tough. Yeah, so right now probably worth something that I worked till 9:00 Tuesday through Saturday right now. So it's really like we're time nine comes I'm so hammered off my ass. There's no way I could record we're recording this on Sunday night. So hopefully we can keep her going on Sunday nights, but you know, we do have some stuff that's been coming up. So we do apologize for that because I know people have been asking me what episodes are coming out. Okay, I want a couple things before the parade they stuff. This is just stuff that I like noticed throughout my week and I needed to get this off my chest so, you know, the people that know, you know, what have doctors have those masks. Yeah, I'm talking about cute. So, you know the people wear those out in public. I think it's are sick or something. I mean when I went to Hawaii one time, all those agents would just wear them everywhere. Like all of that like a lot of them isn't Hawaii like 95% of Asian people. So so Hawaii when I went at least you can tell the difference between a like a Hawaiian person like someone who's from Asia from like Japan because Japan is close to Hawaii and didn't know if you knew that, you know, I didn't but they also like the Hawaiian people are tan but then you get all these pale Asian people that are just coming over from Japan and yeah, so where the pal if you were wearing masks. Yeah the palliation people You ask them why they don't speak English? Yes. No, I don't know. I did not fair enough. Okay. But anyway, I was getting my car serviced the other day and this lady walks in we want those mascot and it's so he's big waiting room. The only one in there. She fucking starts walking toward me and I'm just gonna sit down next to me. Well, she's not sick. What do you mean they wear those so you don't get sick. Okay. First of all, that's ridiculous that then why isn't everyone fucking wearing them all the time because we're not dweeps. Okay. Anyway, okay. So say that's true. Why would you fucking sit next to me, you know large waiting room. I'm the only person there why sister crush on you? She was like 85 and she didn't say a word. It doesn't mean I got up immediately. I did I got up I did the I did the fake phone call like oh hello and I walked out and I just sit back down on the opposite side of the room hate doing that. Yeah. Well, I mean what if I do like old bitch just fucking cough all over me? It's called a bitch. I mean she's a bitch you're doing like putting me in that spot like what you can't just sit down next to me. If you have a mascot and you that nervous about germs sit in one of the other 15 chairs, not directly next to the only other person in there. It's Corona. / yeah coronavirus. So you said thing that people aren't buying Corona. Yeah, and they said it's not linked at all. I don't buy it. Okay. Well if that's do you think there's any chance that you were going to be able to get like 12 packs coronavirus 499 then if they just like have all this excess Of them and they can't sell supply and demand. Yes what I'm saying? Maybe we should just stuck up and start selling them. We could stop we gave it smelling them ya know if they get down to 599. I would say we should buy like a thousand dollars worth and just start selling them people for like 10 for $9.99. So out of our podcast Studio, we just also have a liquor dispensers. Well, yeah, I mean, it's you by it's an idea is not a good one. But it's a it's a great one. It's not easy way to make money if there's a market for the Corona and it's that much lower than normal. There's not going to be a market. That's the problem. I think they're really market around here. Like I think there are people here that would drink Corona regardless of the virus that has the same name when it's not like I guarantee it at least our friends. I guarantee it. You don't think so. We're just going to drink a thousand dollars worth of crop. That's just like me of like a Corona supply for like six months. Oh, this is another one. I was gonna save this for when ah, so like like another like a girl came on here like you merchandise or something. So girls girls have fake hair, huh? My sister does what? Yeah. I mean, I don't know but like we yeah, like I knew like like there's black girls that have weaves my sister's why she has a way of What's the difference between like weaves and extensions extensions? You're asking the wrong person? I don't know. That's like I guess I never made the connection that sometimes girls hairs were just her hair was just like shorter than normal and they don't have their like wiggin but that freaks me out. I don't like that. I don't like hair to begin with but like he do I watched you eat someone's hair before that was a long time ago, and it was it was an accident it wasn't you purposely put it. Your mouth it was sucked on it was miscommunication, but don't worry wasn't it was there was no communication. You grabbed her hair. You sucked. It was so you're saying it like it was like an assault. I mean was it is so know we were hammered so you can assault I was 18 years old was not an assault. It was it was Mutual hair. It wasn't Mutual. She didn't ask you to suck her hair. Yeah, your neck ain't suck her hair put in your mouth. It was and I was talking to her and it did get in my mouth. And no no, that's not why I don't even think you were talking to I think she turned around and you just like from behind was that the same thing that she thought that she could drink more beer than me. Just threw a bunch of shoes with her mouth half open remember that it was the same. Oh my God. That was the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life. She grew up with a smile on her face. You ever seen someone throw up and smile on it. It was I've never seen like that my life literally over OV okay from his that's that's really all I had that was not parade a base to have any you have anything you want to talk about? No, I got nothing. Okay. Well, let's dive into the mains. I can't a man about the main source of what we're talking about today. So, I don't know how we want to break this down. I was basically Basically, I have listed like all like parade a like in order of like the beginning of the day to the end of the day basically and what my plans always are. So I don't know if we want to run through like what a how to do Parade day thing maybe or want to talk about certain how to do for it. It's not complicated. Well, I think I think it's very complicated a great. Okay. Well, let's start out. I wrote this all down. Okay, so pre game plan. What I normally do is I wake up around 8:00 or 8:30. I usually make a mixed drink the night before and put it next to my bed. And then I wake up and I drink that it's usually a screwdriver. That's what I do in the morning. I like to start off with a couple shower beers right when I wake up. Okay, that's probably better because you really should not be drinking liquor at 8 in the morning all but I just agree with that you drink as much as you can as early as you can and you just see You just let the rest of the day play out agreed but parade licorice not be really consumed before 10 p.m. On Parade day. I would say well that's not and that's it's a shot. I just shot completely. Well, you shouldn't be drinking like lockers. You should not be drinking Red Bull box for 12 hours. You will die. I've done it before and I'm right here. You saw the tail barely. What did you do for 12 hours? That's what I do. Whenever I go to fucking parade a I do get Red Bull vodkas. Except for if we're outside. They only sell sell beer outside. The beer outside is of the outsides country. So that's why I do in the morning and then I would say mid to late morning is the Priam what I like to do ideally is if you get go to some sort of party that's located close to downtown Binghamton. I think that's probably the way to go is also not bad if like you go to a friend's house and there's like five or six of you drinking and then Out but I think having the party is nice or not because it was a thing over wasn't a thing a few years ago. It's true, but Ubers expensive on Parade day. Normally I don't I plan on spending north of $100 and pray day before we go out that night. Yeah, I mean well if that is that your plan that I guess that's not a huge deal. Yeah. But no, I think the parties good good way to get it going but on the other hand if you're just want to hang out a buddy sighs. I don't think that's bad. I mean and it's a long day so you don't want as you get as shit-faced as possible. Okay, so only stipulation I'm so then it jumps to what I had for the day plan. I need a plan is pretty straightforward and you can correct me if I'm wrong. But I think your ideal situation is that party spills into you know the early afternoon? Like you think noon 12 30-ish and then you go downtown and this is where you might disagree with me, but I said, I think you hit any bar you can down there and I think the way you do it is you look at the line because I don't think you really want to wait in line very long, even though they do sell beer in the street, which is I love being a streets. Actually. I think that's it's that is way better than being in a crowded bar, but it does get cold sometimes and you you don't want to stay with your cold. Gone for a day then. You're not drunk enough. That's not true. I mean, I like two weekends ago. I drank like 20 drinks and I was still cold at 3 a.m. Well, you're a coward. I mean, I'm not disputing that but you can still be called the drunk it I've never been cold and drunkenness in time. You just don't know that you're cold. Well, yeah, I understand the science behind it. But I think drink on the streets fine. The good thing about going to have one of those bars is no. What buyer in you're going to know like seven people there at least literally seven is low. No, but I'm saying it couldn't you can go to some fucking random S Bar down there and you can know like a handful of people like if you go to one of the bigger bars, you know, we're not going to fuck no free ads, but one of those bigger bars you're going to know a lot of people in there. I just don't think that weight is like worth it. Like I don't I'm not going to wait in line for an extra half hour to go to a different bar. Like it did more popular, but you don't know. Yeah, I don't usually do the And if you really want to see someone you'll see them at some point. It's like it's saying it's like a 17-hour day. You know what I mean? Like if you really want to see a girl like you'll see them somewhere you you can meet up after like you're done going out for the first time. I don't think so excited. I don't think you have to commit about it. I don't think you have to commit to meeting whoever you know at one bar. I think you're going to cross paths. Anyway, it's a long day. You're gonna end up seeing like a hundred people. So that's that's that's my day plan. I I'm a big fan of the street dearest very big fans Chavez good very good. No liquor I said, okay. This this is this is the time of day where things this next. That's where things get a little dicey the early evening part of your day. Things can go like what time like 5:30 6 o'clock lying Beyond black out at that point and that's part of the problem. Yeah. So so this is this is you've been touring for about eight hours. That's okay. You've been drinking even dream for many hours. A lot of people are going to want to sleep. You cannot sleep. Don't sleep don't sleep hard if you don't sleep because if you want again, if you fall asleep, you're done. You're just about I the Red Bull vodkas are freaking awesome because until the next day when your heart and white when your hormones spilling out of your body after afraid it might be the worst day of the year, but that's that's not I mean, I'm laughing but it's not true. It's not true. Is it is tough to come back from a nap on parade today? Because so what because you're betraying my place. So when you're getting when you go out op, yep, when you go out in your fucked when you grunt you're really bad spot. What I recommend would recommend is you go back to one of your buddies houses perf again, preferably close to downtown. If you're like moss in fucking made of money. Apparently, you don't have to worry about location because you'll spend you know, $60 on Uber because the late night. Late night. You're the ideally you're going to go out again. I think that's what I liked you. I love doing it. Right but not a lot of people do that. I think we're in the minority, but don't go to say this is one of our only days to rip it up like this, you know. It's a good deal as before because I've said it before no hours off. We you're going pedal to the metal the entire time one day here. Just wanted to acting absolutely shifted up or fucking idiot 19 hours. Whatever it is. You know what you can regret everything you did the next day the worry about that. Everyone is going to regret everything that happened. So you're going to think that you did the worst thing ever. The person that you are passed out next to on the floor did something just as bad as you it's just it's almost Looks like the perch like for those like 18 hours. It's no holds bar. You can almost no, I don't I don't think anybody should you know go try to fucking like I don't know rob a bank or anything but it is there it is a loose set of rules. I would say that more things are accepted on Parade a than normal. Yeah. So that that's that's the that's the early evening plan. And I think that's the hardest part of the night because that's when most people want to go to sleep. But and then around eight o'clock, but you go back out it's early, but if you get through that early evening and you get to like 9:30, 10 o'clock. And you're in the let your in the late part in the the good thing about the late-night part is only the fucking Savvy veterans. It's my personal. You don't have any of the real keys there anymore. It's my fear part of the day. This is these are the hours. It's what it's probably like 10 to 3. Those are the hours. That's when you separate the men from the boys. Yeah, it's when you separate the men from you. It's like the other girls, it's women. It's like oh, yeah early girls from it's like the All-Star game only the stars are there exactly it's it's if you see someone Everybody's big for like 12 hours. But if you walk into a bar and you make eye contact with this guy and you're just looking at them and you don't know who he is. UK you have a Cadet Ovechkin? Yeah, you have a connection when you when you're out at 11:30 on Parade day, you know what exactly that guy's been through. I imagine it's like it was the first time I met one of my roommates what the nighttime parade it's percent. Remember we told me look like Nathan Scott. Yeah, you told me he doesn't look like it's got but regardless regardless. You're you're looking into a person that's like across the bar. I would again I've never been in the military never will be but I don't see never drop my happen. Yeah, I mean I would but I would imagine it's like that's like when you were just at War and it's these two soldiers that like came back and they don't know each other and they just like look each other in the eyes and like yeah just mutual respect. We were just through hell, that's what I imagined or that's what I imagine worse like they could Not be what it was like but that's of course thing I compared to because it's been a battle for 18 hours. You're just babbling. There's just there's dead bodies everywhere. Literally one time. I was walking down State Street. What time someone literally died actually probably multiple times. Yeah. I got ya one time I was doing it for us to be you. I was walking down State Street and guy was just laying down like in the middle of Route. He was just laying there and not the cops are looking at him. Nobody was trying to get a job. So don't give a fuck who knows, you know. Like murdering someone else or something, but he's going on. that's pretty though you you you have a newfound respect for those the people that are there that way I mean, that's pretty dangerous praying you what you wake up the next day his surviving Advanced its March page awesome survivors. Wake up the next day. But yeah, no, that's the I think I think we nailed it. I don't think is there anything that so I wrote that I wrote most of that out. Is there anything that I didn't say that you would add or you would take away like is there anything you do differently? Is there anything you drink at a certain time? Well, there's not really that much is their time to shine dear. I will do shots when at any point, but you don't have a plant you're not like we I don't try it out. I'm not much of a planner never having fun. So I kind of There's a lot of rap and then if you're like me, not you as much but if you're like me, you're going to you pretty much pencil in at least one 1 or 2 pukes. Yeah, I'm not a puker. Thanks. So I will puke one or two times at least put after that. The biggest thing I can say is after that first. Puke. Don't take any seconds off go right for your next beer because it'll make it it'll make you tape feel better. It'll make the taste in your mouth better. Yeah, and you just go for it. Yeah. Luckily. I'm not I'm not A puker I mean, I've only puked four or five times in my life from drinking and don't eat the also don't eat. I'm pretty sure that's not true. You should eat something save me something in the morning to drop her. You should eat something fairly big in the morning because you don't know when your next meals dude. It's like when it's like if you were like again like at War and like your village got sacked and you don't know when you're gonna eat again. You don't know when the next meal is going to be you might be right you might not eat again because if you're downtown all those food places are usually crowded you're not going to wait in line. If you're lucky you can get a hotdog somewhere outside for maybe a couple bucks. I don't need you don't need ever. Um, hey today at stake. Yeah, you didn't drink today. I'm drinking right now. Okay, but I'm saying you didn't you didn't have like you weren't like on a bender that you're drinking a glass of wine. Yeah, so ask, um, No, but yeah, like parade it you should eat something big if you like coffee like me. I usually have a coffee in the morning anyway, so I'll probably think I was going to say I just put a little whiskey in there. I'm just a few guy but it also depends like if you're driving somewhere, you know, if you're driving to a location, I wish I recommend but mosses and drive anywhere. It's literally it's a pain to Park Place is it just depends where you're going? If you're going to a friend like to drive if you've had anything to drink driving in downtown Binghamton is just annoying it not driving. Coming downtown Binghamton is just annoying in general whether you're sober and like you're not sober or not. But if it whether it's like a day like parade they or it's a Wednesday night. Like it's just it's just annoying. Just wondering what kind is that? Yo, yo, chill and we've had that for a really long time. Okay, so I asked people on Instagram to send. They're drunk as per A Day stories before we go through some of the things we got Moss. Do you have anything that sticks out in your mind? You're usually too drunk to remember anything probably memory is just terrible in general. And then if you add in the fact that it's Parade day usually black out by 1:00 p.m. What to p.m. Something like that? I don't really nothing comes to mind. Really. I have a couple that I remember pretty well one of them. Okay, one of them it was this is the same here these two stories. I was pretty young. I may have been 21 or 20 and I went to a bar with one of our friends. It was just me and her and I somehow lost her in there just because there were so many people and I got a call from another person saying to go to Tom Marty's and I said, okay and then he texted me and said never mind, you know. It's a super long line, which I did unintentionally was I caught probably a hundred fifty people in line and I got in the bar immediately and I was handed a beer tower and I drank an entire beer tower by myself in ten minutes. That was pretty much that part of the day that I know. That was the last thing I really remember I'm so excited for Saturday. I gonna be there. I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on the questionable list more like Out for Obama the question. I will be around that either regarder. Yeah, I will be out that night regardless that so if you're a real one. You're one of the you're one of the men or women not one of the boys or girls. I will see people that I am prayed that in our drunk tank much. That's yeah, where is she wearing shirts? If you still got your shirt, please ask us because we are trying to get rid of them. Hey and you know what it only cost you $5 if you want me to autograph it. So it's true or drink. Yeah, I mean drink autograph for you. Hmm. Um, so you know, I cut that line and tell Marty is the one time and my cousin's like how The fuck did you get in here so fast, I was like, oh, there's no line. I looked I thought it was a line Uncle Tony's boss it that was the pros. The time is 9 so I caught literally maybe a hundred fifty people. She happened the other year. We went to business the one year. It was the same year. We went to see him and I got really yeah. It's like if their gym you can just like it's just a bunch of alcohol and like three I gotta I went with like wanker. I don't remember fewer they're not but I went wanker and They gave me a bunch of tickets like you can in like everything cost tickets. It's not like money you pay like 20 bucks for how many tickets I got pretty fucked up and I just got pizza. Like I got like 13 piece of pizza and just started handing them out to people on the streets. That was the one thing. I didn't really like I realized my Robin Hood. Well, I thought the Beards free which makes no sense now thinking about it. I don't know why I made sense and when it was happening, I don't know I just because there was like So much beer, I thought it was like I thought it was complimentary and then the last one was last year. This is my favorite one. I did it. I did the Cardinals that I fell asleep. I fell asleep at like 7:00 coward and see. Um, honey what you say money, I woke up and my I had a friend that called me three times. and I called her back and she said where are you and I looked around and I was like To be honest, I really don't know. I thought we were at my one friend's house black was only there once it was dark. I didn't really know and she goes. Well, it says you're a nice egg stadium and I looked in on my snap Maps. It showed me at nice a stadium with a fucking foam finger in my hand. This was last. Yeah and like a beer in my hand watching a baseball game and I heard my other buddy thought my other buddy was like he's probably sleeping in left field. It was not sleeping in the Outfield and Going back downtown I end up recovering but I think that is I think if you're falling asleep I said, I think you're falling asleep. You're probably not going to get back out there. I think it's very hard to do is drink some Red Bull and that's not even just like that's just like any time you drink during the day. It's it's very hard. I mean it is if you get drunk twice a day, it's crazy it see if it was easy. Everyone would do it. Yep. It's not easy. It's it's a hard thing to do to Lifestyle and you don't make it out Saturday. A night then. God Bless but fuck you. Okay, so these are some of the The answers people had brother craziest parade a moment's some of these aren't that crazy. I mean they like they are but that's bright day. This person said clym to roll down a 50-foot snowbank. Man, that's not good 50 foot snow bank is bad. I don't know if I believe it was 50 feet 50 feet seems it's five stories as I got 10 feet or was is that true think so look that up on your phone. I think a story is like a hundred feet. You know, that's not true. That sucks metal way closer stories. Not ten feet. I think that's a basketball hoop. Yeah. There's no way it's time to be. I don't want story right now. How do you think this is 10 feet? No way way more than 10 feet. That's probably had feet. This is yours the eat. It was a quickest answer I've ever ever gotten. All right hand up. He's wrong. Thanks. Google hit up. I was wrong. Fuck you Alexa. Um, Mine was almost getting hit by a car. I'm quoting this almost getting hit by a car in front of me. And Paul was just going to let it happen that's worded like a moron but ya know this kid was walking and I saw a car coming and he was very drunk and he just didn't see it. And he was just I was going to let it happen. Imma. Let me just it's every man for himself. Let me today. I know this kid, it's every day. The world would have been a better place if you got hit by that car I didn't But it's every Antonia. It's every man for himself. It's like Survivor dodgeball. You have no friends in this game. You may think you have friends. This game be have no friends in this game. Shoutout Jane Eyre. Yeah only true for he's no role. Yeah Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll. Yeah, no role. No, but yeah, I look man, it's I'm worried about myself. I am I can't be protecting somebody else in this situation. Like I have I have myself to worry about and I see I don't care about myself. Why would I care about someone else? I got you. Don't care about yourself. You're saying yes. Okay, that's pretty dark. But okay next question. Okay, my friend was in line at a bar outside of a bar and start pissing on this guy's leg. Daddy's crazy. That is crazy. Who was it? I can't see who I was fairly confident. So I can't say who it was but that's not all I can play off here. But I would I mean even all things considered with Parade day like as crazy as it is what we're saying if I wasn't lying somebody pissed on my leg, I don't know. Well, let's talk I'd be up. So let's talk about p.m. For a day because you know, that's the next one. That's next. Oh, okay. Yeah. No, but I mean you would you would I don't think you would say anything honestly. What if I got peed on yeah. Peed on me dude. I think something good. I think somebody could just beat the shit out of you. Take your money and you just start laughing it sprayed a man. Yeah, like I don't think like that guys having a good time. Yeah, it probably coming. Sorry. I probably had a comment. You know, I probably gave me a weird look a couple hours ago. Well, that's nothing. I give everybody a weird look on Friday because when I want to I just go so fucking lazy around three o'clock. The only remember yeah, I've noticed that the lazy I didn't have its all-time. Remember I used to do it when I was laughing. That wasn't lazy. You just shut your one eye and your want your other I got really big and it wasn't laughs. Nobody was like that's just what happens when I laugh. I don't know what you want from me. I mean keep her fucking eyes open or closed both. You can't leave one eye open. You look like a fucking Cyclops. I understand but Okay, but yeah, no, this is our next one. I piss on the floor of Uncle Tony's. I was there that time and it that's kind of crazy. Well dude is this bar was packed to the brim and we were all there was like six of us sitting at a table in this guy didn't say anything. He just pulls pulls Johnson out and just start peeing right Ronson. You'd starts just started peeing on a table. That was awesome. Shout out your and good for you. Did anyone say anything to him? No, I thought it was funny. What year was that? You think it was a probably 2015 or 16 definitely 2015 or 16? Probably probably 15. I think. Well, there was a few there was like a lot. I've only gone out. I'm pretty like three or four years. Well I pissed in the corner if he had no, I mean this guy on the floors, it's tough. I knock on what I've never done that. I pissed on the library that one year though now on The Librarian from the library everyone everyone relax I pissed in front of the library. I tried to get into the library to pay but it was locked Ping's pianos what I was not easy wanker. He can back me up on that story. We try to go in the library to P. It was locked. It's a name job. So I mean, that's fine when we don't want to talk about something like like we were talking about before but yeah, I don't mean maker went to pee we went and we were trying to the library couldn't get in. So we Peter on the other side no harm. No foul. I'm a better man for it. I don't know me better man for it. But I did it happened this last one. We have this guy said I blacked out in a porta potty last year. That's bad every day. That's bad. There's not a good day to black out Port body. So I know he said this could be honest to be honest. No before you say anything to me, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Is there ever a good situation be in a porta potty? Like ever like I don't think I've ever been in a porta potty when I wasn't wasted. I mean, you're probably there when you were younger, I don't think it did porta-potties when I was younger. What did you mean? You didn't do you didn't do them? Like you just didn't piss or I don't think I want to events that porta-potties were at when I was younger. You must have thought I remember you had to there like a birthday big ears big birthday party had fucking porta potty if it was outside. Maybe I don't have a lot of friends when I was younger. I don't know. Well, I'm that's probably true. But I can't think of any ways time ever being a point is how do you know that you blacked out in a porta potty? Because he probably was somewhere blacked out and woke up in the porta potty. Oh you woke up and then for Ducati that is that is huge difference. What did you think? I thought that like his blackout like started when it was like he was hanging out in the porta potty. He blacked out. I don't know like he was in a portable. I don't know. Well we can ask after this but I read that is they were drinking somewhere blacked out woke up and a porta potty. That's a nice. That is what crazier than when I was you wake up in a porta potty. Re-evaluate some it's kind of that crazy. They probably to take a piss and then you just you just go to sleep. Maybe they were taking a shit and just said now that makes more sense suggests. But if your shit in a porta potty kill yourself, sometimes you just gotta shit even should have poured a body. I've never once shit in fortified consider fucking confidence. I don't think I have either I really don't use pork pies unless it's like all I used to be a notorious Party shedder happen one time. Yeah. Okay. That was sick. I was sick. You're like a sore throat don't you died of stomach flu and I was drinking you're fucked up. I shit one time in a party in my life and I've been drinking for a very long time. I think that's good. That's good record. I was just funny. Yeah. I mean it was it was pause and take a shit. You know, that's like what happened 400 people there or not, but it wasn't n it was one of 10 less than 20. I'm 25 probably but yeah, no, I'm not a notorious I did it once and I stand by it tourists in my book. I mean, what would you have done if you were me I was shit before I went to the party but I got sick. I don't think you guys should I think you're making mad. I'm not I had to go. Would you have some bad salmon or something? You fucking fruit loop? I don't think this was during my salmon faced all you think I can get sick from like like because it Which fish I eat again, there's something in there. There's do it all the time. They're fine sea bears. When you meet bears eat fish. Oh, yeah would like why are you kidding me? That's like all the Salmon, but they don't go in water very often that you are so I'm very bad looking described very bad with him. Are you hitting my very better than animals? I'm very bad with that. There's like eat a lot of fish a lot. They catch it in my mouth. I think I saw a meme one to the bear that had his like pause know they catch you with their mouths. And this this this is a bad meme that this is here is a mission for me. I'm very better than I don't know. I don't know any what kind of I don't know anything about liking fabian's or reptiles. I don't know any of that stuff. I'm very bad with animals. I never had a pet growing up not even a goldfish. I had a statue of a cat for a while. I had to funny story my mom never let it in my head for fish growing up. There. Were there were three goldfish and want suckerfish. What's up? Fish it sucks the algae off the screen of the like thing because the fucking vacuum basically all my fish is names were we're Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy, it's Sean. They were like my best friends and then my mom what to clean my fish tank and like and then like week after she like for ice in there. Yeah. She bleached it. They fucking died was a oh my God, just get you just killed all the Jeremy's a picture with you. Was there a way you can tell them apart? No, they are girls go. They're all just so how's it going? That's cheer me up. What the fuck are we Jeremy Jeremy Sean. We had some good times Brothers. Oh miss you. All right P pour some out. Or do you have anything else? Oh shit. I just miss Weinstein hear me. Yeah, I might sleep here tonight your dreams. All right. Well, I want to see I want to talk about something else. I think. Oh, I think Tom Brady's leaving officially. Well, I think Hanks retiring. So who cares I will kill you in your sleep. Okay, but okay what's with this way like Hank Is he good still? Yes. Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure because it's a percentage like 75% to yeah bad game, but it wasn't even his fault and it's a percentage this season's decent. True or false is the third best goalie on the roster. I still in a playoff game. There's I would take Hank over the other two guys. question answered but in Tom Brady left that killman, why do the guy fuck you then kill me also failing and Brady and the Dome that's a wreck and grow. That's a wreck Grill. Next question is all I got I am in you know, see you bro. Oh, this is a tweet that I had a long time ago. It was a Tyrion Lannister GIF actually going to right now. Oh, it's about parade. That was last year dude. I have a I have a Tyrion Lannister parade a shirt. I hope he says I drink I know things it's quite have that mug. I have that mug in the kitchen out there, but this was 364 days ago. I tweeted this out. It says Binghamton New York. It's not the best. Some would say it's one of the more depressing places you ever come across. I think we're like on national news for that. What for what for being one of the most depressing places in the country? I think that was like for violence. I think there was like nine stabbings in a row then like that like shot us up though those rankings pretty hard. And then I think there was a shooting by Kennedy or something. Oh, I do like the kid who got shot and Kennedy was in one of my classes. He got me. You got a name and class because he just couldn't come to class. He got shot. I would take a bullet if I can get an A. Where'd he get shocked Oleg? Oh, yeah. Are you in the car? I walked past it as he was getting posted put in the ambulance. It was it was right that Ken it was right by the Old Hockey house was this like was it like late at night or so it was oh, yeah. It was like really drunk 30. I don't know if he was drunk. I didn't really know the guy that much it was in he was in my English class at broom. That's not just got mad. No, but I would take a shot like for $50 probably. Yeah, I mean, yeah. As long as there was no term long term damage not what do I care? Fuck this basketball season up. Don't tell you that probably didn't know he played basketball. He was a basketball team. Okay came to New York. It's not the best. Some would say one more depressed place. You'll ever come across. There's very little do other than have a few beverages with your peers. What an asshole word peers say friends. This is your Tweet. Yep. Today is the epitome AA today's our Super Bowl. Winter is here. All winter is here. Best of luck out there winter is fucking here. Well this parade a last year. I did. I didn't watch I havent watched Game of Thrones or ended it. Do you remember we were in Cortland the day before the Thrones Premiere and I kept doing the it was my birthday. I kept doing the Renault did it like I did it probably a thousand times. I'm surprised them to punch me in the face. man, I wish we had a camera Thrones Premiere this That's it for this episode the drunk tank podcast presented by nobody follow us on Instagram follow us on Instagram a drunk tank podcast her at the DT pod. Don't forget to like, yeah like I guess like our posts. I don't know just subscribe on Apple podcast. Leave a review. Oh, oh, oh, no, shout-out Lucas Scott state championship wrestling kids a fucking Legend. 285 that's a man's weight. He's second best movie Scott Hunter. Wow, that's hunting a shot just because they're pulled like in the both Legends. Yeah, it's just that's a name. That's a power name. Make sure you where you share on Parade where your shirt if you don't have your shirt yet DM. Yeah. I'm the drunk ain't got because we split up the shirts. I'm awesome. I have yours or I might if you still need it shipped I'm gonna text to people that I didn't give it to this weekend. So we should be good. Yeah, I only show that we I get out this way. I only have a few people laughed. I have more than a few. Yeah, because yeah, yeah, I'm not too uh-huh. Drink your cars Roll Roll Roll No roll roll roll forks forks role for strong broforce real Force.