I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her. Thank you. Why don't we give that to Jesus? Why don't we think and for the mighty presence that we've already experienced thus far? It's not over but God we thank you because you know exactly what we need this weekend Jesus Hallelujah Jesus. I am so honored to be here excited. I'm full of anticipation and along with the anticipation. I'm full of expectation because I'm believing God to do exceeding abundantly above all that we can ask or think I've come to this conference expecting a move of the spirit and not just any move but a mighty move of the spirit. I've come to this conference expecting strongholds to be torn down. I've come This conference expecting Hearts to be healed. I've come to this conference expecting addictions to be broken. I've come with an expectation because I know God is able and I believe there's a group of ladies here in Alabama that agree with me we serve a mighty God and he is able he is able to do the impossible and I know fully with my whole heart he's gonna do it in this place this weekend. I want to give honor high honor. To the Alabama the beautiful Alabama ladies president sister Bertram, aren't you thankful for your ladies president who leads with vision and passion who loves the ladies and the churches of Alabama and you're wonderful General General District superintendents wife sister Davidson. I love her. She's such a great friend to my mother and I appreciate her. sister Robert sister Penton And the amazing ladies team that joins alongside of our leadership to make this week in happen. Didn't you love the beautiful decorations that you saw as you came in? I was just blown away. It definitely matches your theme first class because everything I've seen thus far is first class. I appreciate the amazing Hospitality that I've already experienced so far and when I got into my room, what a fabulous. Right sister Labatt fabulous gift basket beautiful definitely first class, but my favorite was this beautiful, you know, you have this beautiful Tiffany color throughout and it's his beautiful box. I'm pretty sure it probably Came From Tiffany's if it didn't it sure looked like it did it has beautiful satin bow on it and you open it and everything inside of that box is from Alabama. Now, is that a first-class touch or what? I mean beautiful things and everything in there was from Alabama. I just thought that was awesome. And I really appreciate that. I have some sweet friends from Alabama here as well not this one is not here physically, but in spirit, I love my sweet friend sister, Deanna Thomas. I know you all know her. I love her so much. She's a friend to me. And I also love my other sweet friend transported here to Alabama sister Becca Johnson wherever you're at somewhere here. I love you. I appreciate your friendship. I am so excited not only to be here but tonight to hear the ministry of sister Labatt and I was high at a high honor of chaperoning her daughter Ashland. We and in Madagascar and ayc trip you haven't gone on one you should so I'm anxious to hear what God has spoken to the heart of sister live bat and I cannot wait, but lastly before I get into what I feel God has given me for today. I want to give honor to my amazing mother. without her prayers Don't stop praying for your children moms. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous mother avails much you're going to win if you keep praying for your children because prayers never die. Without her prayers and example and without her caring for my for babies. I definitely would not be standing here today. So I'm so thankful for my mother if we could all stand and I'm going to go into the word Psalms chapter 23 verse 5 and then we're going to go to Proverbs chapter 4 verse 23. Psalms chapter 23 verse 5. I'm going to read the NIV version. You prepare a table before me in the presence of mine enemies you anoint my head with oil my cup overflows. Proverbs 4:23 the NIV version Above All Else guard your heart for everything you do flows from it. The King James version of that verse says keep thy heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues of Life the ESV version keep your heart with all vigilance for from it flow the Springs of Life the NLT guard your heart above all else for Determines the course of your life for the next few moments. I like to talk to you on this subject the Unseen disease the Unseen disease Lord Jesus. We love you and we praise you and God we aren't Marty so thankful and grateful God for the mighty presence that we have already felt this far, but God I pray that your word will penetrate our hearts today. I pray your word will uplift and encourage and restored to date you. Jesus I pray God that every need will be met in this place do the miraculous in your mitts God in the mighty name of Jesus. We love you and we praise you and everybody said amen. You may be seated ladies. My desire is to have a heart that overflows with his spirit and love don't you want that kind of heart today? But you know in order for there to be an overflow there must first be a flow. What flows into your heart will determine what overflows out of your heart and out of your life You see my dad has always been a pretty healthy and active young man as he would like to be referred to but racquetball is my dad's favorite sport. He loves to play and he's played this sport all of his life typically during a week. My dad will play racquetball three times a week, but about seven years ago. It was another typical day on the court playing racquetball with his friends. He usually plays around four to five games. And he liked me to add he usually wins. During the second game in this particular day. He realized that his strength was gone, and he was very winded his teammates that he plays with were surprised. That he couldn't play another game. He literally couldn't get through the game. He was currently in you know, he thought it was due to probably not getting enough sleep from the night before and he just brushed it off but later that day my Mom and my Dad decided to go take a little walk literally just down the street to visit my grandmother Midway my dad stops and he is out of breath. He couldn't walk. He couldn't take another step and he was having trouble breathing. My mom walked the rest of the way home. She got her car and immediately took my father to the cardiologist who a lady in our church works for when the cardiologist examined my father. He told him it was a miracle that he was even alive at that moment because after examination the cardiologist discovered that three of his arteries were over 90% blocked and he would need a triple. Bypass immediately during his open heart surgery. They ended up doing a quadruple bypass. You see ladies arteries are blood vessels that carry blood rich in oxygen throughout your body. They go to your brain as well as to the tips of your toes healthy arteries have smooth inner walls and blood flows through them easily some people however develop clogged arteries. Clogged arteries result from a buildup of a substance called plaque on the inner walls of the arteries. Artery plaque can reduce blood flow or in some instances block it all together clog arteries increases the likelihood of heart attack stroke and even death because of these dangerous. It is important to be aware no matter how old you are. Sometimes we want to categorize Health disease or heart disease in this case as well that category. I'm not quite there yet, so I don't have to worry about that. But if your arteries are clocked clogged if your 20 30 or 40 you're going to have the same symptoms and it could be very damaging to your body. No matter what age the causes of artery plaque and treatment strategies to prevent these serious has serious consequences, but ladies in our natural heart and body it is imperative that blood flow freely from within us so that we can function properly if there is blockage we are in danger. Ladies in our spiritual heart in order for there to be an overflow of the spirit of God and the love of God there must first be a flow of the spirit within our hearts and our lives. You see ladies, we can't afford for our spiritual Hearts to be clogged if there is something that is blocking the spirit to flow in our heart. There will not be an overflow of his spirit in our lives it all starts. In our hearts, we have to realize that all the outward things might look okay, we can mask it sister Davidson. I've come to first class and I'm hoping I look first class we can wear the beautiful clothes nothing wrong with that we can spend hours in front of the mirror trying to get every hair in place trying to get all the accessories just right in that is wonderful and that is good and you all look beautiful and you all look like you've come to a first class event. However, just because we look great on the outside does not mean everything is okay on the inside. I can mask the outside for a while, but eventually what's going on on the inside is gonna overflow to the outside. I can mask what's happening and what I'm going through for so long, but if I don't take care of it the Overflow is definitely not going to be the Overflow of his spirit. So what we see on the outward is not always a reflection of what is going on in the inward. You see for a while. My dad was able to function normally but there came a time that will what was going on inwardly manifested the symptoms outwardly the flow of your of the spirit of God, and the love of God can be stopped in your life by bitterness. By jealousy by unforgiveness and a lack of prayer and many other things but those are the things I'm going to focus on today bitterness bitterness is defined as anger and disappointment at being treated unfairly. It is synonymous with resentment and envy one of the most well-known stories of bitterness in the Bible is the story of Cain and Abel. You see Cain. The older brother becomes consumed with bitterness for his younger brother Abel. And really bitter towards God when he feels like he was treated unjustly. Relative to his proper prosperous brother Abel when they gave sacrifices to God Abel's sacrifice was accepted and Cain was not and what Cain should have done is taken care of what just happened what just took place but a lot of times we want to point the finger out there when we really should be pointing the finger in here. Not what's what's wrong over there, but what's wrong in here, but you see Kane didn't do that. Kane allow the roots of bitterness to be in his heart probably thinking I'm okay. I'm alright, I'm good. But what he and others might not have seen from the outside. God had a clear picture of what was going on on the inside and because he didn't take care of the bitterness. We know the story eventually came kills his brother out of hatred and pity for himself this classic story ladies warns us of the sinful essence of bitterness. We must take ownership of our situations and relinquish. What is out of our control to God? I think it's imperative to discover some notable scriptures about bitterness in the Bible. You see Kane had a heart problem that he didn't fix and eventually what was going on on the inside of him overflowed. Acts 8 23 says for I see that you are full of bitterness and captive to sin when we're full of bitterness ladies my BFF over here might not know or maybe she does. She's your BFF. She might not you might know a little bit more what's going on the inside, but maybe other ladies don't know but when bitterness is going on in here. We're not free out here when bitterness is going on in here. We are captive the word of God says we are captive to sin Colossians 3:8 says but now he also put off all of these anger wrath malice blasphemy filthy communication out of your mouth Ecclesiastes. 7:9 do not be quickly provoked in your spirit for anger resides in the lap of fools Proverbs 14 10 each heart. Those its own bitterness and no one else shares. Its Joy James 1:19 and 20 my dear brothers and sisters take note of this. Everyone should be quick to listen slow to speak and slow to become angry because human anger does not produce the righteousness that God desires anger will not produce righteousness. I don't care how long you've been in church. I don't care if you know every beat of the song every word. It's all the lyrics bitterness does not produce righteousness bitterness does not produce the gifts and the fruit of the spirit anger does not produce an overflow of the spirit and power of God in Hebrews chapter 12 verses 14 and 15 make every effort to live in peace with everyone and to be holy without Holiness. No one will see the Lord in verse 15 see to it that no one falls short of the grace of Got and that no Bitter Root grows up to cause trouble and defile many. Right here. The word of God in Hebrew says bitter roots. grows up bitter doesn't stay small inside of you bitter Miss grows. The Bible says no Bitter Root grows up and what happens when it grows up, it causes trouble and it defiles many. So this is a clue ladies when we have been Earnest within us. It's not just going to affect us it affects everyone around us. It's going to affect your family. It's going to affect your children. It's going to affect your coworkers. It's going to affect the sisters in the brothers in your church. Bitterness will affect those around you Ecclesiastes chapter 4 verses 31 and 32 get rid of all bitterness rage and anger brawling and slander along with every form of malice. Be kind and compassionate to one another forgiving each other just as Christ forgave you get rid of it get rid of it. It is poison. Yes. It is. Number two Envy or jealousy. I'm talking about things that is going to clog up. Or restrict the flow of the spirit of God in your life Envy. What is Envy? It's a feeling of discontentment or resentment aroused by someone else's possessions qualities or luck. What is jealous being jealous. It's a feeling or showing Envy of someone or their achievements and advantages. You see ladies jealousy is like an acid inside of you. It's slowly eats away at everything. Good and positive it's poisoned your emotions and your mindset so that you dwell on the negative instead of using positive thinking you see jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own. And I understand that we live in a social media world. I understand that Instagram and Facebook world. I understand it. I understand that. We're only seeing the Highlight Reel of someone's life through pictures and posts and a lot of times ladies if we're not careful. We mistake it for their everyday reality and if we are not careful, we begin to compare someone else's perfect Instagram lies home and family to your own. And ladies, I've come to remind you comparison is the thief of Joy when you begin to compare. The enemy of your stall is stealing the joy out of your life. It's sucking the joy out of your life. What I'm more concerned about what they're doing regret and other words. I'm so concerned about what God is blessing them with and what happens when I compare is where in essence I'm telling God what you bless me with is not good enough what you bless me with his not. Off. I want Their Blessings. But God is saying you know what you need to realize where I brought you from. You need to realize the blood of Jesus and what it's covered in your life. You need to realize that God is the same yesterday today and forever. I've got to be thankful. Not ungrateful. I can't compare. I can't compare why because I've got a guard the joy of the Lord because what is the joy of the Lord It's my strength and when you feel weary Maybe do a heart check and maybe think am I comparing am I secretly in Vitor jealous of somebody else and a lot of times we are and we just don't want to admit it. James chapter 3 verses 14 and 15. But if you have bitter jealousy and selfish ambition in your hearts do not boast and be false to the truth. This is not the wisdom that comes down from above but is Earthly unspiritual and get this lady's demonic. Bitter in jealousy is no small themes. If it's in US it has to come out verse 16 of James chapter 3 for where jealousy and selfish ambition exist. There will be disorder and every vile practice Proverbs Chapter 14 verse 30 says a sound heart is life to the body, but Envy is rottenness to the bones. Envy is eating me up if it's going on inside of me. The third thing is unforgiveness that can restrict the flow of the spirit in our lives many people ruin their health and their lives by taking the poison of bitterness resentment and unforgiveness. Matthew chapter 18 23 through 35. I'm paraphrasing tells us that if we do not forgive people we get turned over to the torturers. And if you have a problem in this area or ever had one of not forgiving someone I'm sure you bear witness with what I'm saying. It is torture to constantly have hateful thoughts towards someone else rolling around inside your head ladies that is torture that you shouldn't be having to deal with can I ask you a question ladies today? Who are you helping most when you forgive the person? Hurt you. You are helping yourself more than the other person. You know forgiving people is not an easy task. I wish you could I could stand here and say it is but it really isn't it goes against human nature if someone wrongs me. It is my right. To withhold forgiving them. It is my right to remember the wrong the hurt the pain that they caused me forgiveness. Those counter against our human nature. It seems so unfair for that person to receive forgiveness. When I'm the one that received the hurt. It's so unfair for that person to receive forgiveness when my heart is the one that is broken. They have freedom is what I think without having to pay for the pain that they've caused me. But really that's not the case. I'm helping myself when I choose to forgive. I'm happier and feel better physically when I'm not filled with the poison ladies of unforgiveness, you know, and I'm also helping the other person by releasing them to God so that he can do what only he can do. What is the word say vengeance is mine. Sayeth the Lord. It doesn't say vengeance is mine. Sayeth Amber huizar vengeance is mine saith the Lord. And if I'm in the way trying to take revenge or take control of the situation myself. Then at that point God has no obligation to deal with that person. However, if we trust God and choose to forgive he will take care of the rest. You see ladies. The act of forgiving is our seed of obedience to his word to his word. Once we've sewn our seed he is faithful to bring a harvest of blessing to us one way or another why because we forgive Mark chapter 11 verses 22 to 26 again. I'm paraphrasing but these verses clearly teach us that unforgiveness hinders our faith from working or flowing within us. You see the father above above the King of Kings the Lord of lords our savior. He cannot forgive us if we don't forgive others. In fact, that's the only sin that he cannot forgive and that is the sin of Miss if we don't forgive God can't forgive us. I don't care if you pray in your prayer Warrior. God bless you and bless your heart if you pray five hours a day if you're harboring unforgiveness. You're you're just uh touring words. We reap what we sow Ladies If you so Mercy you're going to reap were see and you know what? We are all going to be in need of Mercy someday. So I want to be the first to so Mercy if we so judgment we're going to reap judgment. So I implore you today ladies do yourself a favor and forgive? What are just some benefits of forgiving others your fellowship with God your relationship with God flows freely when you're willing to forgive but it will get blocked. If you choose not to forgive you realize again that the only sin that God can't forgive is the sin of unforgiveness. The word of God says in 2nd Corinthians chapter 2 verse 10 and 11 forgiveness keeps Satan from getting an advantage over us when we're harboring unforgiveness. Satan has an advantage over us. Ephesians 4 26 and 27 tells us to not let the sun go down on our anger or give the devil any such foothold or opportunity. The devil must have a foothold before he can have a strong hold. We always think I can open up the door a little bit. And it won't swing wide open but the devil only needs a foothold before he establishes a stronghold. So we have to be quick to forgive. finally one of the restrictions of the spirit of God flowing within us is a lack of prayer. You see ladies prayerlessness is not fundamentally a discipline problem. It is a faith problem. Prayer is the language of Faith John Calvin called prayer the chief exercise of Faith. That's why when faith is awake and surging in US prayer doesn't feel like a burden or an obligation. It feels natural. It's how Faith most instinctively speaks through our prayer throughout the Bible faith and prayer are linked together. One of the clearest examples is Jesus statement in John chapter 15 verse 7 if you abide in me and my words abide in you ask whatever you wish and it will be done for you. Abiding in Jesus is Faith. It is fully believing. What's in this book? When I say I abide in faith? That means what the Bible says is true or what the bible promises it's going to come to pass. I fully believe what's in this book ladies and I fully stand on every promise that's in the word of God asking whatever you wish is prayer the Bible tells us to trust in God at all times Psalm 62 8 to pray at all times in the spirit Ephesians 6:18 to believe in God John 14:1 and to ask of God Luke 11 verse 9 prayer is the chief exercise of Faith John 15:7 shows us that God's word. Faith and prayer are all joined and linked together. You see faith is a response to God's word Romans 10:17 faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. If God's words ladies are his personal active presence and then to put your trust in God's words is to put your trust in God. So if our trust is in God and God says ask whatever you wish then our natural expression of our faith in God is prayer. But when our natural response to God is a lack of prayer then I can promise you if you are real with yourselves and you do a heart check. There is something restrictive going on in your heart if your heart is not overflowing with prayer. I saw this illustration you might have to and I just thought it fits so perfectly with what we're talking about today. I want you to picture I'm going to hold up this bottled water, but I want you to imagine that this is a cup and it has coffee in it who likes coffee. All right. We got some coffee lovers and drinkers. I just I feel like I just became an adult like a year and a half ago because I did not drink coffee. I know I know I'm sorry. I missed out a lot. Okay, I'm making up for it though. My husband is like a coffee. He's like on another level. I don't even I don't I can't even describe that level. I'm sure there's some of those levels are present today, but I'm kind of like that girl that you've seen those sayings. I had coffee to my creamer. So I kind of call myself a fake coffee drinker if that's a thing. But yeah, yeah, give me some creamer, please because I'm just not at all yours levels. Okay, but I want you to Picture This is a cup of coffee or if you're at egal. It's the cup of tea. Okay, so I want you to imagine that you're holding your cup of coffee or tea and someone comes along and bumps into you or shakes your arm making you spill your coffee everywhere. Has that ever happened to somebody or some people like maybe me I don't even need someone to bump into me. It could just happen. I have four kids. I'm going to get bumped. Okay, holding a cup of coffee or tea is just straight dangerous in my home. Okay, but we've probably all experienced this in some way or another and you think why did you spill the coffee? Why did the coffee spill in our natural response because somebody bumped into me wrong answer? You spilled the coffee because there was coffee in your cup had there been tea in your cup. You would have spilled tea you see this cup could be beautiful on the outside refined and sparkly. However, you like it. Whatever your taste is when it comes to coffee or tea cups, but whatever is inside the cup is what's going to spill out. So we have to ask ourselves today. Ladies. What's in my cup when life gets tough? What spills over is it Joy? Is it gratefulness is it peace is a humility or is it anger? Is it bitterness? Is it harsh words in reactions? Life provides the cup, but you you you say me point to yourself. Life provides a cup, but you choose how to feel it. So today ladies, we need to work on filling our cups with gratitude filling our lives and our hearts with forgiveness filling our mouths with joy our words of affirmation kindness gentleness and a love with others because life is going to happen. Life will happen we will get shaken up and that's okay. But my question to you is be honest with yourself if life shook you today, what would spill over? I'm going to close with the following true story if the musicians and praise team can please come. I read this story about a young man and so as I read it, it's him writing it. It's not me and I was so honestly I was so convicted in my spirit at the end of the story. So I'm going to read this to you today because it just ties in when we're talking about the Unseen disease in our hearts The Roots. That have sprouted up within us that we're trying to cover. So no one can see. And The Story Goes Like This a few years ago. The Lord challenged me about my level of spiritual hunger. He showed me that even though I had stood in many prayer lines and repeatedly sung the words Lord. I want more of you. I wasn't as passionate for him as I thought I was my church sponsored a conference on the Holy Spirit at the close of one service. I was lying on the floor near the altar asking God for another Touch of his power. In my mind, I could see a large pipeline at least eight feet in diameter. I was looking at it from the inside and I could see a shallow stream of gold golden liquid flowing out of the bottom the oil in the giant pipe was only a few inches deep. I began a conversation with the Lord. What are you showing me I asked. This is the flow of the holy spirit in your life. He answered it was not an encouraging picture. In fact, it was pitiful the capacity of the pipeline was huge enough to convey tons of oil yet. Only a trickle was coming out. Then I noticed something else several large valves were lined up along the sides of the pipeline and each of them was shut closed. I wanted to ask the Lord why there was so oil why there was so little oil in my life instead. I asked what are those valves? And why are they closed? Ladies, this is when it hit me his answer. Send me those valves represent the times when you said no. Why should I increase the level of anointing if you aren't available to use it the word stung in my heart. When had I said no to God, I was overcome with emotion and begin to repent. I recall different excuses. I had made and limitations. I had placed on how God could use me. I had told God I didn't want to be in front of crowds because I wasn't a good speaker. I have told him if that I could preach like my pastor does then I didn't if I couldn't preach like my pastor does then I didn't want to speak or preach at all. I had told him that I didn't want to address certain issues or go to certain places. I had placed so many cumbersome conditions on my obedience to God. After a while, I began to see something else in my spirit. It was a huge crowd of African men assembled as if they were in a large Arena and I saw myself preaching to them. Nobody had ever asked me to minister in Africa, but I knew at that moment I need to so I needed to surrender my will. All I could think to say was the prayer of Isaiah here. I am God send me then I told God is tears begin streaming down my face. I would go anywhere and say anything. He asked I laid my insecurities my fears and inhibitions on the altar. three years later I stood at a Pulpit inside a sports arena in Nigeria as I addressed a crowd of over 8,000 pastors who assembled before there a training conference. I remembered seeing their faces and that Vision three years prior and now I realized that God had opened a new valve in my life that day when I was on the floor at that altar in my church because I said, yes, he increased the flow of the anointing and the oil in the spirit so that it can reach. thousands of those around me You see ladies many of us have a habit habit of asking for more of God's power and anointing but God's looking down on us and he said but what are you going to use it for? Your valves are shut? He doesn't send his power to his anointing just so that we can feel good. You see ladies. We love to go to the Altar for a touch from God. We love the Goosebumps the shaking the emotion of the moment. We love to follow the floor and experience one fin feeling after another but I'm afraid some of us are soaking up the anointing but not giving it away are charismatic experience has become Inward and selfish. We get up off the floor and then we live our lives like we want to. If we truly want to be empowered we must offer God and on it qualified. Yes, and we must crucify every no we must become a conduit to reach others. Not a reservoir with no Outlet. Can we all stand I'm asking you ladies today to search your own heart. And I want you to see if there's closed valves in the pipeline of your heart is the anointed trying to burst through your spirit today, but something shot maybe there's roots of bitterness and jealousy and unforgiveness that need to be taken out. So the valves can be open so that the anointed can flow freely. And so that that annoyed team can reach others and affect others. because as I surrender to him And as I repented say God take it out. Take it out. I fast it long enough. I can't fake it anymore. The rid of bitterness. It is the in jealousy and unforgiveness is eating me alive for so many years God I brewed it today. So that the flow of your spirit can flow freely through my life. He's here to do that for you today this morning ladies. He's here to uproot. things that started so long ago that you thought maybe wouldn't affect you but it really has but God saying give it to me today. I want to open up the valves of your heart. I want the channels, but my spirit of my anointing can flow freely if that's your desire. Why don't you come forward to this halter? Why don't you lift up your hands? Why don't you surrender it to God right. Now God's ready to move God's word is ready to take action in your heart Hallelujah Jesus right now God reach out to him. Ladies. I wonder if there's a desperate lady today. I wonder if there's a desperate lady that will have the title The Hem of His Garment. I wonder if there's a desperate mom. I got it. Lets go. My kids need me. My children need me. My husband needs me you're going to need. Open up the channels of my horse. The devil is a liar. I see broke. Bro, what do you see eautiful? Betty you can bear What was it again? with toy haha Your Holy Name we God. We thank you for reminding us. We need Jesus. We love you. God be exalted in our lives. If you're praying I don't want to interrupt you, please continue to do so. I just have a few things to let you know first of all, if you are a North American missionary why please stop by the registration Booth we have the little something for you from our community and we like to make sure you get that before you leave for lunch today. Also this afternoon at six we have to split session system. Linda Freeman will be doing a session on teaching home Bible studies. She was the wife of our North American missions director and you will be blessed to be here her teaching sister Lynn. Anderson is going to be teaching us about women's health. And then we have sister Rebecca Johnson who is going to be teaching the young ladies 12 to 17. So please be here at Six for those sessions the doors will open at at five o'clock Unique Boutique will be open. So please come and support all of our local vendors. We appreciate that church starts tonight at 7:00 and we look forward to the ministry of sister Labatt tonight. So come back. See you all tonight. God bless you until we meet again.