Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad. With Maria, I do spells and tarot readings for my amazing clients. I love my clients, but I am currently living in the south in the United States South Carolina would be more specific. I live with my gorgeous wife and my little witchling I started witchcraft when I was about 13 living in Germany where I spent most of my youth and adolescents. I always did what I would consider which he thinks before that though, but it wasn't until Teen that I understood I could be a witch of course while they may not be the best representations of our community. I was drawn in by movies about witchcraft such as Practical Magic and the craft, you know, those really good 90s we were used but I was wise enough to know that I shouldn't really turn to those things for Reliable information. So I definitely read as much as I could all the historical books. In the library to the tiny little new age section in the only shop that was near me like I would sit in front of that bookshelf and bookshelf for like hours just reading spells. The only people that knew I practiced were usually really open about that side of themselves. So I felt comfortable confiding in them identi be extremely introverted and keep to myself that was in the broom closet with my wife up until a few years ago. She was so mad at me for keeping that side of Myself Away. A from her she wasn't mad like oh you're a wet but mainly because she was interested in doing it herself. So now I live in a very magical household where everyone identifies as a witch and I wouldn't have it any other way. I love that and I love you guys so much. How about you Robin? My name is Robin. Obviously, you guys might know me from Instagram with my handle being a tired which and Have a Blog which is also tired, which I have a shop within that blog where I sell intentional oils tarot readings and a variety of other magical tools. I also work as a psychic for a psychic hotline, which is my day job Sottero witchcraft Etc encompasses my entire life. I am happily married to the best guy. Yeah, and we have two cats together. We're currently living in California. I'm from San Francisco originally, but we are up by the Oregon border now as a kid a lot like Maria I was so obsessed with all the spooky shows, you know, the craft Harry Potter and I was a huge fan of vintage horror films, I grew up in a very openly like Paranormal household. We talked about things like Like witchcraft ghouls goblins you name it on the regular my mom's a massive horror buff and we I mean shows like Ghost Hunters was the family show. Yes growing up or America's Most Haunted those sort of things. So it's very natural and easy transition. And so as Maria mentioned about being in the broom closet, although I didn't openly talk about this with people. Oil until a few years ago. It was not something that I also really hid because the to kind of just flowed together and always made sense and I have got nothing. I'm very blessed. I've got nothing but support for my entire family. So it's not something that was surprising to anyone when I was like, oh, yeah, that is something that I'm doing. I think it was more of a surprise and I was like, oh, yeah. I'm working for a psychic hotline and everybody was like what those are still available. So yeah, it was it that that's a little bit about me. It's not that exciting but I am literally a full-time which in every aspect of my life. So I'm very glad now thinking about it. I mean, yeah, it's all-encompassing with. Yeah, it's not it's not that exciting. I don't think it's not exciting but it's just part of life. Yeah. Yeah, it's no different than any job. Right? No, let's get to let's get to the day shall we have yeast? So the first thing we want to start this podcast off with and basically all future podcasts off. It is the upcoming lunar thing. And basically that means for us so coming up it on March 9th is the full moon in Virgo. If you aren't already aware, we are currently in the Pisces new moon and its really waxing to the full moon the Pisces new moon was bringing us this kind of air of dreamy energy and kind of head in the clouds. And that is why it's following full moon in Virgo is so important because it's far more grounded. So we've all been experiencing the hell that is the current retro. Grade, I mean M says that she's had a great time in retrograde and has not a problem cannot personally like it's been a very introspective time where it's I've heard other people say in other Mercury retrograde before where I was like, oh what no, but like I really like I see this have been seeing like it really affecting big businesses, which has really interesting to watch. Looks like it's really like shipping all this shit that they've been hiding. So interesting. Yeah, I I've noticed it but only a little bit but then when we had talked about the other day, I was like, oh, you're right. I hadn't noticed those signs. So that's interesting. So on that note the Mercury retrograde ends on the 10th of March. So the full moon starts on the 9th and retrograde ends on the 10th and the full moon encompasses three full days. So we've got the maiden the mother and the The Crone so if you're trying to wait to do any like massive spell work, you still have extra days post the retrograde so jot that encounters guys, three days worth of full moon party. We love it. We love to see it. This full moon is also a super moon. So if you're trying to bring out the big guns guys, this is the time to do it the Virgin full moon, especially as Talked about before with the Pisces dreamy energy. The Virgo full moon is bringing us back to Earth. We're looking at Organization for this we're looking at embracing practical things Earthly projects. If you're going to start a new project that you know has to do with your day to day Monday and life. This would be the time to do this. This isn't a time not that you can't do creative project, but this is a time to really hone in that kind of energy. and I know that we just started March and I know that some of you myself included, so I'm not trying to add anybody maybe have fallen off the wagon with your New Year's resolutions this new really good time to focus back in on getting the New Year's resolutions on track organizing yourself and kind of making a very practical list of okay here is my resolution here is when I Failed or not failed. That's the wrong word when I stopped doing it. It took a break. Yeah. I took a break. What can I learn from that how can I reassess the situation and move forward? It's very linear very practical. So it's something to really kind of recenter your life with that's the kind of energies were looking at and that doesn't mean that you have to use this whole moon for those kind of organization aspects of your life, but it's definitely something to consider. Better if you're not really sure what to focus on this full moon. I'm going to be concentrating on like sustainable Financial growth. I love that something grounded, you know something that'll last a long time. That's not for the short-term. You know, I feel like that's that would be very good for this Moon Yeah, I completely agree. We have some big Life Changes coming up soon. And so for our full moon. I'm just focusing on organizing that and just being less chaotic. I think part of the reason why retrograde affected me so badly is we've got a lot of stuff going on in our life right now. It's all good things but with good things comes chaos. And so when you've got this dreamy retrograde, it's just so forget about it. I've been a mess plus. I'm a cancer man. Forget about it. I am a I'm a walking disaster my wife's one, too. So yeah, we're Were a delight true Delights? So yeah, if you guys are actually in our Discord, we would like to hear from you guys what kind of energy that you're going to hone in kind of knowing this grounding Virgo nature that comes to the full moon. So we're going to open up that discussion. Probably Saturday. Yeah. I'm excited to hear from you guys. Tell us all about it. We want to hear about all your plans. So each podcast just like we did with the lunar card. We're going to discuss a tarot card. We will first discuss the rider Waite universal meaning and then our own interpretations. We aren't going to share cards in any particular order and most of the time it's going to be look of the draw unless we feel like a card needs to be heard at a certain time. I'm and the car that we're going to be discussing. I feel needs to be heard for this time. So this week we are discussing the moon upright the universal meaning of this card. I feel is kind of- it really focuses on the darkness the unknown and about what's going on in our subconscious, especially with fear illusion and anxiety about choices. We are being faced with the overall meaning can be very vague when you look it up. And these carry big results to readings they really leave it up to your own interpretation. If you look up the meaning of the card, I feel like this card is one of those cards that you get when it is here's the most basic outline of what the card means and now you have to go out into the real world trial and error it and see what that means. Yeah, exactly and then it's like and if you're starting to read your like I don't know what this means which is why if you're listening to this if you picked up a deck yesterday don't start reading people never paid reading now stop that no, knock it off. No take time to form your own opinions and read as many different opinions as you can. Yes. Now the way I view this card couldn't be any more different. I view this card as very empowering or at least a choice to empower ourselves instead of Darkness. I see. Nation just not in the same way as the sun tarot card other rider-waite deck you'll see a domesticated dog a wolf and a crab Two Towers a stream. And of course our lovely Bella Luna when this card pops up for myself or clients. Yes. We are usually feeling pretty lost and unsure of ourselves. But this card shows that we have a choice to find our path but inner work is definitely needed the dog to me represents plank things. Safe taking the easy route staying in our comfort zones conservatism and also the Light Side of ourselves compared to our shadow side each day. We is almost the exact same for the dog. They're set in routine and structure. Nothing really changes for them. They know where their next meal is coming from. They're not really worried about anything that crab to me represents our shells our comfort zones. The crab is right between the two towers to me. It shows making the choices stay. Our shells are getting out of them. So now we have the Majestic whoa of to me a represents. Our wild Untamed Nature's it is such an important figure in witchcraft for a very good reason. It's a side of ourselves that we are the are confident and power-driven and free the wolf is always ready for something new and they use their senses to explore the world around them is a person who represents a wolf scared about going after After a promotion, no, no, they're not they are surviving and they're not letting our opportunities slip them by that would better their circumstances. Are they owning their body and dancing naked under the Moonlight? Oh hell. Yes. They are. I mean, they're not concerned about like how they look to others and they aren't concerned with looking sillier, you know their flaws at all. They're more there's way more important stuff to worry about the wolf lives in the moment and realize it's life is fleeting and about surviving. Unlike the Pampered domestic dog. Now. Once we Embrace this inner wolf of ours and let ourselves step into our power. It will illuminate a whole new side of ourselves. Since you are no longer taking the safe route. You're finding your own personal path that is unique to you and your spirit the one you're always meant to be on but, you know never explored because you know Society told you you couldn't but yes, how do you view this card Robin dear? Well, I feel Like with this card it's very it's very similar to what you said, but for me the moon always represents having to Wild of an imagination. It's quite like when it's very dark outside. You've got the Moonlight shining into your room and you have this pile of clothes in the corner of your bed. It looks like this Ax Murderer that's going to stop beat it up, but when the light turns on it's literally just a pile of your dirty laundry and you need to get your room clean. So for me the Moon is all about taking these aspects of our imagination and taking it to the worst possible kind of nature. It takes you know, when people think that they are seeing signs everywhere. Yeah, they're not really seeing signs. They're just being overdramatic. That is the Moon it takes these spines that are thought to be psychic abilities. He's and are actually just you having a psycho episode not not founder mind people at all. But the signs aren't actually there. You're just reading way too much and over analyzing the situation. We're looking too often at your phone. Yes, or looking way too much of your phone. It's not 1111 y'all are addicted to your phone. And you know, that's okay. I'm not and I'm saying that that is something I am above. I definitely have not but it It's just not the signs aren't there and so for me it's taking that subconscious dream kind of state and bring it into reality and it's just not realistic and that's okay. We all have these fantasies that kind of I don't know bird in our daily lives and times. We just need to kind of reality check ourselves. And that's what the moon is to me. It's about reality checking ourselves and making sure that we're not kind of over analyzing over projecting and You know being a little unrealistic. So yeah, I although just like you said about does the wolf do these things Etc. It's the same kind of energy except for we are always the wolf but we think were the domesticated dog. Does that make sense? I love that. Yeah. Definitely. I've you like especially when the card is reversed. Not that we're talking about through first moon, but like the It has taken over our life and you know, we're two wild and we need to dial it down a little bit for me. The moon reverse is I mean again, I know we're not supposed we're talking about it here. It is versus taking Matt unrealistic, you know, I'm seeing signs everywhere and it's taken up to the like like Nth Degree that is like full-on. You are overthinking to the point that you are actually dead. Gentle to your own quality of life. Like I know I have anxiety and anxiety problems and sometimes when I get this it's like okay anxiety is running the show here. Like I need to go find my coping mechanisms. I need to you know, check my triggers check with myself because it is to me and my like for me and readings for myself. It is a check on my own mental health problems. And that anxiety might be running the show and you know, I need a I need to re-evaluate my coping skills. And that's okay. Yeah. Yeah, like as I said for me the wolf being too wild having to go back to the domesticated dog and establish a little bit more routine and structure into your life because you know, you're probably spending money really crazy or not paying attention to your job. So you got you know, step it back just a little A little bit you need to find balance. You need to be the stream in between the two towers. Yeah, I completely agree mad am so Maria what the hell is stir in your cauldron bitch? Well right now I'm loving how which has especially in the past few years have been really using magic and That helps them step into their personal power. I was talking to one of our amazing patreon members about this the other day the winter, especially after you'll has been rough like longest your ever already right? I think talking about empowerment is really important right. Now. A lot of new witch's forget why they started around this time. It is truly a make-it-or-break-it time for a new which the amazing celebrations of Saladin and you'll are they're done. Done and what you're left with is the cold the dark and yourself Hollow nothingness exactly. If you are in a slump, but you need to remember is why you started and I believe the most part a healthy relationship with our practice starts with our inner selves and empowering ourselves with magic and are turning to our community during this time is amazing, especially turning towards people who already have established practices. You will see throughout In social media in our community people are making things happen for themselves. They're creating their thriving. They're holding themselves accountable. They are treating others and treating others and themselves with compassion and respect. Yes, right and body positivity has become such an amazing force in the which Community which is are out there. I mean, they're owning and loving what they once thought were flaws before and realizing that you know, no single body is the same period through through Confidence Spells and people wearing the clothes out they want and they're getting comfortable with their naked bodies Slammer magic. Yes, exactly. Oh, I love me some glamour magic. They are also developing their own like personal beauty standards, which is so great because it's a big F you to the beauty industry and commercialism as I say for many things in witchcraft Society has put us in a box and Witchcraft is such an amazing. Until to get out of it. Then there are witches out there that are owning their sexualities gender identities and being true to themselves. And oh my God, I freaking love it. I love how people are incorporating it into the practice and also using magic magic as a way to fight and hexa patriarchy. I love how these amazing and unique souls are using Shadow work as a way to shed years of trauma and turning that trauma not only into knowledge. But as a way to fight back, it's it's beautiful. I love it so much and then we have the boss babes out there who are using the powers of intention and setting intention setting and manifestation to make things possible for themselves their furthering their careers and using spell work and using magic to contently better and improve their lives and become more successful versions of themselves. Mmm. They are breaking down gender stereotypes and sexuality barriers. Also setting boundaries to protect themselves using both magic and real world energy. I love seeing another witch or hell even another person going out there in achieving success. I mean you creatures make me believe move myself even more. I love how people are stepping into their power while people are stepping into their power. They're also helping others step into the power as well, which is important. Burning witches, even if they aren't separate paths, you guys are the real and vw's most valuable which has by the way. So yeah, keep it up because you are creating real change in a community. We need on that note of which is supporting which has a positive things and I know you and I have talked about this before but there was this whole movement a couple years back with I guess it was maybe a year or two back. of people saying, you know men can't be witches because they watch way too much American Horror Story and there's this like yes wave of people like that's not true and they're being like super supportive and amazing and you don't need to have you know identify with either gender to be a witch and non-binary which is trans which is male which has like it doesn't matter how you identify like the community has your back and I love it's a spectrum and Shows, you know, which is already quite so much Injustice and like, you know bad press and stuff like that. So you're going to chastise someone who is different than you would you don't want to be chastised for being different that's hypocritical and just yeah. No, you can't do that. It's yeah and I don't see it. Yeah, I don't see it too much in the community more. I mean, obviously no matter what community you're in your there's going to be toxic people but as a whole it seems at least as though we are being way more inclusive and people are kind of banding together and I really like that. I think it's super cool. I definitely I agree. It's nice to see the sense of camaraderie come out between everybody. Yeah, we have enough Prejudice in our day-to-day lives. We don't need to do each other though. Exactly. I we need to stand together and you know take care of everybody to care of our fellow witches and lift each other up. Because you don't know what someone is going through and they're finding their power through Witchcraft and they're doing it to not only improve their lives, but the lives of people around them. I mean that's amazing support it and everybody's path is different. Like we all have different paths and there is technically no wrong way to do it. Although as we've talked about privately. I'm multiple occasions there is wrong ways to do it y'all like there are actually wrong ways to do but we're talking about movie extremes not like real life. So like just don't be that guy and we're good. Yes, you're not going to have a dark baptism here. I'm Laird. No premium. Come on guys. It's actually show cream or my personal favorite is getting the messages asking asking me for time travel spells or asking me for magic that is like learning to fly. I'm like yo me to stop watching Harry Potter for real. Wow, you know what? I feel like this leads us to our next segment. Yes. So Robin what is not stirring your cauldron right now? So to preface right? I am we're going to switch off every week. I promise. I'm not going to be the grumpiest bitch who's just constantly complaining. So like that's preface with that. Yeah and next week. I'm going to be the grumpy one so gonna be the grumpy one. So like I'm gonna be an asshole right now. Well not an asshole. I'm going to be a complaining motor. But yeah, it won't be every time I promise even though I'm very good at it. So it's been going on in the community. It's been a huge Conversation Piece lately the fake witchy authors. And when I kind of want to talk about is not necessarily them, but the kind of are of cancel culture that it brought to light and kind of reminded us of the original comment was on Twitter from a user whose name was lady. Ilithyia. I hope I pronounced that correctly and she put it on some really kind of interesting conversation pieces where she was pointing out that some of the self-published books on Amazon might be from fake authors. Some of the self-published books had A lot of paid for reviews they were in her opinion very clearly paid for ETC. The problem was not the amazing Conversation Piece that lady alethea brought up. The problem was is that speculations that people were making while in The Conversation Piece went from conversational speculation to concrete fact and people started sharing it on. Social media like this Whirlwind of fact that just wasn't backed up with any confirm stuff. Now, I'm not defending the authors and whether or not they are kind of capitalizing on our spiritual paths. I'm definitely not defending them or as per my own last research on this only one author is come forward as a confirmed. True author would like an actual website and she's a human person. So I'm not trying to defend people but the problem is is that author who is the real deal like just trying to self-publish and make some money and also share information with people for an affordable price. Is now tacked onto all these articles is though she's not real and because people are taking something that is a just speculation and a just conversation piece and turning it around as though it's a fact a concrete fact, you know have taken somebody's career and kind of ruined it because our community is relatively very small. So if you were like looking if I were had knew nothing About this and I was like, oh, I wonder if this books any good. So I go to Google the author 10 articles come up saying that she's a scammer and that's not fair. Oh my God. No, it's not fair at all. And there's actually if you guys want to do some research on it. There are two very good articles. One of which was a timeline piece on patheos.com. We're just breaks down the conversation itself in the timeline of events, and then there was another one. One from Crows song Lodge.com, which is also just a very good breaking down each author the red flags Etc. And that that one actually does have an addendum to it saying that Lisa. Oh goodness. What was her name? Lisa Chamberlin honey. Chamberlain Thank you Lisa. Chamberlin was a real author. So there is positivity in that but it is also the the full bit about Lisa Chamberlin is There and the addendum is at the very end. So if I am just looking up the off and this is not a criticism to crows Crow song Lodge by the way, like I am a blogger as well. I would do the exact same thing like add the addendum at the end. I'm not trying to criticize the way she's for formatted that I would do the exact same thing. But the problem is is that you are putting this information out there as though it's a like a cold fact and it's just not and it does for my own personal opinion appears. A lot of these authors are just trying to scam people but pen names are also very very common in the author world. Yeah, definitely not everybody wants to show their identity, especially when we're in a community where a lot of people have craft names A lot of people are not out of the broom closet as expression is yes, so Course that would make sense. Like it would make sense that they would not publish under their actual legal name. It's very common. And so the problem I have with it is that we've Now sort of use the fact that they've used their craft names. We're going to give them the benefit of the doubt here, right? So let's say that there are really using just their craft names a real authors Etc and that became part of the evidence that they're not real and You know, that's not fair guys. And it also begs up. The question of what is a real witch. You know again we go back to we go back to everybody's path is different. And yes, there are going to be scammers out there. I personally am not going to purchase these books to find out but the fact that they use craft names pen names that is not evidence that somebody is not a quote real witch that is evidence that they don't want to use their real name because Huge part of our community and I do think The Conversation Piece was really important and a good thing to share with everyone. I don't think that you know crucifying these people without a response or confirmation is a tall fair. I mean it was an inline absolute Wildfire. I saw it on the Facebook groups. I'm a part of I saw it on huge which community Accounts on Instagram. I saw it on Twitter. I thought everywhere and it was presented in a way that this is a concrete fact and I think the like I said the conversation is good concrete fact absolutely not. Can I just say something? Of course? Okay, so these memes and like information like this and the whole thing with cancel culture, I mean it creates this whole mob mentality and it's bullying it has unfortunately has become socially The ball to bully this way social media has given given people platform to think. Oh, you know, it's okay to act this way towards another Witcher person. Yeah not it's not. Okay. We are better than this. I think when memes are false information come out and which is start attacking other witches offers them the false sense of community, especially for new witches like, oh look at these people getting up on this other person. I'm going to join them because it's expected of me. You are attacking this. Person together in a sense you are unified in your resolve and this, you know air quotes Community will quickly turn on you for saying the wrong thing. So keep keep that in mind on that note since we're talking about just that false sense of community. I would like to preface if you follow me on Instagram. I know that I have shared in the past people who have literally stolen my face and my photos and pretended to Essentially be me for profit. If either shared that and I've said go report this account, that's where I want it to start and stop go reported the account because it's not okay. Go report the photo do not ever message that person comment on them and bombard them with the I'm not asking for that. I'm asking for you to do the steps that are put in place by our social media platforms to get it taken down don't accommodate don't message them. Don't report the photo because that's what I've asked of you. I have not asked you to message these people Etc. And I know people have done that and I do not condone that behavior. I think that it is unacceptable for people to steal other people's content their face Etc. It's just not okay, you know creators are out here working hard to make stuff for your enjoyment. And so it's not okay to steal it but it's also not okay to bombard somebody with messages and harassment. Just go report it if that's all you have to do guys. That's what I mean. Like I do feel like this can go both ways. Like should we attack someone for posting something inaccurate like a meme that is relaying false information? No, I don't think we should I do believe we can politely message them and instead of feeding that much that mob mentality Beast. Well this person who react well to being messaged problem. Probably not we can tear the information on our own Pages without adding someone. You know like yeah, well, you know Dave posted this and he is wrong. It's a no don't do it. I would do that. I'm trying to say is that we need to be more civil with each other hostility doesn't bring a healthy Community period it's it makes our community very toxic and I do personally believe that if someone has done something just outlandishly wrong then yeah, they should be fucking canceled fuck them. But like exactly it let's not jump. Jump down this kind of rabbit hole of hey, somebody's speculated this thing. It's definitely a fact because they hypothesized it. Now. Let's cancel them and then send them massive messages of harassment and all this. It's just it's not acceptable guys. We can do better cancel culture is like so dangerous. I put small businesses and potential authors and honestly all witches at risk attacking someone on social media because of a meme that you saw that is relaying, you know bad information. Nation with another which is just it's so damaging and a comedian mind you guys something unified supportive is just let's do better this do better. That's yeah, that's all we need. So the kind of final segment we want to have here with you guys is Kevin just Creators that were loving right now. This could be shops. Tarot cards that were loving bloggers were loving YouTube's whatever anybody who's creating something that we love we're going to share it and it preface that we want to kind of reinforce the fact that this is not an ad if you send us messages trying to get on here. It's not gonna work guys. This is not being paid, you know, just stuff that one Maria and myself are genuinely loving right now, so we'd like to share that with you so m You like show the first. Yeah, yes. We're going to talk about our amazing friend Lulu. She is the owner of herb Onyx that I say that correctly. I think you did. Yeah. Okay, and she makes her believe wands and she also sells crystals. Her ones are ridiculously amazing. They smell so good. And if you're concerned about Sage they are Sage free. I've gotten a few. Hans her MZ on if you want summer and they smell like Desert Rain they are amazing. I refuse to burn mine for planting their see comes at you damn fool it first of all, they're beautiful, but they also make my whole altar space literally smell like like Desert Rain, it smells incredible. Yes. Yes. It does on some crystals from her too. And she's very very reasonably priced and she goes to like rock crystal gems like Like whole sellers shows and stuff Sheehan Picks Them herself. So we know like she knows exactly where they're coming from. She's also been doing this for years. So she kind of knows what to look out for her. So especially considering a lot of us care a lot about ethical consumption. That's something to really consider for her. Yeah. I've gotten five Lawns from her myself and they've all been so they've been beautiful. I love them so much. She created one for my wife. One for my daughter and one for me for Christmas. I know it's so cute. We have like a little family and it's a little smoking ones absolute gem 12 out of 10 do recommend. Yes. What was the other shop that we want to talk about? We want to talk. Well, she's not a shop. But no see I was the one yeah their creator. We wanted to talk about - a cat. I want to talk about Glitter in the dirt. She's on fastened her Instagram name by the way, her name's Michelle and she is such a goddess and amazing herbalist. I've been following her for about a year and a half now it is so refreshing seeing someone. Be honest about their craft. We all go through highs and lows in our practice and lives listeners. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise like spiritualist will be like, oh I am the Supreme. I don't experience lows don't but Michelle she is so upfront and honest about her path. There's nothing bigger than somebody pretending that they have a tear when she's having a hard time to reminds us all to be like compassionate and understanding with herself during those moments. Moments, she also promotes up having a positive relationship with your body and moving it in a such a way that feels good for you and your soul which I am here for one thing that she said recently that has really stuck with me is that during winter? We are meant to rest and pushing ourselves to do more and endlessly crate during a time that supposed to be spent reflecting isn't necessarily realistic. Yeah sure. If you're being pulled to create do it, that's okay. But if you're not that's okay. A to like be compassionate with yourself Show Yourself compassion, but she is such an amazing and amazing being love that. I love that. I love her account so much and as somebody who cares a lot about herbal medicine and taking the homeopathic route first. I really like her account because she does share things like that and she is very open raw and honest and I'm just like you said, I like that. She's so body positive, especially when we live in such a culture. ER where hating your body is the norm and if you like it, you're some sort of weird freak like shut up. Not even a weird freak, like people think that you're stuck up and that's was talking to you or they're like, you know, where the hell does this bitch get her, you know ideas and self-confidence from and it's like shut up like it's better to just like yourself. Like can we all just agree to just like ourselves? Is that so bad? Yeah, and it all goes back to you know, you see this Being body positive take that into your own life and be like, maybe I could be this way to yeah II love it. I definitely recommend her account. She's very real. She's very honest and I think we all can learn a little bit from her. Yeah completely agree. So thank you guys for some foremost for joining our first full episode. Yes, thank you. We would like to really quickly just kind of let you guys more no more about the podcast in general. We have a patreon. It's got multiple tiers. If you join us with the library tear or above it gives you the opportunity to hear the part two of this episode where we are answering the Discord questions now to be in the Discord she has in the witches first coven or above. Recently lowered the prices as well making it more affordable. We'd rather have more people to have more conversation. So we made it more affordable for everybody. In fact aside from the mentoring. Everything's been cut in half price wise the questions and the Discord are really good this time around so I highly recommend tuning in because this one of them is budget witchcraft. So I'll keep that in mind. Yeah, and we are talking about that in the part two this week. So yeah, I'm excited to talk about actually. Yes. So definitely come and join us come tuned in but we will be doing this podcast bi-weekly and the next release should be on March 20th. That is the day after spring. So perfect. Perfect. Perfect astara. It's going to be a greatest our episode. I'm very excited about it. Actually. I've been taking notes already of what I want to talk about. Me, too. if you guys want to follow us on any major platforms we're going to try to make a Facebook page I can't promise that that's going to be up when you guys are hearing this but we've made a Twitter which is coffee cold R ins they wouldn't let us add the and my Instagram is at a tired which & M's is at Maria the are came so if you guys want to follow us on there we also share a lot of information on our social media has and the coffee and cauldrons Twitter we're going to try to kind of be using to let you guys know what you can expect that sort of thing so give us a false oh yeah we'll keep you updated yeah and we are podcast has been available on more podcasting streaming services as they come available so I think we're on Google Spotify breaker anchor and I believe will be on Apple Podcast sometime about a couple days after this airs. Oh my gosh, we're professional now Robin professionals. I told you about my podcast. But yeah, thank you so much for joining us for this first recording. Yeah. We're so excited to have you guys and we are looking forward to continuing this join us in part to part 2. It's on patreon on Lee ya gotta come join us library or above. All right. You ready? We're going to count them down. Do you want to count down or should I will count down together? Let's do it together God. This is gonna be a shit show. Hey Maria, we need to do shoutouts for are amazing and vw's also known as our most valuable which has Our patreon member. Thank you guys so much for following us and especially to those of you who have been with us since before we even have this podcast. You guys are incredible. I totally appreciate you your continued support and all your amazing questions on the Discord. Just keep them coming. So for This first and only for this one we're going to shout you guys out because we love you so much. So first we got Christie Amber are Courtney F Courtney M James Janet Jennifer Marcela Meghan, Mindy and Trista. Thank you guys so much. We love you. Thank you. Thank you. We do. We love you so much come listen to our part to come with us. Come children.