Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome out the Beast out of Boston Mackenzie wants Well pretend me cuz I'm a little bit about yourself. So I am originally from Utah. I am originally from Syracuse Farmington area. So um grew born and raised in Utah and until I came and moved out here. That's primarily where I spent most of my time, but I actually I went to high school in like Clearfield Northridge area and then when I graduated high school, I actually job Well, I was running a painting business and we were I was doing painting advertisements on cars or on the window that dealerships or local companies. We did like holiday Window Painting and that was a business that I ran myself all through high school. And once I graduated high school, that's actually when I um, I took a job at a dealership and the manager is like hey, you actually have a really great. Personality for sales. You should definitely try it and then that's where you know, I started selling cars at the dealership. That was my first sales job straight out of high school at 18 years old. Yeah. that is Yeah, and then from there so I was in the car business for about three years. And then I was also while in the car business putting myself through school going to Weber State University and doing their professional sales degree. So a lot of people don't know that Weber State is one of the only colleges that actually offers a professional sales degree. It's not common and it's actually something that's talked against a lot in the industry, but I really attribute. A lot of My Success to actually taking the time and going to school and you know being not just a regular salesperson, but you know really mastering My My Craft. Yeah, okay, and it was funny my husband. He actually he was the one that wanted to go do solar. I was very invested in cars and I was like, I you know think I'm up for a promotion and I don't want to leave right now and he's like, okay. Well, let me just go out for the summer and See what we can do and he went out and killed it and then I came out and I learned all about solar in the sales and Vivint, you know, the company itself and the culture that it offers and I fell in love. So that's a little bit of my background story. That's awesome. So that happens a lot in the industry where a lot of married couples. The guy goes out. He does really well so would I mean obviously you can say yes, but would you recommend for those? Young couples recently married for the wife to go. Try it out as well. I would recommend you know might as well. It's definitely something that everyone should try because whether you succeed in cells are you don't door-to-door or cells in general is going to teach you a lot about yourself. It's gonna really break you to your core and then you're just going to have to rebuild yourself back up just by getting to know who you are and you know what your strengths and weaknesses are so I think that Those really teaches you that either way awesome. Awesome awesome. So part of that and you touched on learning on learning about who you are right going through the struggle and from my research. You've it hasn't been the easiest Road for you to get to where you're at. Right? It's all about you mentioned it in the podcast with the electric people with sacrifice right learning to understand the opportunity that's in front of you and taking advantage. Vantage of that situation right now a lot of people tend to struggle with this men and women tend to struggle to quickly understand just realize what the opportunity have in front of them. Right? Whether it's you know, a summer sales job or you know, commission-based job being that it's strictly commissioned. The sky is really the limit for us. So in your mind, how did you break that down to understand the opportunity in front of you? Well, you know with with solar, you know, specifically it's such a great opportunity not just for the homeowner to buy a clean power, but it's also, you know a great opportunity for the world itself. So that was something that I could really get behind and having the opportunity to be involved in such a huge industry transition, where as you know, we're having the power literally be changed from fossil fuels to solar. Dream is a really cool movement to be a part of but nachshon to mention, you know, the financial benefit, you know, if if you can see yourself if you put you know a goal in front of you and you can see a pay scale that will work for your goal. You know, it's to your best benefit to take advantage of everything that it has to offer for you. Okay? Awesome. So and I and I kind of want to stay on this topic a little bit about Out goal setting right? So just to kind of give listeners a little bit about you you so you first went to Boston right you started selling out there. And as far as I know that that Boston office is pretty successful in Vivint solar right? It's a high producing office and then you go in right and so I'm picturing this right young couple young girl goes out there. She has a sales degree ride. I feel like Some guys would be intimidated by it, right? You know, some guys probably don't take it take wouldn't take glass seriously and then you go in and you just outwork everybody and you are perform everybody right in your mind. Was it wanting to beat out the guys or just focusing on you and doing the best that you could I think that beating out the guys was more so, you know, it's unfortunate. But in order to really gain credibility in a male-dominated industry, you have to beat them like my numbers you have to make it so obvious that it's not it's not just you know, pretty girl that has a bubbly attitude. You know, it's it's a it's a girl that has a really strong work ethic and a goal in mind, you know to actually gain credibility. So it's unfortunate that that's the way it is, but you know when you just see predominantly men, you know doing well in this type of industry. It's hard to see yourself as a successful person when you're not seeing, you know, people like you succeeding. Okay, so I came in with that chip on my shoulder just being like I know the only way to gain credibility is going to be to beat them. That's just going to be the only way okay and a long and Along that way, right? You're talking about goals, you're talking about credibility with that comes confidence, right? Because you're jealous. It will confidence as it just keeping the small little promises to yourselves, right like being out on Ariane time doing everything that you could do, right and that just builds confidence into who you are that confidence then later, you know, people can see it right and it came it came to a point where you were promoted right over at Vivint. Yeah. They promoted you to Your manager is not only the youngest district manager I've ever been but the first female district manager one of the first female. Yeah, one of the first female sorry, how was that? It was it was very gratifying when I left the car business. I was leaving in a situation to where I was expecting to be promoted. So with leaving with that like I felt a huge loss so I basically wanted to come in, you know. With the same goal in mind and to be a leader. I don't just want to be you know, a rep. I wanted to lead people. I wanted to leave women. I wanted to lead men and women, you know in this industry and just grow as a human being. Okay, and then from there now this this is where I'm a little confused. Did you stay in Boston or did you guys open up or did they send you to a New Market right away. So I stayed in Boston was emboss. For about two years before my VP. He asked me to open up the New Hampshire market. So Michael manager and I owed on Gomes. We went to a new market with you know, a new product and it was extremely hard. It was probably one of the hardest things I've ever done and it taught me so much. I'm so thankful for that experience, you know because I wouldn't be Be where I am today, if I didn't go through that. Okay. So this is the part where I really like me die. I don't know. I like to study people and I learned the most from people when they're at their lowest because that's like we said earlier that's where you find out who you really are, right? That's what you find out when you really have in the tank and what to get so So you went from making pretty decent money right producing that a high amount, you know outperforming all the guys out performing everybody really and then you go to a new market and it's like here you instantly pump pump on the brakes now because you want to but that's just, you know, a new market a lot of reps in the industry whether it's solar alarmed whatever it is, they all go through hard times and it really comes down to how you get yourself out of that hole you got to process. That's like the situation you're in and figure out how to overcome it. Right? Unfortunately. I see this a lot in like girl reps. They get a little bit of adversity and then they tend to shut down and it always happens right before they're going to tap into like what makes them the best in the industry. How did you overcome that when I would say, you know, a lot of it had to do with my previous sales experience, you know being going in the car business. I had to get tough skin there, you know, but I brought that to this job, but one thing to know about door-to-door, it's literally the hardest job out there. Oh great mentally and emotionally it's the hardest job. And so, you know, I got to give it credit. I mean, it's not just women who stopped at that point. There's a lot of men who stopped there, too. You know, it's a freaking hard job. And so you have to come into it with the mindset that hey. This is the hardest job out there mentally and emotionally. I know that going into it. So I'm not going to give up until that that table starts to turn, you know until we're starting to go around that corner where you know, all the hard work that you put in actually pays off but You know, if you're not actually out there putting in the hard work the they grind doesn't you can't cheat the grind, you know, so if you're not actually out there putting in the work, you're definitely not going to go around that bend you have to push through that learning curve as fast as possible. Okay? Awesome. So should I just lost my train of thought so with that right? It's okay. There it is emotional, right we talked about Emotions one of the things that I kind of want to get your Insight on this being a girl being a woman some girls are very very emotional and that's I feel like that's that's where it kind of tends to break down. So if he can give one piece of advice to you know, the girls in the industry in regards to emotion and how to deal with that. What would that be? Um, the biggest mental shift is you have to understand that these these these people are going about their day and you're interrupting it, you know, and it's not so it's not so much that they're rejecting you as a person or even you as a product. It could even be just timing, you know, so it's a lot about timing so just understanding that mindset but it's a lot harder, you know in the moment to think about those things when people are being super rude to you on the door. So for me, you know the best way that I know how to go about it. The thing that I know about myself is when music turns on like nothing makes me happier than my favorite song. So I just have my are potted in soon as I hit that property line. I'm turning on my favorite song and nothing else, you know can can really affect me because it's my favorite song. Are you chattering? Oh, yeah, right and I would just say that, you know, it's okay to have Those down days, you know where you come home you get beat up. It's okay, but you can't carry that just like you can't carry that to your next door. You can't carry that into the next day. Okay, so whether you need to cry it out, whether you need to, you know have a person that you vent to and then move on you got to figure those resets out and make sure that you're resetting that is so funny that you mention that so I have one of the guys that At that, I look up to a lot. His name is Rob Reimer. Just an absolute beast and alarms and solar his thing that he told me is that one. He's never too high on his high as he's never too low on as low as he's just a super monotone guy. But the biggest thing is he resets as soon as he walks off the driveway, whether it be a good pitch a bad pitch somebody, you know, whatever the result that the door was he forgets about it. Mmm and in between Like you said as soon as you hit that property line, your favorite song goes on it's game time and and you just kind of you know take what happens at the door and just move on to the next one, right? So, do you have one specific favorite song or does it change depending on what about the year? Yeah, and I'm gonna mess up the artist. I don't know the artist, but it's Jump Around. Okay. Bye Chris what Criss-Cross Navy the jump up? Jump up and get down. Yeah. Yeah, that's the one. So that song like if it turns on that you could literally see me on the road like jump jump jump everybody jump. There you go. That's awesome. So guys, she's not just all business. She likes a goof around as well. Yeah. So which brings into the next thing right you your personality it get kind of shines through most people are very like work work work work work and grind grind grind grind grind robots. Right, you seem like you tend to have a lot of fun with what you do. Just so with that. What what do you look for in the day to kind of so you listen to your favorite song to get you in the zone to make you happier? What else do you do with the data? Just keep you had a At a higher level I guess or just being more happy. I would say having a grateful mind set is like the key, you know to all of this, you know, I'm super grateful to have a job where I can control my income. I can control you know, how good I am just all based on, you know, the hard work. I'm willing to put in and also, you know how much I'm willing to I guess so. Elf analyze myself to become better to you know, so I'm super grateful to have a job like that. I'm super grateful to be selling a product as an incredible as solar and as life-changing as solar and I'm extremely grateful to be doing what I love most. You know, this may not be the job that this may not be your end all be all job, you know for me it is and I understand that it's not that for for everyone, you know, I Watch my husband, you know go through that. My this wasn't my husband's, you know, and I'll be all career job. And so, you know, he have a goal. He said it, you know came into the job. He accomplished it and then he moved on and that's fine if that's going to be door to door for you, but it's all about, you know, making those time points, you know and making sure you take full advantage of the opportunity for what you want it to be. Okay, exactly. So again that just goes into just you know, adjusting just being in the moment this kind of lighten it up a little bit. What is your funniest experience or funniest fails story have a lot of been doing this for six years. There's a lot that I can look back and just smile about but one most recently I so I'm a In my area but in my area for five years, I stayed in the same area. And so I knock the same people constantly and this guy I knocked one day there was a baby bird that fell out of you know a nest right above his doorstep fell hit my head picked it up. I was like, oh my gosh, they be bird got to save it right came back the well, I took it home baby. Did it brought it back the next day. Knocked on the door and I was like Hey, I just gotta put this baby bird right back. I gotta put this baby bird like we're supposed to be you know, so yeah Mom coming. Hopefully nurse it back to health and the guy was just like he just like laughed he laughed with me and he's like sure go right ahead. But the most recent I knocked on his door like this was about I want to say year ago. I knocked in the storage recently and I was like Hey, do you remember I was the baby Girl girl, you know that I mean the baby bird girl, he's like, yeah, I remember you, of course, you know, and he's he may not be a cell today, but I'm gonna sell this dude. Yeah, so kind of where I live in, California It's the same thing the same people you go back to the same hoods. It's like hey, remember me talk to you a few months ago. You're not ready. You weren't ready. Then I'm ready now. Okay, cool. I'll see you in six months. Yep. Oh my gosh, and it's perseverance. Yeah, like there's a lot of guys out there guys gals who just move on to the next but you know, everyone in Methuen knows knows the solar girl Mackenzie, you know, and that's the best thing that you can do for. Self is you know, make your name that's true making no, that's one of those things. I was just talking about with my buddy Taylor. He interviewed Chris Lee. I don't know if you've heard of them. Hmm. What company is he used to work for legacy now, he does like he owns his own company called soldier in out of Washington. So for the longest time, he just built his brand he worked for legacy and I think for him and for a little bit, but he just built his brand around like Chris. The solar guy Chris the solar day and everyone in that area knew him as just Chris. The solar guy is he just what you got to do just to get your name out there. How do you establish a presence in a neighborhood? Because I mean obviously you got establish it by building some pretty decent. Yeah, I would say putting in the hours is the best way, you know, they give you a schedule, you know, your leadership will give you a schedule what you should be working and if you're if you're being Earthworm putting in those hours, you know, it's just natural people are getting to see you. They're going to see your installed going up. You know, they're going to you're going to keep coming into contact with them by re knocking and it's natural. But it all is it all is about that consistency and just being present in your area. Okay? So just continue - just what it comes down to just staying out there for the hours. That's so hard though. Yeah, it is it is. It sucks. It sucks when when you've been in the neighborhood for so long. You're like that lady hates me like you have to walk on the other side of street because you know, the dogs are drinking going to come at you. It's like gosh those are all predispositions though, you know, it's all and you have to understand that you literally have to take yourself. It's an outer-body experience have to be like this is my defense. Mechanism. I'm telling myself this because I don't want to get rejected again. What's gonna happen? If you get rejected again, you've already done it once why not, you know, you just have to push through those predispositions and the The protection mechanism you have naturally in your your body, you know, okay. Yeah just got to build up that those mental calluses to just just gonna chat with no just get no in the door slammed in your face as many times as you can. Um, so one of the things that I was listening to is that your way of first, let's go into routine because I think this is super big for door-to-door, right? Mhm you you stick to a routine, right? 100% so in that routine if you don't mind sharing that with with people what what what is your routine look like? So for me, it's all about, you know in the morning doing something that you love whether if it's you know, or it's something that's going to bring you energy. Some people like yoga some people like working out dog walks, you know, you got to do something that you look forward to in the morning and then there's literally like an itch that Opens with me just because it's so automatic for me now. But if I'm not out in my area by like to I'm feeling the anxiety to get her, you know, and if I'm not pushing myself past, you know, I can't say dark because in daylight savings, you know, I really try to push it to reach 7:30, but in the summer, you're you're out there till 8:30 9:00. Yeah, exactly. So it's just more so about Making sure that you make it a habit to stay out and treat it like a real job, you know in a real job. You'd have to clock in clock out at those times. I'm clocking in my area to you know, I'm clocking out at night and I'm using a selfie, you know to make sure that I'm checking in with myself and I'm currently doing that work. So the accountability you take a selfie when you knock the first door. So do you take a selfie when you're in your area or on your first door? So we have a rule in our office? Okay have have to have a street sign. Uh-huh have to have a time stamp on your iPad that you're here at that time and a beautiful selfie. So that way you know, it proves that you're there in your area taking advantage of it. Obviously, there's ways you can cheat that there's ways you can see anything but you're only cheating yourself. Okay, love that way. You can cheat a cheat yourself down to that is awesome. Yeah, cuz I can't tell you how many times I get to area at three o'clock and then YouTube video comes up again email. It's like she and then for 15, I'm finally out of my car and then it's like okay. Well, I've been here since 3:00, you know six o'clock. I get a tags like hey dinner's ready. I'm like, all right, but realistically I was only like not. Looking for a light to two and a half hours, you know, so that's its. That's awesome. That's awesome to be able to have that that sort of accountability for yourself. Right it do you now does your team report that to you or they just like for them? We have a group chat that we you know send those out to so that everyone can see who's actually out there working and surprisingly the ones who are actually you know out there working their posting sales generally after so If they're not typically something else is going on, you know? Yeah, they're probably at like a 7-Eleven Starbucks. Yeah, why while watching a movie be honest now, you know, we all have done it. Yeah, we've all done it. We we've all looked for the park says that on the park bench and like, oh gosh, I've done it. Yes, and it's all about just pushing past that yeah. It's not easy, but as You know, my coworker would say it's it's simple but it's hard. Yeah, this is so simple, but yet so hard. Mmm. Oh my gosh, so part of mastering your craft ride. You're obviously continuously learning right continuously either if it's books podcasts are learning from people right? Where do you learn the most from? YouTube is a great source. There's just so much content that you can get out YouTube and also, you know, it automatically will divert you to other things like minded, you know, but a big person that I've been following recently is Rachel Hollis. She's been you know, a huge highlight of mine as far as someone who I really want to Aspire to be but not to mention, you know in Vivint solar. I'm blessed to be around. On the best. Mmm and I truly believe that it's not it's not just because you know, I've worked for them for so long. There's a reason why and it's because a big aspect of us is leading from the front. I'm learning from the guys who have literally put up the numbers consistently for years. Okay. So you learn from them. Do you like to read books or podcasts or podcast? Rachel Hollis has a great product. Class III tune into and then books are great audible is you know, my goal is to at least complete one book a month and I try to up that if I can but you know, it gets super busy but books are going to provide you with so much great life-changing, you know experiences and definitely something you need to have in your daily routine. Go. I like that. One of the things that I like to touch on is mental toughness just being in so we kind of touched on it a little bit. What are your you do things throughout the day to build mental toughness, like like little daily goals or there's something you look forward just to kind of check off. Yeah in my experience because I manage a lot of of new reps and the biggest thing that I noticed. If new reps is they tend to shy away from pushing past objections. That's the hardest thing to get, you know new reps to do and so I've literally made it a goal to push past a minimum of three objections per door. And once you get going like you just get like if you can push past three objections / door, like you're so strong like an hour to two hours in because you've like push yourself further than the other. Would have done you know, and you know, you're just you're maximizing every door for what it is, but you're also pushing yourself. Okay? Okay, so just keep keep pushing through it every time just push a little bit more. Yeah and just like, you know, start start off small like some I've heard, you know, some of the big dogs say no, I don't stop until they've said no six times. Yeah, you know, it started out small. Let's start out with 3, you know, but just keep Making sure that that's how I build my mental toughness is I really just try to figure out ways to push passion objections because there's nothing better or more gratifying than that story of the you know, he told me no the whole first half hour that we were talking. Yeah, then by the end of it, you know, he went solar and and like that's the most gratifying stories. Those are what I'm looking for. I'm not looking for the easy Once you know, I want the storybooks. Yeah. There you go. You know what a book not Not a lay down. Yeah, but the lay downs are nice for your confidence boosters. Sure. All right one last question will wrap it up there because I know you have to get on the doors before you get an see if you can share one piece of advice for new reps, whether that be girl reps guy wraps anything that has helped. You become the person who you are today. What would you share with them? I would say, you know that first 60 days. That I was with Vivint. I really went extremely hard and it paid off dividends because I went through that learning curve really fast. I didn't take any time off about time and I just made sure I was checking in with you know, one of the one of my leaders to so that I was they were constantly giving me feedback every night. So I would say, you know, if you're just starting this job making I'm sure you're really working the hours making sure that you're reflecting with a leader and you choose one, you know just reflect with them every night every single night figure out there working every night and to not take time off go. All right. Well Kenzi, I appreciate you taking time out here. I know it's getting closed for you to get out there start knocking but thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for being the person that you are and being willing to share what you know with people. Yeah. I really appreciate you having me on and giving me this opportunity and always feel free to reach out. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. And where can people find you on your social medias? So Instagram, it's at Mackenzie page watts and Facebook. It's a Mackenzie Fisher Watts, but I'm definitely more active with you know, my my sales content on my Instagram. So thank you so much for sharing that well do all right Mackenzie. Thank you so much for your time and good luck out there. Thank you YouTube. Alright, so I hope you guys took notes. If there's one thing you took out of it. Just one thing just implement it. You don't know what it can do to raise your production. So yeah, stay tuned for some more insight and as always knock knock knock some doors.