There you are, Chyna.Look at that. Yes. I am anyway enough about me enough about me. Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I want to hear everything everything. Where do I start? Well, this is Julie Julie. This is Rachel. Hi. Oh, these are oh sorry aren't for you for you. Welcome to our country. Thank you. I'm from New York. Well, not a problem. We'll just use it to stop the bleeding. Okay? I'm telling you she went to the airport and she's gonna go for it with Ross. Oh my God, this is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge this? Yes, you got new haircuts. Yes. Yes, we did. Thanks to Vidal buffay. You know, if you don't look good, we don't look. Good. I love that voice not alone, Julie. I'm around her. Oh crap. I think she's trying to tell us something quick get the verbs. This is Julian, but I'm not here. You haven't met me I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of. I've been playing on man boss. Oh my God, like the screaming guy sitting in the car. You gotta hear this story. We're on this bus that's easily 200 years old by 200 in these and this guy had the chicken poops in our lab. I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending didn't I? Oh, it's just I just heard this story in the cab and his all I can think. This is amazing mean how how did this happen? Well Ross and I were in grad school together, but we haven't seen each other since then. Well, I land in China guess who's in charge of the Dig. I mean isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch spit-on-your-neck? Fantastic. It's an expression. We just wanted to say a quick hi, we're going to go see the baby and then we've got to get some sleep. Yeah, it's really six o'clock tomorrow night our time. Okay, we'll listen don't tell us what's going to happen now because I like hey Rach, can I get some coffee? So what the hell happened to you in China last we left you you were totally in love with you know, I know I know I was but there's always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never going to happen move on. You know, whose voice that was God it was you pal. Well, maybe it was God doing me, right? Then she looks at me and sees a friend that's all and then I met Julie and and I don't know what having a great time and I have to say I never would have gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you you owe me one big guy. Lemonade so well, then you better go take that back because they're going to charge you for that. But go go go go go go. So, what did you find out? He said he said he said they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But the Silver Lining if you want to see it is that he made this decision all by himself without any outside help whatsoever. How is that silver lining? You have to really want to see it. Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last and Jim. You know what I'm thinking, okay? How it's been so long since you've had sex you're wondering if they've changed it, although now, that's what I'm thinking. All right. So what were you thinking? Well, I was thinking that you gave the guy Such Great Haircuts. I thought maybe you'd like to do mine. Oh, no, why not? Because I'm just I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control. Freak, you're not I know I'm not but you are your feelings. Hello? Hi. Yeah, hold on a sec Ross. Julie Pierce. Hello. Hi. Hey anybody know a good tailor. You need some clothes altered? No. No, I'm just looking for a man to draw me with Chuck, but you go see Frankie my Emily's been going to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No way 16. No, excuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990? Okay, you have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance. Okay. Okay, sweetheart. I'll see you later. Okay. Bye what? Oh, that is so sweet. No. Okay. No you hang up? No you okay. Okay, one two three. Well, you didn't hang up either. Okay? No, no you hang up you you sorry. I thought you're talking to me. I'll just call her back. We got disconnected. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. How did this happen to me a week ago two weeks ago. I was fine Ross was just Ross just this guy now all of a sudden he's a really great guy that I can't have sweetie. I wanted you to have them too. I know you did just gonna do it. It just going to get out of here. I don't care what you guys say. Something is bothering her. You know, I think I was 16, please just a little bit off the back. I'm still on know. Morning. Okay. How do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec? Oh, no. I'm not falling for that again. Well, I sort of did a stupid thing last night. What stupid thing did you do buongiorno therapy? Okay, Paulo. Why don't you just go get dressed baby on your way? Okay. Rachel how did this happen? How do I just kind of ran into him last night where but his apartment is this juice and the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe. Oh God. I know I'm pathetic. I'm a loser and you're not pathetic just you're sad. Yeah, maybe people do stupid things when they're upset my God if I had a nickel for every guy. I wish I hadn't but this is about your Horrible mistake. Hi. Hey. Well there was touching. What are you doing here? I do what I can. He's back. He's back. Is that a problem? No, not a problem. That's not probable. Okay, you're gonna have to not touch my ass despite the yummy bagels and palpable tension. I've got pants need to be altered. Oh, hey Chandler when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means. You sure he's gonna be able to crack that code. No, it's funny. Last time Paulo is here. Like there was so much shorter and cuter. But but you have to promise that you will not be all like controlling and bossy and all, you know, Monica about it. I promise. All right. Let's see now some of you are going to get cut and some of you aren't but I promise none of you will feel a thing. All right. That's it. I Quit what I didn't say anything. Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Okay. This is the face of a person who you know doesn't trust a person. Sorry Phoebe. It's just slow just a little shorter than what we had discussed. Would you relax I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it how who wears it to me more de me Moore is not a he well, he was a he in Arthur and in 10, that's Dudley Moore. I said, I wanted it like Demi Moore. Oh, oh, oh my God. To me more there was a disclosure Indecent Proposal ghost. Oh, she's got Gorgeous Hair. How long do you want the Cuffs at least as long as I have the pants? I just got that. Okay, now we'll do your inseam. How was she? It's too soon to tell she's resting which is a good sign. How's the hair? I'm not gonna lie to you Ross. It doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling. Can we see your hair looks too good. I think it would upset her. Ross why don't you come on in how you doing that bad? Huh? I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts that When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I'd just hit rock bottom. But today it's like there's Rock Bottom 50 feet of crap. Then me you got to tell Ross how you feel. Come on, how can I just tell him? What about Julie? What about a they've only been going out for two weeks Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years. I don't know. I don't know rage rage. I've been with my share of women fact. I've been with a lot of people share women. The point is I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you. Yo, Paisan. Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man, Frankie. What are you talking about? Hey, what's going on? Joey's tailor Took advantage of me. What no way I've been going to the guy for 12 years. Oh, come on. He said he was going to do my inseam then he ran his hand up my leg and then there was definite what Cupping that's how they do pants first. They go up one side. They move it over then they go up the other side. They move it back and then they do the rear what Ross we tell them. Is that how a tailor measures pants? Yes. Yes. It is in prison. What's the matter with you? Oh my God, Mary. Tyler Moore would have been better. Well, I like it. I do. I think it's a 10. Thank you. My hair is very amused. Oh, come on, Monica things could be worse. I mean You could get caught between the Moon and New York City. I know it's crazy. But it's true. Thank you. Well, I gotta go five Yeah by rage. Yeah, that's kind of what I meant by bye. Well, I kept can I talk to you for a sec? Okay. Hey when the doctor does that hernia test, that's okay. What's wrong? Well, okay. First of all Paulo and I are not back together. I was just a stupid thing that I did and if I could go back in time and do it again. Well, I wouldn't second of all. What? Okay, but before I say anything I just need to know is this one of those things where you break up with a guy and then I tell you what, I think and then the next day you get back together with the guy and I look like a complete idiot. No, no, no, no. Okay. Well then, I think I think the guy is scum. I mean, I actually II physically hate him. I always have and you you learn you're way too good to be with a guy like that. You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, you know and who gets how how how funny and sweet and amazing and adorable and sexy you are you know, someone who wakes up every morning thinking. Oh my God, I'm I'm with Rachel, you know, someone someone who makes you feel good like like the way I do with Julie. Was there a second of all? No, I think I think that was the the whole all. Okay, okay, okay. No, I swear to god dad. That's not how they measure pants. I was thinking of doing it a little shorter. You know, like I'm Andie McDowell's new haircut. Oh, yeah. Oh I could do that. Really? Yeah. Do you want to do it right now? Great, okay. Okay. I just want to make really sure this time Andie MacDowell is the girl from Four Weddings and a funeral, right? No, no, no, no, no, no. No, that's Roddy McDowall. Andie MacDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes. Thank you. You're welcome.