Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up. Okay, so I was want to see on Steam I get added by this random person private inventory. That's how you know, he's a scammer when his inventory private. Okay, so I'm like yo, I'm going to let this new scam me and that's what I did. Okay, so I had a knife which was worth around 80 bucks and then like 20 dollars worth in skins. I no longer have those years. Stupid worthless. Yeah, okay. Okay, but then he adds me on Discord and like we get in a call and I'm like yo, I and I was like, yo, I know you're scamming me and he's like, no, I sure I'm not scamming you and I was like Yo, dude, just tell me you're scamming me and he was like dude. I promise your Skin's just disappeared. Okay, we're gonna get your Skin's back. I promise. I'll call you tomorrow. Yeah, so his so how he did it is first he made an account and then he had another account. Okay, this is all speculation. But I'm like 99% certain. He scammed me you 99. Well, he claims the cyst like bit skin spits cancers are trading site that I have never used. That was the suspicious because he asked me have you ever used bit skins and I was like No And he was like, we're going to use bit skins because you've never used it and you don't know how to Use it. Okay. So he tells me to go and bid skins put the put my things up for 9099 hundred and wait $9,999 because like that's a no one would buy it at that point and then redeem it but first he told me to trade my csgo items for Dota 2 items because Dota 2 items don't have a seven day trade band when you trade them so he would get the Skins faster. He said I'm going to gamble his skins. I'm a gambler and collector. So can you make the make the csgo items into Dota 2 items and the Dota 2 identities K and I was suspicious right then and there because like, why would we have to make them into Dota 2 items? He doesn't play Dota 2. I don't play Dota 2. His excuse was no one plays Dota 2 Actually, I don't even know what the hell that is. Yeah, it's good. Yeah. speaking like some Okay, so then I get I'm a virgin from bullying me. So then I transfer my items Julian's good food in the group chat rice and broccoli. I don't know. I'm eating mac and cheese with bacon with and chicken. Jerry's making the podcast and then he's just okay and then Wait, let me put them on probably called them. Let me pull up the mega Jerry time for your dick blending. Okay? And then he kept from Discord. He's like hello. This is you right and I was like, yeah and then he made me okay. The only reason I know this name is because he type them in the chat. He made me trait my items into under fused Helm of the Lumiose our crawler, which was the hell's that which is worth two dollars and then he made me trade the rest of my atoms into a golden Lackey CN shards which were worth ninety five dollars. So it's 97 dollars. To which I lost and then and then he made me trait them to a bot. Okay, this is where I think he got me. I'm pretty sure I was I was yeah, but then once we got him, this is where he got I think he got me. Okay, no, no, he told me to treat them to a bought which is perfectly normal. Amal because dude you on bit skins you trade your Skin's for Bots and then you try and then you get your Skin's bad or you either trade for skins on another bot and okay. Yeah, so so I trade it to that Bob, but I'm pretty sure he made a fake Bots. He made a fake pie. Yeah named it after bit skin spot number blah blah blah, which is how all bit skin spots are also like see us money Bots. So he just made his account into the account. It said it was going to send me the trade-off for for he was saying send it to bid skins. I'll get them from bit skins. I'll trade you my skins for you and then he said screw you and no and he was like Yo, dude, and I was like Yo, dude. I know this is scam. Just like be honest. It's going great, Kevin. It's okay. And then and yeah, I think he just made the fake bought and then I traded a once to the bar and then I and then I redeem them not really. How would you say re redeem. Yeah redeem them back like and then he told me to do it again. And that's where he got me. He meant the fake bought and then I traded it to the fake pot. I did report him. I'm pretty sure I'm not going to get my Skin's back. But yeah, that's a fun story her skins and now I only have my AK-47 cartel and my and my auto Hunter which is not that good that's like a tense and skinned. My cartel wants $5 skill skin because it's so I have a story I hear it. Well back in elementary school. I was getting bullied. Hey, how should I change? It's okay, but I'm back in grade and I'm sitting alone like during recess, please like always yes, and so I guess these kids like inviting me to play tag with them and I was Means of course. I was like a cool. I finally have friends, you know, so like I did and it was like muddy outside because it yeah, okay. Yeah, they didn't they like me. So I receive it they'd he jumped over the puddle and I wasn't paying attention. I got the puddle and when I got it because I shit my pants so high degree. I went home after that and it It was a horse. Yeah, that's my story. And this is why wait on the topic of playing around stories. I like was so fat. They play tag, and he never taught anyone. No, okay. I'm not even that. But you could beat me with the late start. I let you in that one. Okay? Sure. Okay speaking of playground stories. This was like third or fourth grade. I was probably in wait. Should I say my element? Yeah, I will say it Hausman Elementary. Why would you say here Elementary? Well, what's an eel? I went to Houseman and Esparza. Yeah, and then I went to basis for my last year of Elementary and then okay, so I was in the playground and me and some kids were like you'll we found this bottle. It was like plastic bottle. So the only reasonable thing to do was fill it with rocks. Whoa my God and this kid was holding it on top of the monkey bars. He had the water bottle. I walk under the monkey bars. He drum North Korea you Drops of water bottle and then like I didn't think it broke my like fractured my nose only and that's how are you nose looks so weird. You wanna you wanna go Tony? Okay. So yeah, and then and then I went home crying. Yeah, because my nose was bleeding and everything story. So does anyone else I was there before I go Tony? Oh my dude You Gonna Keep like Iraq be your voice or you can you can you just speak normally when I can just kind of weird dude. It's like, you know, I was running I was playing this stuff I trip and I tell Pants rip you talk like that. I kind of did the splits. I kind of did this place dude all the time in front of hands. Like I didn't know I did I thought I just heard like seem like it's a bit like I didn't know that I did so I kept bumping her day. None one I did and I'm gonna Target. And there's just little kid and he looks at me dude, and he's like you had a hole in your butt and I'm like, I'm thinking dude. What's the difference? That's one like I grabbed it and I'm like, yeah like yeah, like I feel whole I'm like bro. I gotta go home. almost like profound scary experience and then I got and then I got Reese's so I kind of that's kind of I don't know. It's pretty soon. Yeah. Okay. So under another story what does happen in third grade? So in PE we used to have like that. Okay. So there's the coach used to pick like three people to like lead. I guess that would follow the coach but then the students would follow the children that I were like chosen, you know, so I was chosen. All right, and I had to pee really really bad already. All right, and I asked the coach I use the restroom and she said no and this is an emergency but it wasn't an emergency at the time. All right, so I was like, okay, whatever. Did it become one of so, see you later. We're gonna get to that later. So. You know that exercise where you just like a stretch and you have to like bend over. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. I was doing that right and during that moment of time there to hold it for 10 seconds, but became an emergency thing so I get up right and if it pissing my pants in front of everybody, oh my God so bad and this isn't it. Isn't that bad? Casual Wednesday, and then also in third grade I got suspended because since I was getting bullied at the time, well, I was I got bullied like throat my whole image school years, but I was getting bullied right and so I remember like threatening people with a knife and I got suspended for maybe a week. I had a charge my record for a couple of years. It's off now thankful still imagining all this. Teachers yeah, like substitute for a second. I thought you meant Subway, okay. Yeah volume dude, just so quiet like she bent over like that takes up like all of your area of sight right dude. I had to fart so bad leaving like that for some and like I could feel it was about to come out. I'm so scared. It's like a fart about it. Since you bent over everybody thought it was her if she was trying to explain to her that it wasn't and I'm just sitting there boat and I'm like, I'm gonna sit with me because I want everything. I have like a hard story to what the hell Tony Tony. You're to Toni KO let's go. Talk Tony. What topic are you doing? I'm really paying attention over some stories. So this morning I woke up. Honestly, I wish I didn't. Yeah, okay. This dude is has been sitting here all quite not even saying anything just playing GTA. Well, I've been talking. I've been laughing mainly even laughing you haven't told a story the back and mentary school. You know how it is. We used to play infected right? So there is these like metal bars where we target. Go to like choose. Who is it? Yeah and like those I never liked infected. I prefer it looks like your show. I didn't know you can't catch anyone know. It kept running because I want it. I don't want to be it like drugs being it not me but I kept running and running and sure enough. I accidentally pushed this kid into the fucking pole and he does it. Yeah, he died and he died. Yes, y'all want to hear my thumb's story. You're so funny Tony. Okay, have fun told any of y'all this story. No no - and I think he's told us but I just wasn't paying my fingernails. They're okay. It's just fucked. I told Austin I know he asked me about it. I'm pretty sure I told Tony to okay. So here's the cap. Okay and multiple people have it and I should not bring it up anymore. I never said that I said dude, I've told you this story before stop asking me. That's what I said. I look he still recording. Yeah. Why not? Why wouldn't I? How long it's been it's been 21 minutes. So we gotta speed it up next topic. Okay. Y'all want to hear the thumb story. I'll do it short as possible Last Story. There is my right thumb as you all know, it's fucked up. Okay, I was around five six seven years old. We drove this. I think it was black big like this. It is UV. Know if it's like the family vehicle, you know, like in between a minivan and a huge and then I don't know what it's called. This has like three rows. Okay. So my word many it's in the morning for going to go pick up my older sister from a sleepover at her friend's house. Okay. This was in Mexico when I lift in Mexico would have sister. Shut up, and then. Okay, I'm great at talking with y'all could tell and then I get out my mom gets out the car. We're picking up my sister. She gets out out of her friend's house. Her friend's mom comes out my mom and her mom start talking. My sister says goodbye to her friends. Yeah, and she's and starts heading to the car as you know, I'm a smart human. Dean and I love to play with car door hinges. I see all my oh my gosh. Okay. So the door is halfway open and I'm like sticking my thumb in the hinge and my soda and my sister goes up to the car and she opens the door even wider which makes the door pull off the skin of my thumb the nail of my thumb and it's just the bone a bit of flesh on it and the skin hanging off. Okay, so I did tell you that part. Okay, you did it and then it says paying off they give me like this they give me like this light brown towel or was it? I can't remember all I remember is that the end of it? It was a dark brown towel because I had it on my thumb and they rushed me to an emergency hospital or something where my uncle and then and then they snubbed Stitch it up and now my nails fuck. Could get surgery to fix it. But I'm like, why would I do that? Okay, that's the story of how my thumb is how it is next. Thank you for okay. Wait, wait, wait. Okay. Why? We can't just being falsely advertising stuff that was in an airport fine. I've seen I've seen it happen. I'm okay. Okay, everyone just shut up next topic. Let's do music. Let's do music. Wait knowledge wait till Kevin song to do music. That's what I thought. I need to speak to Kevin. I am back. Okay. Yeah. Are we doing the world events? Let's do world events. Yeah. Okay. So what's up with the world kind of crazy 911 didn't have a water of the I just didn't Africa doesn't have water. All right, get this. Let's talk about something for real that's on realize that people are overreacting on the coronavirus because more than like a thousand people have recovered from it. Okay, but let's also know that now we're talking about I think the A virus is trying to take away the attention fact that one state or a couple of states are trying to pass a law that doesn't provide medical care for Trans kids. Have you ever noticed that this has been going on since the elections and last year was the clowns? Yeah, I remember that not in 2016. It was the clowns, right? Yeah. Yeah, but it's so mentally you would but it was still behind the president presidential election thing. Okay through all the campaign's it was all happening. All right now, okay. Wait, I want to give my opinion on the coronavirus. Okay. I'm not going to take it from here. Dude, you don't know it controversial. That is no. Okay. It's very controversial. So I would show again. Okay, let's talk about trans rights. What skills do I want to give my opinion on the coronavirus? Not it from a medical standpoint from a from a sales standpoint. Okay, right. Now what's happening is factories in China are shutting down and like because when the Coronavirus Iris, like first outbreak was around the I think it was like the New Year's holiday or something over there. It was a holiday where the factory workers went home and some of them stayed home because of the containments. They had to stay there and many Factory workers are not at the factories, which is slowing down production, of course big factories and like stuff like that have Surplus and like stock available, but They're going to like they can run out and smaller factories don't have like a large supplies to keep it back. I was watching this video by Linus Tech tip one of the best tech channel series. I'm pretty sure they hit 10 million subscribers a while ago. Like, oh not that long ago. Are you sponsoring them to now what's going on here on the string line is textured. Shout. Shout out to Linus. Okay. And yeah, so And many factories are not operating right now, which I think it's going to make the prices of electronics anything like from China, which is like almost everything. I think it's going to make go up and just go up. Yeah, and also it's not just the factory work. It's also the drivers in China because they also went home and they need drivers. I think the coronavirus as bad as you all might assume to it affected. All right, a dog like dogs are precious. Dogs are precious. Tell me what culturally it's okay for like, you know, like certain foods or whatever. We should you know, what? Get some other certain we just shouldn't be eating that kind of animal. Yeah, I mean I get that baby back. Okay, brother Tony you really just gonna disrespect wait what we even named the bat we found we gave him this man. We need that type beat we named the Batman. I set him free and because yeah, yeah. Okay, anyone else got like some Global events in what hotter? What happened in China in 89? Yeah, let's get let's get away from Asia. All right. All right, let's talk about shut up. Greta thunder berg got person of the year instead of mrs. Elton. Yes, wait the hate that the vegan act. Yeah how she got personal the year instead of mr. Beast? Yeah. She's an activist. It doesn't yeah, we do anything to solve a problem. But mr. Beast. I actually hate her already articles on how like vegan is because as you all know, I was vegan for a couple of years and I just hate people like her like vegans like You are getting a tan your she's a child. I'm a child too. And I mentally disabled to if you play csgo you are yeah, I'm legally allowed to I can talk about shit about anyone. Okay? Okay now I'm just Bernie Sanders. Okay, I want him to win because he's promising like this free college free Medicare. I don't care if I have to wait and fucking lines. It's free. Okay, you really think two hours of my time is More valuable than not paying $200 to go to the dentist. I mean, yeah, that's pretty that's pretty good. Yeah, that's pretty yeah taxi who's saying my name and they're all if you do not want legalize marriage, but at least everyone who's in jail or like drunk hugs like that. What he does, it's like you like talking. She's like Target and go to and he's like finished. I doubt you're a stupid. Shut up. About trans rights big doesn't affect us. We're cool with it. Yeah, I'm not attractive. Are you sure buddy? No, I'm not sure and we don't have to worry about it. It's like me being part of the lgbtq community. I just feel like I'm you know, I'm also part of the lgbtq community, but to be honest like I won't be honest no offense, but the thing is, it's I'm fine with everything going on at school, but things just don't Force it on everybody. That's just kind of chill. Yeah, we're just trying to wait but not to talk about the coronavirus and how it's going to affect that lets hear out Maddie. No, she said she wants her parents everybody and one state. I believe it actually I don't remember what state it is. But I know a state is trying to pass this bill on lgbtq History where Learners are you have to learn the ins if not like an elective. I wouldn't be opposed to it being like part of like the sex ed and education but like yeah, but just at least give us a sec. Always Cavett have this we got this on my screen right now. Oh, that's me. He's maintaining. Okay. Let's give a special Welcome to our first ever guest on the podcast Kevin Kevin Amy. Oh, I'm a guess. I'm not even a part of it. I see how it is. Our next topic was going to be music Okay, Kevin, since you're here, let's move on to the next topic. Okay, we're at 36 minutes and 38 seconds. So let's get into music. Okay first let's get this out of the way. What's y'all's favorite music? Sean oh, let's get what's the worst music genre country country country. We're literally living in time. I would have to disagree. I would say it's hard rock like hard metal Rock. I feel I would say. Yes. Are you talking about that to listen to Country always complain about how the new generations music is always talking about everyone complains about the new generation a new country music or just new music in general. Just hold hands and June General. Yeah. Horse to vote Republican. Okay now, but okay. Let me open up my Spotify as y'all my oh my goodness. No. Okay. There's my Spotify. That's on Sheen. Oh, yeah, I listen to most of this playlist. This is Kevin's playlist. Okay, I have to say not a big fan of it. That's your fault. Okay. Yeah with the coach. ER not look what he starts off with you have like, oh wait. Okay. Let me close it out. Not lucky you Kevin. You want your it? You start off with Two phones by Kevin Gates saying because that's the are I made it. That's what I'm talking about music plays for the different times. I made this playlist in 2017. Yeah, that song starts thinking this is what I do. Every time I get a board of a song Take It Out the playlist I got ya this fire. Okay. We got a would you word 41 minutes? It's that's so long. Okay, 41 minutes 20 minutes. Okay, dude. My playlist is more than 50 hours. What do you mean do my famous is like a bit? Okay. I like like I don't know. I don't know Shenanigans this songs. Have y'all ever listen to trap a nice little rice. Look listen to the song that chopped up that stick bitch. I'm trapping ramen noodles on my we don't hear anything. Can you all hear me now? Yes, we can hear you know, I think I muted my mic accidentally. Wait. Can you all hear it now? Oh, I actually didn't hear did you see that? I mean asking you're picking up G. Okay. Well, it's like this funny Chinese song It's Like I'm Trappin. He's because it's well, it's Japanese. Why does it wait? Is it Chinese sir? I don't know if it's Japanese. Yeah, and it's trap music but Japanese and it starts off with Roman numerals on my dick when I'm clapping cheeks. Yeah, like my Asian friends sent me this and you have Asian friends. Have your friends Kevin's doing the Kevin thing 7 in here who's told us? He sounded like seven. That's Austin talking actually, wait, what okay to use Austin. That's Austin talking right now. So what's your favorite type of music? Music that is Beats a like I'd have to say like like eighties at least like 80s and 90s, but I like today's it's okay, but like I still fine with it. But I would say my favorite my favorite artists are Picasso little Skies. Okay. I honestly hate y'all. Because Nitro is gives you like more or better quality crap. Okay, so y'all want to give any opinion Some Like Music y'all. I mean, I'm sorry. I don't know. What's the last topic we have hockey hockey boy. Okay agree on this. Yeah, we didn't okay, that's not the topic. But I don't know what I just want to point out. The Canucks are leading the Blue Jackets in the third three to two with Dominique. No. Wait, is that his name? No, it's Dominic Dom McGee or something like that. They're new. They're new goaltender that they just traded for wellness. Everyone silent. What because it's his name is Luis Dominique Louis. Tell me and then it little girl Bo horror that wait Lois Erickson. I didn't say hey, Google. The mics off the female voice it was so far away to his like yeah. So yeah, they're currently leading with both. Wait, who is it? Who is it, but Jason Miller and Elias Patterson having three points each in one game. JT Miller best pickup of last year one of my favorite players now. Okay. So let's get on to the next topic. That was six short cannot wait, hold on people before we get on to the next topic. Okay, next the next school. Cool Alec. Are you even screen-sharing anymore? I'm screen sharing Spotify, but it's minimized so it's like Mine's just loading others. Yeah. Yeah. Mine just said loading. Look at Alex playlist right quick, dude. I am so happy with school. Okay, you touch our next topic? Yeah. How's everyone doing? Well fights what? Yeah perfectly the Charlie walk. Oh, yeah, Charlie got beat up. It was funny bro. Well, that'll make a mess. inferior of of Charlie So how does that even work? We're gonna make a new dance boys do the L dance. We dance we fall down on the floor backwards after taking a few why we could go down on the back you get your ass beat get in the field position. Yeah. Actually, he did. Yeah, and then he said and then he posted on this story. Like I feel ashamed that I couldn't protect my girlfriend your girlfriend didn't do anything. She was just standing there watching it beat ya thing. You could do at that point because if you break up a fight, you're gonna get don't like you're going to be the one getting hurt and then someone so like I don't want it was smart for her to do what you need to do words like try to break it up. But as soon as Fellows you cancel know sometimes I think you got locked up. That's how I was told that's really too. He was really chill. Chill. I never met him. I just knew. Oh, yeah, he beat up Charlie or not, but he would like if you really knew him he was like hella fun. He was hilarious. I had to make period last year. He was how he was hilarious, but I'm just playing okay. That means I can save you and word right? No, no. So cold afternoon. I'm sitting on the couch right now and I see different profile pictures. Oh, yeah, I'm from like Maddie changed her profile picture Ashton. Who else that's it. I probably won't bang Wolfie. What's your name wolfing? I don't like let's all talk. Okay, let's talk about Austin's tattoo. Oh, yeah, Austin, you're so dumb. Let's change. Let's change the subject. Dude. I could do chess, you know what girl looks like that. She's gonna think you're 40 and not sleep with you. Right? Do you have to go? And fruiting no, she's not going to think he's fruity. She gonna think he's furry. Yeah, we should all get it like a group tattoo, you know. Or is it all just did not and I don't know if they can trust. All right, that's trash. What do the chance down? Okay. No, but I'm planning to get Applebee's like near my collarbone like on the left side of my chest, you know. Hey did once I get a job, I'm a treat you all to a nice meal of Appleby. I feel bad for your future girlfriend. Dude. Y'all be hating on Applebee's. Okay, apple sucks. Come on, you can't be saying stuff like that. That's hurts my feelings. I have a deep emotional connection with Applebee's. Yeah, no, no slap me my head in your mouth. I want to get a tattoo of the letter A because my name is Alec and I like the letter A. I want to I want to get that Applebee's logo. And those are the two tattoos. I want I don't know any other tattoo that I could want. I want a rose like I'm missing my kids. I want my family's birth years on my forearm. whatever I want I want a moon on my behind my right ear and and sun behind my left here we should all mystery what a fucking bandwagon we should all get a rose in between our tips yes yes that's going to be the group tattoo I'm sorry that Rose will be in the middle of it it's gonna be a beat if I find a place to put it I'll put it aw snap a picture of a fetus on his stomach I'm gonna die my stomach my stomach actually heard so much from coughing because I've been sick the past two weeks turning on the camera and saying oh it's a video Oh, actually I should do that. But I also like the color pink. Thank you. Dude. You like my profile pic. No, I like it. Dude, it's just a video call with Kevin. Weather picture where he all video sharing. What is Madison to look like? She's like horny as hell. I never fucking profile picture asking me Madison that question the record beating beating Peaks and now Okay, guys, we're getting off topic. We're getting off topic back up with acrylic 52. All right, give us a topic game board topic was school and then we started talking about Charlie's fight. Let's talk about abortions. No, no, wait, wait wait, I want it. I want to talk about abortion so I actually Let's talk about that. Let's no we need a spice things up a little bit of controversy, you know. Yay. Okay. Okay. All right, Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry. Are you crying Austin? Shut up, Jerry Pro or con abortion? Procon, no. Wait. No. What city are you against or for? I'll just lie probably a choice sir. Hi, Tony, what's your opinion? What did Jerry say against? I guess abortion Austin, I don't care about it, Kevin. Okay, nobody. I'm pro-choice Boston passion. Honestly, I don't care. Okay. I'm pro-choice. Bro. Oh did I can't believe y'all are getting I don't think is very very important thing. Yeah, so It's home. All right, y'all boys ready? I lost my know so much about what is in your body and what you're doing with that child, but they won't care about it until it's born. They won't pay the medical bills for it. They won't they're not. do anything for that child especially if there's no Father Figure so why do they care about what you're doing with your body why are you singing to be a single mother no I'm not I'm saying just that in general that does not wait to make it seem like I'm not Why are you wearing a hoodie indoors Julian? Let me leave to our second guess Julian bully a snowboard podcast. Thank you all for listening. I hate y'all, Goodnight, Texas.