Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is alreadyTurning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and He'll just open up his mouth and just start chomping at me. Yeah, it makes me feel very good about myself. I know probably haven't held him in like 10 years, but your dad can yeah, no problem. He's in love with my father and hates. Absolutely everyone. Everything else birds are gay. Anyway, okay. I've I don't know how long I've known you I was okay. I was thinking about this the other day because we talked about me coming on the podcast. I was like, when did I meet Emily how long have we been friends? I remember you when you had blue hair. Okay. I don't know how many times you've had blue hair. That would be freshman year blue hair. I had blue hair for a really long time. So it's start was it short blue hair was it long ish? It was like it was when you have like a bob it was undercut. I remember going to like Rachel's party with you. Remember Joe's party. Rachel Pittman's part. Yeah her like 16. Yeah. Okay, we were friends before that, but that was like around the time. So it was like middle freshman year. Did we have a class together? What I this is I do not I genuinely do so sad because we've been like good friends for a long time. Yeah, but we I don't know it's fine small the stories we've been For like for coming up on five years almost five years. Yeah. So we always we always have a good crack time together. Yes, but we also have like a very deep Long conversations. Yeah, like mixed by it is very mixed five. So you're like the only friend that I do that with as I'm now. Yeah, just like, you know, we're just going to talk about life and you're my you're my designated which Imam friend. Yes. Every time I see. I say anything. She goes Mom Mom Mom Mom part. But anyway, I was driving home today. And I was I left it because I texted you that I was leaving it like probably like for yeah, I didn't get home until like eight. I was literally driving for like four hours and my drive to Rockledge were only takes like two and a half three hours and this took me fucking it was terrible. I don't it's the spring break. Panic that's going on and also you hit Orlando at like six seven o'clock whatever you want. I for know because I've worn out for no idea. I've avoided I for because there was like an accident on it or some shit like that. But then the road that I was on had an accident on it as I was going on to it. So it just became like this whole clusterfuck. Yeah, and I was coming back from Tallahassee today. So I was in the car for six hours. So we've both been in the car for a very long time today. So we went to view and we went to be fo Brady's a bad food. It was okay this okay. If on the menu, it says potato chips with like cheese like melted cheese, like you're going to assume that it's like like like fish and chips like wedges, but ya know it was like kettle cooked potato chip heddle cooked and it was the cheese was just on it and the cheese the cheese the chips were like badly made like they were almost translucent with Amount of grease in there. It was like the oil there were using like wasn't hot enough. So they were just full of grease and just I don't know in the little lady came by and said is everything good and I was like, oh, yeah. Everything's really good. She has okay. I've been a waitress so I know like if you tell your waiter something is wrong. They're not going to take it personally because like it's not their fault 90% of the time if something is wrong, so I have no problem being like this nasty, but Emily hates doing that like she okay. We were at a place called. Papa saans, which is a Korean restaurant like right around the corner from my house and we both got soup and there was like a little bug in her soup and she was like, it's fine. I was like, no, it's not. Okay. I had already eaten like all the fucking soup and this little fucking fly thing was all the way in the back. He was just waiting for me is like you're gonna eat this whole fucking bowl of soup and then you're gonna find me and I'm going to ruin your fucking day. So it's just like counterintuitive for me to mention. She was like, no it's fine. And then I like scooped him out onto the spoon. Waited for the waitress to come over and showed her the bug on my spoon and then she's like oh and you were too scared to tell me that it there's a bug in the literal bug it it's not like you weren't insulting anyone like it was clearly no one's fault, but you were just like, yeah, I mean, I don't know because I've like worked as a host which is like not the same really is a waitress, but it's just like any time a customer just ask me shit. I was like fuck off like it's just oh, yeah, her parents are sleeping. My Dad's sleeping. We got guys having shoulder surgery soon. Oh, no, this is short. What's he's fine. He had like a bone spur. So like he had a little lab me. Okay, so it's like a little tooth essentially the grows on your bone. Yeah. So it was like hitting a nerve and I was like pinching a nerve and it was really painful. So now he has something going on with his other shoulder but it's not a bone spur it but it's something that's pinching the nerve so we could have like a nerve bundle that's moved because I had that in my For after my surgery, so he's having another surgery. It's pretty much they're going to open them up and figure out what's going on and but it's fast recovery gonna give his shoulder a root canal. No ma'am. Like you said it was a toy. Okay, what they do is they got it looks like a tooth but it's not like an actual tooth. It's not like it has roots and gums and everything. That is my imagine that half says did you know that happen? We have isn't like if a baby's like absorbed in the people get like teeth and then well, yeah, but also it's like a weird type of I don't know enough about this but people have lumps that they think are like tumors and then they have like hey or and teas and it's horrifying I live he wants to be a nurse and just like sometimes she'll just tell me things and I'm like, you know, I could have gone my whole life without knowing that information but completely off-topic. Do you see what's in my hand? What is that part of a disco ball? No, so this is little silver confetti. This was given to me by Cathy Rigby who played Peter Pan. She's like one of the most famous people to play Peter Pan, but I'm sure she's very beautiful you could she do she gave me a bag of pixie dust quote unquote pixie dust and now I just kind of find it in my room and that's from when I was I think for where the fuck did you find that just now in here and the lid to my candle? Oh, My I have ADD. Yeah. No, I'm when I it's like I don't know whenever I get around you. It's like crap. It's crack time it hung time. I just not affect a lot of people. It's just feeling comfortable with someone's you're like, yeah, because I'm like, I'm never gonna not be entirely myself around someone which is good. Yeah, because I don't want someone to just like surface-level me like Rather know that you don't like who I am and not waste my time on you imagine that that is like could not be me because like, why would I who has the time at this point in our lives? Everyone is so busy. Yeah. I'm not gonna spend time with you if you don't like me like hello. No, I feel that. I mean definitely as I've gotten older like I definitely feel that a lot more. Yeah, I on added. You know, I'm talking about I an added someone who was my best friend. For all of Junior and Senior year. I mean I never really liked them but we're not gonna get it. We're not getting it into that. Why there when I knew them they were great. They I'm sure they still are a great person. I don't really know them. They were always really really chill. Like I even though they never really liked me and I was like, why don't you like me like, you know what I mean in high school, but they were always just kind of like, you know, I'm just like being authentically me but now they're being authentically them and it's like kind of that's it. It makes me sad because I don't know if they're being authentically them. But again, that's not my place to say because I'm not really close with them anymore. But I haven't added them not because I was like where you like I was just like we don't talk. I'm not gonna leave this here to make me sad. Yeah of your life. You thrive all Thrive here. Everyone's fine. Yeah, that's a weird part of like high school and graduating. He's weird because it's like you really it's been almost a year since we've graduated. I don't like thinking about that I know time. I'm is not a real gun. So I took a gap year. So I've just been chilling. Like I was working. I've worked a couple jobs that you've worked like have they all been in like food? No, so I worked at the sports complex. Yeah. I remember I remember a lot about that. You're probably not it was weird. So that place was essentially nightmare. They kind of presented the job to me as Like a marketing working up in the offices, like helping schedule the coaches. It was like a sports facility mainly for like baseball training. So they had on-site like housing facilities were teams of come they had like an Olympic softball team there from yeah. It was such a professional thing. They presented it as professional but like they were all very unprofessional. Yeah, because when you work there you like did everything. Yeah, and then I like did Everything and then like once I fixed everything they pretty much gave me like a telemarketing job heard like just called the coaches. I was like, I don't want to do that. No. Yeah. I remember that. That was a while. That was like right after we graduated. That was before we grabbed. Yeah, and I was a month before we graduated. Yeah, I literally grab my teeth. So head if you guys here they better rumbling. It's not microphone is on my twin bed right now on top of her coat on each box. Which box stop? Which box it has some dried Lavender in it. It has a selenite one who this tea is. Very good, right? I got that from a little holistic herbal shop in st. Pete. I sound like the worst time ever separate you sound like kind of I don't know. I don't know. I have flour tattoos. She does have Flora tattoos. She has I have foliage tattoos. I want a tattoo. That's not helping your case. It's I sound like the worst person she has flower tattoos their foliage actually. No, I have lavender and Patchouli on my arm for my mom because I've always loved lavender and she's always loved Patchouli and they do smell good. What if they made scented tattoos horrifying what I like scratch-and-sniff scab and sniff scab and snipped. You know what the scarification is that freaks me out. That's one of the only that's what Medical things isn't that like when they cut you to make a tent? Yeah, they cut out a shape and then it's cars over that seem like they do in like the the tribes and like Hawaii. No, but that's just like a thing now they have tribal tattoos, which its they do it in Tahiti. They do it in Polynesian called that's like well, but like it's still like needles and ink scarification is literally just taking a scalpel and cutting out chunks of you. Amen, oh my pluralistic and then somehow it heals over into that shape, but that's like things moving. Just skin freaking out skin skin like skin grafts. I'm like looking at just a piece of skin. No are like on my aunt my aunt like everything else doesn't bother me. I literally watched a cadavers arterial bleed and it was fine because it was just like especially when it's like a cadaver like they've already been embalmed. So it's just like the skin. It's not like it's a Louis gooey in there. Like it's just don't like any of it. I'm not okay. Fun fact about me anything with like Emily gets real OG when you talk about anything medical like I don't be liking needles. I don't want to know about nobody's bomb breaking. I was gonna tell her this story earlier. We are all over the place. Yeah. I told her not to tell me it because I'm talking about I was trying to tell her about I was looking at a CMA program in Tallahassee. What's assume a program? It's a certified medical assistant. So it's a medical assisting program in the Health Sciences. But you take a certification certification exam at the end. So you can work in like a doctor's office. Like that's the person who comes in and takes your blood pressure and if you need a flu test or strep test or at a low doctors, it's basically like a program where it's specialized to that school so you can Currently it's like a as or like a Bas program if any of you know what that is, right. But anyway continue so I want your program and when you start phlebotomy, which is barrier, you do blood testing or like skin Prix or allergy testing or giving. Okay. We did it. Okay, and I literally just said the word butterfly needle and she freaked out because when you start learning how to do phlebotomy you practice on each other. So you're just hoping I would not let anyone who's in school to be a fun. So, okay. She was talking about how after her dinner was gross. She was like, I wish I You just have like a bag attached to me, which I explain would be like a stoma bag where she could just like put her nutrients in it. That would be so in them be fine. I could just attach like he know like the fucking when dogs are dehydrated. They put like a sack of fluid in their back. Like that's me every that's oh God. I just saw a stack of fluid in my back and I look good for NO MA'AM. So that's for people that's an IV and I asked her if she'd ever had and I've no so now we're going to explain what an IV is like and my IV Horror Story So I had a surgery on my legs. So yeah, if you guys are like squeamish time, let's skip ahead couple minutes. Yeah. So I these are essentially a shunt do you notice shunt is do you know how they get maple syrup out of trees. Oh like it's like a hole in some. Yeah. It's like a hollow needle that's angled at the end. Yeah. So imagine you put that you screw that To a tree and then the second that's one of my if he does to people right except things go in instead of coming. All right, so when they're putting saline like fluids and that's what they put your medicine in so they don't have to keep like stabbing you right. So mine was in the back of my hand. They put it in your non-dominant hand because it can leave kind of a bruised because they're pretty big so they put mine on like the top of the back of my hand where it like meets my wrist just because that's where my more prominent veins were discussed freaked me out. I used to be really freaked out by need. All's I was 16 at the time of my surgery and I was like not ready. Oh, yeah Livy had what you because you're I have my achilles tendon lengthened in my left leg. So she would always walk on her tiptoes because it hurt to put your feet down. I couldn't put my feet down. It was like it was I would try to and hurt and then they took an x-ray of me trying to put my foot down in my like bones were bending it was bad. I had some like muscle tension and like for some reason lengthening this My body was like oh sick and like the muscles relax. It was very strange. Anyways, getting ready for the surgery. They put my IV in wasn't bad. I was fine. Like it didn't really the nurse who was doing it did a really good job. So I didn't really feel it. It just felt like getting a blood test pretty much cool and then they tape it onto your hand. And then for this surgery it was on the back of my leg. So for some reason they put you under when you're like lying on your back and then they flip you over once you're underweight. That's so fucking discombobulated know I was talking about there. Like I don't know that's just how we do it. So like and I didn't really wake up until a couple hours later because it was a pretty long surgery. It was the way they lengthened it. Sometimes they just cut the tendon in half and then it like halfway through and then it kind of stretches out and then it like really grows. But mine they had to cut it all the way across and then add a thing and lengthen it it's kind of like a bionic only be yeah. Um, my surgeon showed me a picture of my tendon hanging out of my leg why I don't know because she a crazy lady. I love her. So anyways, they have me flipped on my back. I'm not sure where my hands were but according to the point. No, you're on your front then because it was our yeah, I was on my front Okay, um, I'd never gone under anesthesia for a surgery. And I metabolized it super quickly. So apparently thank God I have zero memory of this. I woke up halfway through my surgery. What have you ever heard this story? No, you never told him. I woke up halfway through apparently. I tried to lift myself up like imagine me like trying to get into a push-up, but obviously I'm very like still half under so I put my hand down like I was trying to prop myself up and ripped my ID out of my hand again. I have zero memory of this. This is just what I've Been Told They thank God I did that because they realized what was going on quickly put my IV in my right hand and then put me back under so both your hands will fuck them. Yeah, it sucks. So I woke up in my view was in my other hand and I was still like kind of half asleep and I looked at the nurse that was like I was like, I just said why and she was like, oh this happened, but you're fine. You don't remember that. Thank God and then I left that day. So they were going to take my IV out. And the surgery was several hours long. I it took me a couple hours to wake up. So I had been there like all day. I came in really early in the morning and I wasn't leaving to like early evening ish. Right? So usually when I've he's been in that long you can just take the tape off and then pull the needle out. Well this IV had only been in for a couple hours, so it was still very fresh. So my skin hadn't like started to heal around it or anything. So when she pulled the tape off it just ripped the ivy Out of my hand. No and I started shooting blood everywhere. So no to my memory. I just remember her like grabbing my wrist and then taking it out in the needle spinning in my hand. Um, and then I remember being like what are you doing? And then don't really remember anything after that because I still pretty drugged. Oh, no. I was just like woo like still coming back to Earth according to my mom which I didn't know this until recently she told me that it spun and then came out and then I was just bleeding everywhere. So then she had to like grab something to like get my blood like back in. Yeah, that was really fun. And then I was on like muscle. I was pretty much a vegetable for a couple months even really fun that's fucked. I've never had two halves in a wheelchair and Rachel Pittman used to sit on my lap and I would have wheel her around I think I remember that I feel You aren't supposed to be really good friends, right? We were yeah, I love that great Rachel and me. We don't really talk that much like she's a my friend Rachel's and she's at Colgate University in New York. Love her Shadow Rachel so smart. I love her. I remember her like looking at schools and we're like you go on the toothpaste like he had English together senior year going to toothpaste tube on a two-faced University, but she like didn't you get a really good scholarship to I don't know. But anyway me and Rachel just Send each other pictures of Adam Driver. Yeah, we haven't really talked since like, I don't know. We just kind of vibe like it's not like we went out of her way to like be really good friends. We would just like whenever we arrive each other we would just buy I've cheated also cracked out a lot. I feel around the crack with high school friendships. A lot of it's just kind of like if you're around people, you know, yeah, I've never really liked that bitch. Like I don't know. I feel like I've uh, With who I chose to Vibe with no. Yeah, but like it's not like you're really friends with them. But like you're choosing to like them but then it's also like I'm not really gonna go out of my way to true. You know. Yeah, I feel like that's why I was with almost everyone in high school. Yeah that our school was like so small. Yeah. We want to like a it's like it's not a private. It's a school of choice. Yeah, so it's like which is the most pretentious title, but it's really not like there's plenty of lower socioeconomic. Make like people there. It's just like the weird people school and like are graduating classes like 1/3 be something right? Yeah, and we had it was 140 and we had the biggest graduating class. Yeah, so is pretty it's a pretty teeny tiny but you need tiny it's less than a thousand kids for middle school and high school. Yeah so 7th through 12th grade, but yeah, we were also around each other like so much. I feel like my senior year. We were all just Sick of each other because we'd been here in the same classes with each other. Well, not the same classes but like the same group of people for six years. You couldn't you can escape anything in that fucking so no, that's why I hated it. And that's why I like breakups were so dramatic because you knew you were gonna have a class at them it Lord one or someone that's their friend and it was just like terrible so much so much. I mean I kind of I was kind of friends with a lot of people and to nettle tea, so I'm drinking Emily's now. You have to hold it if you don't drink I'm not holding them. But I have kind of I kind of like glided through high school until like senior year and then everything kind of like God destroyed for me. I went through like a like a breakup and then like at the beginning we okay. We went through the same pattern with our current relationships. Yeah, we like horrible breakup and then everyone did some growing up and then we got back. Clip of people. Yeah, but like it's I don't know. We'll see me are good for you. It was a bad. I don't I've kind of blacked out all of high school. Like I just haven't thought about it since you girls we got it. I only remember like kind of the bad parts of high school. It was sophomore year was hell for me, which I will not get into too much because I will get angry but the school kind of screwed me over because of my surgery. Oh fuck. Yeah. I remember that. It was rough because like I was putting on a good face because like I didn't want to bring everyone down and be like crippling stuttering cause like there's no point in being like that. But like I would come home from school every day and fall asleep. Like my body was just exist. It was like stood I have bionicles in me. I am by llanos. My Bionicles need to return exactly are we is that the glasses huh? That's bye. Giggles I thought I thought we were saying the wrong thing is like wait, I have both focus in my tendons and I'm not actually Bionicle. They like lengthen my tendon with my tendon. That's just like how the fuck they get more tests the cutout like a zigzag shape almost. I don't like red patch those two tabs. So the length of my tendon by three centimeters and I literally had to learn how to walk so So I was using muscles I had never used before like and I was walking all over this whole last school and like it was just so much on my body and it was like emotionally draining because like everything took so much. Yeah. I remember wasn't it for a time. Like you still I don't know why I remember you were walking flat foot on one foot. But then one foot you still had like the tiptoe on yeah, it sucks. So my left foot was completely flat, but my right foot hadn't caught up yet. So I kind of looked like a pirate with like my Eggs red different Legacy, I wouldn't remember you. I won't see you. I'm gonna look like Quasimodo provide a giant backpack on and I was just kind of shuffling her like I would just be living in the hallway and she be like Emily and then she'd like Shuffle over to me like a pirate. I don't know my backpack on with my crutches and just kind of took to Magic and I also water I walked with a cane for nine months. I'm gonna have to fucking spend so much time and you welcome. Yeah this to the pink in here. We have I have one of those lights that can change colors and it's on purple right now. I know I want I really want to do the thing that James Charles did where it was like, um, do your makeup with the lighting diff like neon light? Yeah, because it really did looks really cool, but it came out like popping like it looked so good when he turned the pink light on though and the one side that was done. I thought oh he gave himself a black eye, but then in the end of the bully fucking sick. Yeah. This makes zero sense if you haven't seen this video I'm sorry, essentially. It's like light cancels out certain colors, so I'm not going to explain it. But anyway, we were talking about like senior year. So yeah, that's why I like hated high school because I'd like going through a breakup and then his like friends like head making jokes about me and then people that were friends of them were like telling me all of it and it was just like this huge thing. It was so high school to it was so like it was very emotionally draining for like I'm not trying to diminish Your feelings but like all the stuff that everyone did around you was so so high school and my friend group at the time. Oh, we're gonna we're getting animals from God. So my friend group of the time because obviously me and like Olivia were friends, but we weren't like as close as we are now, I don't think at all. No, we went there like a weird period where we just kind of got distant. It wasn't for any particular reason life and just life happens and we were both in weird mental places, but I had a group of friends. senior year of high school where like I don't really have anything against them now like if they're hearing this like they're gonna know that I'm talking about them, but they were just like if that still bothers them then that's on them like it's okay to talk about your past because it's your like I don't know if I could name drop them. Let's not yeah that wasn't a named off anyone but I had these three friends that you know, I'd known since like ninth grade and so is like a good bit like we were best friends. We hung out all the time. Like they're my like video game friends. Like I played friends with like play games. Them all the time and we were just like good we would hang out all the time. We would go to you know, each other's houses on the weekends all that kind of shit. You know, it was that kind of like I'm going to be friends with you guys until I'm like 30 years old like for the rest of my life type of shit, you know, like PDA you would think that you would have at your wedding kind of thing. Like that's where I was with them and then I got really depressed and so You kind of you know, all of this story. Oh, yes Buzz. We was we was we was Kings, but I had been really depressed all high school. And then there was this whole life and I was like Emily take care of your mental health and you were like, yeah. I'm going to sleep Emily but you are the only person that really kind of did anything about it because like my group of friends that I had was also friends with the people kind of that were talking shit about me or whatever and it was just this whole like Circle and I asked them if they could No do something about it and they never did and then all this shit came out and then one night. I like yelled at one person in the group and was like, why don't you like me like what am I doing wrong? And then they all kind of shunned me after that and then one person told me that my depression was like triggering that this is okay when this happened this person said some of the most horrible thing where yeah you were there with me for that. Yes, so they said we just said So would swallowed our spit at the see you I'm synced right think. Um, they said in a text some of the most like horrible things. Yeah. I've never had so I've ever like it was flabbergasting. Like I've never had anyone say stymie never seen anyone do that before. Yeah and in just like totally try like to intentionally just destroy someone and it like It fucked me up for a while because after that that whole friend group stopped being friends with me and not till months later, you know, did I get an apology from any of them? But now it's like, you know that that whole tie is severed like you never go back and it sucked because I tried for so long to make things like fine, but then they just were like you're too fucking sad for us. Like that's literally with the whole reason was they were like we didn't want to deal with your depression. So we just kind of ignored it. So Wouldn't talk about it. Like they yeah, she said that to me like yes, you know what I mean? And and it's not like she oh she kind of hinted at that like she's no I don't like the lightning said that and then in front of other people too. Yeah. It wasn't like a I don't know it was a huge mess so than that just kind of spiraled me down even deeper and then it was a it was a big ol mess senior year and I was really depressed but then I came out of it and I was like, hey, I'm not depressed anymore. Yeah and like yeah see. Muir was rough for a lot of people. I think it was kind of it. I just kind of didn't acknowledge my mental health senior year and there's kind of like you just kind of like I'm just do art. Yeah. I just kind of did Art and like did my senior project which is still in the front office teaching them know I painted a bench. Oh, yeah for yeah because you were doing science fair you were in another dimension. Yeah. Um, I painted a With an accurate depiction of the tribe that our mascot is based on severe the Edgewood Indians and ever. Well, they are still the Edgewood Indians, but that everyone is like, oh that's so offensive and they are because the fucking mascot is like of terrible depiction of an right I'm elated was they've changed it now, but I was like, hey, this is where our culture comes from like of this school and they gave us our blessing to call ourselves the Edgewood Indians like Way back in like the foundation of the school and like the reason our colors are like red black and white is because that's what they use to depict their status. Like that is like a whole lies backstory that just kind of got squashed. Yeah, like no one knows that in her school. So I made this the fuckin train going on right now choose. Sorry if y'all I didn't even realize I'm leaving the hood. There's just it's the train I live on the right side of the tracks. That's literally what people say. Side of the tracks you live from the right side. I think it's significantly worse to live on the left side it is. Anyway, anywho, but what are we where does star benches really not avenge? Yeah, I painted that in a weekend. Like I didn't do anything and Susan yelled at me for so long season is a teacher at our school and she looks like a toad. She's just very angry. She called me gay. You know that right? No, okay, so this wasn't like ninth grade. So I was with Jay Lee and I was waiting I was going to miss rooms room to get a book and Susan was like I don't even know what we were talking about, but she we were just having a conversation and she just stops and pauses and looks at me and goes it's because you're gay and I was like, it's like why I was like what and then I just I literally said what and she just walked out of the classroom. Did I tell you that the former band director? Like gay shamed me and like Middle School wait, the the the late the tall lady with the dark hair. Yeah, so she and I were very close because she was also my private teacher because I played oboe and she was an oboe player and I was doing Bobo gang. Um, and I was doing a lesson with her in her office and I was just like struggling really hard and then I just started like crying and she's like what's going on. I was like, I just got like Like I just went through a really bad breakup and she's like, yeah boys can suck at this age. And I clearly said she a couple of times is like yeah, it was my girlfriend. She's like, yeah boys can be rough at that. It was like, okay, we're just not going to talk about that that like we talked about it. She's just like yeah boys suck. I was like, it was a girl. She's like boys suck and I was like, I thought okay everyone thinks she's gay. She's not I know a lot about your life story like a lot why she's like so crotchety and old and yeah. So she I can't tell this story like to the public but I could tell you later, but she had like messy relationship things. Oh, okay. So she's just like his reasoning to be reserved. Yes. She's had a rough time. Okay. Well now I feel bad. Fuck. Okay, you know, she's still a horribly manipulative person. But like she also had a rough time with relationships. I see. Oh also so living was telling me about how like the Coronavirus covid-19 is now called covid-19 and also so I live in Gainesville. I mean, I'm home for the weekend obviously, but there's like a person quarantined in Gainesville for the coronavirus and I'm like, um, let's find I'm sorry. I'm texting someone right now. I'm not being a good podcast. Yes, you're fine, but I'm genuinely scared to live eat. Oh, yeah. I you told this part and then I'll tell you the thing. I was going to tell you ask Olivia told me that. It's called covid-19. Now which sounds like a fucking error code for society and I was like that's fucking scary. And then you are saying how people should prepare for like a hurricane and like yeah, that's what they were saying on the news a couple days and then literally like after she said that I got a snap for my friend Nick and he works at Publix and he was literally like literally all the water is selling out like it's going to be a hurricane and I'm literally just like as during Hurricane. Yeah, because influence Central Florida the water clears out as Soon as there's a hurricane warning. Yeah, it's ridiculous. It's like a thing. If you're not from the south, you won't know but like whenever there's mention of a storm. It's like full-on panic down here. Okay. So this is what I was going to tell you earlier. My mom and I were talking about this a couple days ago, but I found an article that has a good concise thing. Here's a little it's from The New York Times. So in early 2009 2018 during a meeting at the World Health Organization in Geneva a group of experts. I belong to coin the term disease X. Is this fucking Corona Donny's x wait, so we were referring to the next pandemic which would be caused by an unknown novel pathogen that hadn't entered the human population as the world stands today on the edge of the pandemic prep. Precipice there it is. I have a TD. I can't read. Um, it's worth taking a moment to consider whether covid-19 is the disease. Our group was warned about so didn't fucking is you guys like disease X back two years ago. They pretty much predicted. It would be something that spread quickly and silently explaining that works of human travel and trade the mortality rate would be higher than the seasonal flu and would spread as easily if not easy. you are than the seasonal flu which it does that's fucking so the flu has a rate of like if you have the flu influenza a or b pretty much the contact rate is usually around like if someone with the flu comes into contact with people one person out of the people that come into contact with out of like ten is going to get the flu with this it's two to three people that they come into contact with and it's also for covid-19, which is the official term for Coronavirus coronavirus is kind of a Catch-all term like the flu is a coronavirus. So now this epidemic itself is called covid-19 terrifying. It's terrifying 19. So the infection rate is six feet for 10 minutes. So if you are within a six foot radius of a person with covid-19 for 10 minutes antara for going to get it I'm not going to school so I thought okay, I'm gonna just take a fucking Gap year because I'll take a gap like Years. I'm not yet. They're saying it's gonna take two to three years to develop an effective vaccine absolutely horrifying like people I hate when people are like, oh don't be worried about it. Like we have so much technology. Like we don't have a fucking vaccine. What the fuck are you talking about? Yeah, so and they're also saying it's not gonna go away like flu season does like the flu pop crops up for a couple months out of the year and then goes away it's going to be it's going to ebb and flow for several years, but it's always going to be a concise. I'm so Oh, sorry. This this is so fucking sorry also who the fuck looked at a bat and send them look a little juicy though, like bat like a bat a bat. They're also saying it could come from snakes who the fuck is snakes. Look at me with in contact who picked up a snake who the fuck snake as snakes and bats someone out there in the Congo my foot like yes, Nick. Bad time. So anyway, Libby was telling me all this while we were eating our disgusting B fo Brady's food and I was like, it's time to go stock up for Corona. So I slid money over my bank and went to Target and bought seriously. I'm talking about this stuff and I'm like, yeah and as there's like a lull in the conversation. She's like you want to go to Walmart or like Target or because you don't want to you want to start early if you're gonna sit like Supply yourself for the hurricane or this. Otherwise, you're going to get caught in the panic. The last minute panic and if there does come a time where we are on lockdown, you don't know who you're fucking house that's increasing your risk of getting infected and and I have asthma and Asthma is not going to affect your life sweet movement read already. But um, so yeah, we went to Target and I stocked up on like, um, like like $40 of water and two things of ramen and just just a starting base. I'm gonna You guys got a lot of this stuff that can stay like good if I ever need and that's cashier was being so judgy. Like she was our age her and we were joking. It's not like we were like, yeah, we're preparing. Are you hoping their neighbors? Are you coronavirus? It's not like we're being super serious. We were just like yeah, we're stocking up in case the virus hits the u.s. Yeah. It was like Angelic kind of look to the side and was like, that's interesting. It literally looks like hey, excuse me like have A conversation like well, she's just a Sim. We just have to choose acting like it was I've literally want to go okay, but work because like that was the type of attitude. She had like she was literally our age like and she was acting like she was so much older but you're just like me people that just try to negate what other people are doing what it's just I'm like precautionary. I know because everyone's out of fucking masks. I was gonna buy a little face mask thing even though they're not supposed to do anything technically and Target's out. Okay. So now I have to go on Amazon. It's been like 50 dollars on medical masks. Yeah, because the prices are skyrocketing whoever makes those because my grandma was talking about this they were buying Mass because I mean they're 80 and they still go out a lot. Like they're still very healthy people but obviously because of their age their immune system is going to be weakened and their ability to fight the virus if they get it is low. So they say we we going to take the precaution. Turning out the lights. My mom turned on the porch light gotta feed them all. But yeah, so I stopped up for Corona today and then over the course of this spring break that's going to be my activities. My boyfriend's going down to the key my activities for spring break is going to be washing my hands. Yes. I'm just gonna take a shower. Yes for a month. I'll just sit in my bathtub and just do nothing just so can hand sanitizer, but I'm going to soak myself in rubbing alcohol. Yeah, John's going to the key. Use so and I don't know I decided not to go because I just have so much to do and like I have my photography product that I need to do. Oh, yeah, what does that do? It's do after like spring break when we get back and then I'm not letting go back. I'm busy. I don't like it but come on speaks play on my fucking hate each. But yeah, so he's going to the key is for spring break. I'm kind of sad so but I just was like, I've way too much shit that I need to do. Everything's gonna be fine though because I have to do my photography project and then history we have this weird like Source analysis thing that's do or it's like you have to read and article and then write like a response for that though. Like that's a very adult moved to be like I have responsibilities. I also like like we want our crews and like I liked it, but it was also kind of get quarantined. So that's a plus true and I don't know I just didn't like not doing anything for like three days. It was a three day cruise and I was just like I feel Just like I need to go out and do something which is so weird because you and I are both such like sit and bed eat snack, but that's kind of its just different cause when I'm like away from home like you want to be doing things. Yeah, like I want to be like home and like my bed is like where I can veg out but it's like I don't ever get super comfortable and like other environments I get that and like me and John went to the Keys a couple months ago for her last semester. I he just always into key because he had a he was doing a scuba certification class. So yeah. So we got like an Airbnb we were down there for like a weekend and I was like that was fun like those really cool kind of drove on did everything but I was like, I feel like a week down there of just doing nothing because it's only a couple miles wide. Yeah, and I think they're going like camping is what they're going to do. Okay, then there's like a park down there. That's really nice. I went swimming in like a which is cool. But almost like I don't know if I'm gonna like that. I just never had that experience before I had never been camping me either and I just I feel like that's so unusual. Will I feel like most people are thinking or just something we're both here sick picking at her ears right now. My piercing was stuck. I was moving it The Conch it's conk. Okay. The piercing lady said come well, she's fucking uneducated because she's doing piercings. Okay, I'm sorry. I that's not know her right? That's not right. I'm just damn whistle. Um, but I have really bad reviews. So but mine turned out. Okay, you just said it was stuck. Well, that's my fault. Okay, so I had I forget what it's called, but it's the ring that has like a ball bearing like suspended in between and I like took it out because I was going to take the piercing off and like clean It because my boyfriend gets grossed out that I don't take out all of my I've seven-year piercings and I don't take them out and like clean them. I mean you're just supposed to clean like the outside. Yeah, I know but like he was like shaming me for not so I was gonna see you get out here sings know what what they like smell weird after a while. So, okay. That's I mean that's like some Gabby Hannah shit. That's like something I'd never say that to me ever again. I did you see that video for literally prying earrings that arrears. No. No, she He posted a video of a tea with her recently. No, but this is like my last little very problematic. I not yeah, like this like started her train of problem at us. ISM was she were I made it up? He's harm 2020 problem mantises. So she has like got a Komodo dragon. She got like the infinity or something like that or she got like eight piercing. You wanna hear something crazy. Oh, yeah. I saw that where she got eight persons in one at once which is a horrible idea. It was like months later now and she was like guys like, I don't know what's wrong with my ears. show the camera was so crusty and she was like oh it smells so gross and was like smelling it and shit in the Jihad this weird like spray water aliens trying to get it like clean and she's like I'm just going to take him out fuck it and her and her friend were literally using pliers and ply erring them yeah out of her ear yeah is that I mean with something like a conch that's the only way you can get that's what I did but I was like holy and she was like in so much pain pain I was like oh my God yes it hurts stop like she was like I need to just get it out and if you don't about if you don't know what a conscious person is it's like the big ring that goes for like the thickest part of your ear yeah it's the second most painful your piercing you can get which candy firm hurt more than my first tattoo yeah the fish I'm gonna get a piercing shop and call it Duke stickier where Horrible, um, but yeah Gabby Hannah freaking out. So yeah, you take all your piercings on clean. Yeah, so I was taking them out and clean them I have to on my left ear and the other five are on my wasn't so on balance. I don't know cuz I'm gonna Mount this person I one of my legs is smaller than the other like one is shorter than the other content is just like Mama sit on top. Yeah bouncing myself out. So I took it out, but I couldn't get the ball bearing back in and I was looking up like how you Get it back in there like go to a piercer and I was like, I'm not gonna do that. So I just kind of like pinched it closed. So just like a ring without the ball bearing and but now I've kind of like get stuck sometimes we're like the little opening will like get stuck in the Christian part of my ears. So I have to like wiggle it around to it. That is so Gabby Hannah time shingo to him fucking pierce and holy shit. I will find I don't like how the little ball bearing looked. Anyways, I don't want it. I like this. This one but it's gonna be it's gonna be a little snaggletooth. You're like a little snack. I cannot if something was getting caught in my ear skin. Well, it's like I don't know once you start getting more piercings because like it wasn't like I'd had this my regular piercings and then I got a conch like I have a triple helix underneath it. So and I spend those all the time. Yes, I guess you are used to I was and I'm really Used to it yet. I've three tattoos and 7 ear piercings. No other bottling piercings. My sister has a nose piercing. Did I tell you that way? It's like here, right? Yeah. Yeah. I've seen it. What did she just get it or something? Yeah. So she didn't have the gas time. I was here. No everyone she kept saying like people who know her know her were like, did you have you always had that like for some reason is I kind of like I wait I'm just so confused. I genuinely thought she's always have fun. Mmm. Your sister definitely just has a face for a nose piercing. Yes. She is a very nice nose. That's fucking weird. Um, but yeah, I'm sure it looked better good. It does. It's really cute. I was a little worried because she has short hair so I was worried it would Like a lot for some reason but it looks really cute. I mean I can offer things can be a lot of you make them a lot or some people. Oh my God, I hate it when they like pierce it too far over and then like the morning is like she's so far out. Well, she just has so when you get majority of piercings, you have to get a stud first because otherwise if you get a ring first, it'll heal in and like a curve. Yeah, and then you can't change it. So she has a little stud right now and she was nervous. She wouldn't like that. But I think it's really cute. I think she should. Keep this done. I don't like it. But yeah, you get a little saline spray to like clean it out, but I was like cleaning the actual piercing. So I was like take when they cross teaching them. No, not really. Sometimes it gets a little crusty if I like pull on it wrong when I first got it done one time. I took a hoodie off and it got caught. Yeah because like when tattoos heal, it feels like a sunburn and then it like itches and then it's fine. But like with these it's like it feels like you're low fish in someone hooked you by your ear. it's like a constant like irritating like well, it's just like you get to a point where healing where like it's just kind of warm when you first get it and then like, you know when you touch it, it's gonna hurt a lot. Oh, okay, and it gets to a point where it's like you're not thinking about it unless you yank it and then it hurts like a bitch it was before but now you're probably like just like naturally aware like when you take shirts off right like I sleep different now because I always I didn't realize that I always slept on my right side. So now I like make a little pocket in between like your head. No like in between the like Ed and like the pillow so like my ear just kind of hangs out in outer space like doesn't touch anything because like it's not like it's completely heal but like if I push it further into my ear like it's not hard. Yeah, we can. Oh, yeah man Livy when I was here last weekend. We went to the Humane Society because so much fun. So and we're having a rough time last weekend. I was like, okay, we're gonna do a little nature animal self care and yes, we went to like a little nature walk. Thing and you guys know I'm allergic as fuck to animals, but I had I had cats in the past. I'd Russian Blues which are supposedly like High prom or hydraulic because they don't produce like that protein and every yeah, and I want to get another one possibly because so many one cats we went to the so first we went to this nature trail and we did this thing where like you just look for pretty like you don't pick anything but you look for like pretty like nature things on the ground. So we found like all of these pretty flowers and stuff and then like collected them and made You little thing and then it was like a beautiful day out there just being a little nature babies in the more light. You won't go play with Katya. Let's go to so we drove half an hour to go play with cats. Yeah, and I had a little bit of an asthma attack, but it was very worth it. There's there's this really big cat Ripley Ripley and he was just he was sad. Well, he wasn't it was your big wasn't fat if he was just dry normo. Yeah, and it wasn't like he was super fluffy. So like you could tell he was just a big boy. Yeah, he wasn't like a Maine Coon or anything where it's like they're fluffy and they're just her giant. He was just genuinely just big. He's just a big boy. He was probably like the whole size of like art or so, but yeah easily if you held him up, he was large man, and I loved him but he was like a light gray and he had like light green eyes, and he was just chilling and he had like the pointy like so yeah, he had a very pointy face. He was so cute. I loved him, but I was looking around because I'm moving into like an apartment with my boyfriend and five months, so July so I'll be able to get I'll be able to have all the fish tanks that I want and then little tiny puffer fish and and then also I want to get a cat because I just I miss having a little tiny warm fluffy animal. I had a cat when I was younger he lived until he was 19. I was just playing Romeo. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was Giant in Orange and had a crooked tail. He had Maine coon and him so he was also a huge but he was Fluffy Romeo. You'll have to show me a picture. I Will I have a picture of him somewhere? Um, but he used to love to lick potato chips. So he would make you hold a potato chip France. We could lick all the salt off and then he would eat it. I love that. I look so good everyone everyone who has a pet or like an animal. I just love hearing about the weird shit that there yeah, especially my current dog. Probably the weirdest dog. This is named Cisco. His name is Cisco. He's we adopted him from the Brevard Humane Society. We had so my whole life we've had died. Next we had a standard American ask you which is just like a long fluffy white dog. Long long wait, like body longer like hair long both just lump. Hence why I only felt long. Okay. Okay, um, and she was very chill like shouldn't really bark. She's kind of hung out. That's when I met right? No, that was Chloe. So after Maggie 9 you lived until she was 16. We got Chloe which kind of looked like you put Maggie in the dryer. So she was a miniature American Eskimo. And she was like a medium size dog. And then after she passed away, it was kind of sudden. She was also all of my animals have been rescues so you don't really know like any of their history, right? Well, she was a rescue from another home. This woman had a baby and the baby was allergic to Chloe saliva. So we got Chloe when she was five and she died when she was four teen maybe a little bit younger because Harley nine years. Yeah. So but my mom wasn't working at the time because she had health issues and my dad and I were always at school. My dad is a teacher at the high school that we went to so she was just kind of alone in the house all the time, but that bird but bird is not very social sweet peas sweet there Peter. So my dad and I were like, okay we have to get a dog and he found Cisco online. His name was Mario at the time Mario. I didn't know that you didn't well the They named him Mario's. That was the name of the guy that brought him in. Oh, that's such a band name for a fuck. I know it. We were like I got my dog. His name is Mario, especially like if it was like a sorry anyone's dog's name is Mario but like a fat like Bulldog, it would be funny. Like if it looked Italian than like yeah, but he has the word Australian in his name. Yeah, so like does not fit. they my you named him after the grease replacement yes so that's Crisco oh we named him after the restaurant supply company owns a restaurant supply company Nicole this is okay um my dad and I went to go see him and he had at the time giant ears and they thought he was three when we got him a couple years later we find out he was just then like to so he was a puppy when we got him so You was cracked out for a war. He would just like I would come over and like he was just not he's just nervous but like just angry nervous. Yeah, like and he doesn't bark he scream. Yeah, it's screaming like it's screaming. It's like I he just goes wow, like it's so much and you can jump really hot. He's a herding dog. So he's very strong. He's smarter than his own good, but he's also incredibly stupid like you disaster. Stupid face smarter than his men. He's on good but he's also incredibly so like he's smart enough to get himself in trouble. But also just dumb like he falls off the couch a lot like just get to me guys around and screams. Like he doesn't have a tail and like a screaming worm like yeah like you were playing with him today in the living room and I just heard this screaming and I was just like Reams he growls like he's going to kill you when he plays a gent. It sounds like a man screaming. I get genuine ghost. It's imagine that like funny 10 times deeper and like Extremely Loud, but he's also small like he's a medium dog. He so he's not like husky sized or anything and he just screams like a terrifying man. It's like how like Kermit if you know like Jenna Marbles cries, like Cisco probably has like that level of nervous, but he just screams. He's like lust anger. Yeah plus anger. He's He's just so but he also is a cuddle bug like hill climb into bed with me and like curl up against my back and just like chill out. Yeah, like he thinks I'm his puppy. So if I'm sick, I will come and like lick my nose because he's like your nose is dry not supposed to I like he's very sweet and he's very smooth sauce. And do I have a picture? I'm going to show Emily of my boyfriend. Yeah, your boyfriend my boyfriend holding. This is go like a baby and Sisk is licking his nose, which is really big character development because like when you guys first got this go oh my God you know you sent me that it's so funny that they're being so cute um but yeah he used to not not that he would like hated people he was just like I don't know if he didn't like step all over you and lick your face and stick his nose in your ear and then run away like he was just had too much energy to cuddle yeah and now he loves to sleep on top of my dad my dad would come home and fall asleep on the couch and then says go we'll sit down him and sleep it's really it's so cool like I'm glad I've got to see him kind of like evolved chill out a little bit because I used to be not like scared of him but I'm just like I don't want to freak him out so I would just like slow Movement Like if you do if it can't see you you can't see it yeah like don't come up at it from behind like yeah but then today I was like the first time I actually pet him yeah and it was chill and he just like he doesn't have a tail because he's so he's an Australian Cattle Dog but he's mixed with Corgi so he has a little Corgi but so he has a naturally like bobtail yeah but he has too much excitement for that tiny tail so he Wiggles his whole but yeah I think you just stole a body that's like Wiggles and he's screaming it's so chaotic and that's him chilled out like a couple of years ago it was just screaming and running and biting and slobbering and jumping and jumping he can jump really high like he can jump up to your face yeah it was it was a little it was a little nerve-racking I got times but I was like just don't don't be nervous he's also a very like emotionally intuitive so like if you're free if doubt he's like why are we freaked out should I be freaked out yeah he's like wait so we're freaking out so I'm freaking out guys were freaking out right were freaking out okay I wrote this in my notes to talk about on this podcast uh-huh um I don't know why I wrote this but why I said why the fuck are macaroons so expensive okay I don't know why so I don't know what I had that thought and why I needed to speak on it on this podcast okay here's why it's a very delicate process I'll Faso oh no I have a guy had a nice conversation with awesome the other day he had the same question yes genuinely I the people need to know so I did a $5 for a macaroon the first of all the hype second of all um they got like Barry hyped up and like trendy obviously inflation I worked at a job where I did a lot of cooking and baking for a while so I like cooking baking at home too and I like watching content around it just because enjoyable macaroons are so much work it's like you have to make a meringue which like you have to whip egg whites and sugar and then if you have like an egg white from two eggs it can take up an entire mixing bowl if you whip it enough but then that are is really easy to deflate so you have to sift almond flour into it and all the flavorings but if you mix it too much then it will deflate in the cookie won't come out right it would be like to fly that or whatever it'll be too flat and I'll just be like crispy and weird but if you don't mix it enough then like the flavoring won't mix in and the color won't make thin so you have to pipe them into perfect little circles proof them on the counters like a fuck what proofing is something you do with bread so it allows yeast to develop but you leave them on the counter so that the flower can hydrate more and then they develop a skin on the surface I know is this is why they're so excited because it's so much they are develop a skin I don't want to make a rune if it does Smith skin um I mean yeah so it develops a skin so that it can rise properly Only because if it doesn't it'll just get wide instead of tall and then here's the kicker they have to go into like a really low heat oven for like two hours and then you can't open the oven door until the oven is cool down completely. Well, I like collapse or something. Yeah, so it'll collapse that cookie. You're pretty much dehydrating them almost so it gets that nice like Crispy Crunchy because they are pretty moist. Yeah, so they're like moist and delicate but also like Chris they have that like Ian like this. Skin on the outside the skin. Um, so I've never heard a pastry have a skin. Yeah on it like a thing. Alright. Well, I'm so that's why they're so expensive long story short. It's because it's a very intensive. Yeah, that's like what like to make one revenuers boy cookie that you can eat in one bite. Yeah. It's like four hours for one batch of and that's just the cookie. That's not even the icing like the icing is a simple process but still you also have to do that so so many dishes so many angry make it like a time like realistically in like a tie like like at a time um gee make B it like be able to make like a standard like oven she I mean if you were making them at home probably like I don't know it depends on how big your kitchen is and like how many how many jamming like crave or whatever I didn't make them oh no ma'am I wasn't a cook it like crap I was just a waitress I've just like I've never made them because it scares me oh but you've like seeing people I like to wait yeah so in like an industrial kitchen and you could probably make like 50 in one batch because you have a big enough mixing bowl and but there's no way to like cut down the time like you have oh no absolutely not um and that's how many trays can fit in the oven so I would say probably you could make 20 at home that in four hours that's so that would be piping out 40 circles that are the same size is so they can sandwich together yeah and then making the icing as well so this is for hours just to make the cookies not including icing and assembly so it's probably five hours well there's your answer be there's your answer why macaroons are so fucking expensive currents are expensive because pain Jesus I did not know any of that I thought it was just I figured that making the cookie was probably also like they always have a million flavors yeah you have some Eco think 20 cookies for hours per slave labor well you can probably do multiple flavors at once but also those flavors are expensive like Jesus getting the right die to get the saturated colors because you know is always blue vanilla always blue why don't why is that why is it vanilla just like point because it's because there's coconut right and come yeah that would make sense if you could make it like spending Ellen colored we have with a little vanilla bean I don't know colors and food you know how the Speckles come from that wasn't a sentence dude do you know the Speckles come from macaroons from like vanilla bean like you know how there's little black Speckles and lays in my life like the bean know so like to eat it's like yeah so you double paste on the inside you scrape it in my you scrape bumps and then it's a little like being bits you know how the Speckles come from oh yeah the Speckles see the problem is usually when I say things like that you know what I mean that one was just I didn't know what we were talking about Holy Ground oh God we were recording for what an hour and eight minutes and 31 32 all right so I don't know is there anything else that you want to say or taco Rona Cats macaroons know I think that high school high school. But yeah, you guys I guess thanks. I'll let me crack out on your podcast. There's been trees whistling trees be like there's a cat that lives under my house. Yeah, you told me that you said they're awesome and a raccoon. They all live together under my house. That's like some what's that story would like the frogs and they like Frog and Toad and they were suits or yeah, it's called Frog and Toad. Yeah. Frog and Toad wear suits. Yes us can we name this podcast Frog and Toad and people won't get it unless they listen to this various ways through they'll be like what I love do podcasts I listened the whole thing why was it called frog and then I'll be able to call them out and be like you were saying fucking man anyway you know this has been soaked I'm featuring Levi wow my best witchy friend wow yeah I hope you guys enjoyed or we hope you guys enjoy yeah and if you want to see Livi again on here let me know and if you don't let that's fine if you're like Paul see myself out he's never again this girl anywhere near this podcast just let me know it but very late at night it's 11 it's 11 18 yeah oh yeah anyway I hope everyone has a good and safe spring break and I'll probably don't do too many eggs don't take drugs from people you don't know also if anyone's coughing within a 10-foot radius of you get the fuck out of there I could month long shower it least drink peroxide right all right this is Ben's look time I'll catch you on the flip side bye