Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three or five there will be many who test positive and people have started. Stockpiling food hand sanitizer face masks yet in the face of all the worry and panic President Trump is saying calm down because of all we've done the risk to the American people remains very low. When we did out episode back in January things were pretty different since then. It seems that the virus has taken hold in the u.s. Now that we've finally testing more and more people. It's expected that even more cases will come through also just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying it's killing three point four percent of people who get it worldwide and there were reports that 40 to 70 percent of adults around. On the world will get infected today on the show. We're going to take you inside these numbers to tell you how much you can trust them. And just how worried you should be to start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So, my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm an infectious disease epidemiologist city of works for the National Institutes of Health and as an epidemiologist, she's tracked a lot of scary diseases just a few years ago. Does he count break the the few years before that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa 20 years ago the SARS outbreak. It's a testament to my age. But yes, I was present for all of this. The first thing we want to talk about is the fatality rate of this coronavirus the World Health Organization just said that worldwide. It's three point four percent which would be a lot worse than say the seasonal flu, but the thing is the fatality rate of this coronavirus so far. It's really different. Different countries which Cecile says is a clue to how this might go you have to realize that most of those differences are driven by different season surveillance. So some countries capture only the very very severe cases and primarily deaths for instance Iran while other countries test a lot more for covid and so they find a larger spectrum of cases. And so there is estimate of case fatality rate is lower. Right? So if you're just testing the people who are are severely ill and have a higher chance of dying and the fatality rate is obviously going to be higher than if you're suggesting anyone who perhaps has mild symptoms. Exactly and that's what people are still struggling with now to try to get a good handle on exactly what the severity of this Burg is. So for example in China where the virus has been infecting people for months and surveillance has ramped up. So they're catching people with milder illnesses studies are coming out estimating the fatality rate. Eight is lower than 3% yesso estimates are still a little unclear. But we think it's around 0.72 maybe up to 2% 0.72 2% and this suggests that these initial figures from the World Health Organization. They may keep going down as we get better data as there's more testing as we start capturing more and more cases especially mild ones for now Cecile told us that this 3.4. Percent it's an incredibly rough estimate. Okay. So next question who is most at risk of dying if they get coronavirus while adults of all ages have died. This is especially risky for older people those in their 70s and 80s as well as people who are already sick with things like heart disease and diabetes and something else rather odd is cropping up in the data one law studies are also surprisingly. Suggesting that being a male is also a risk factor for severe disease and that's not entirely clear why it's a 50/50 gender breakdown for the risk of being a case. It's just the fatality risk that's higher in mail. So that's still being investigated what new research is telling us though. Is that for most people if they get infected? This virus won't be too dangerous last week. China's government published a big report. It looked at more than 40,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus and they found that 80% of them were what they called mild a mild case would be so you're coughing you're sneezing. Maybe you have fever some people in that mild category also had pneumonia that cleared up without too much trouble. So 80% with mild ish cases the rest though. They ended up being quite sick and 5% were in critical condition. So those are some of the best numbers we have right now, but research is starting to suggest that these figures could change quite a bit and that's because even though we are getting better data from people with milder symptoms. What's still not properly captured here is people that barely have any symptoms at all. It is it is conceivable that there is a large Iceberg a very mild patient that we haven't really seen yet and been able to test and when and when we do it If we do then the case fatality rate could decrease a lot. It's also possible that there are people who will get this coronavirus and never have any symptoms at all. So for example, a curious case report was recently published a healthy 20 year old woman living in Wuhan traveled to a different city in China to meet some family a few days later five of her family members were sick. They were infected with coronavirus. She tested positive. She had the virus but a month later. She still hadn't shown any symptoms. It's early days. That's just one woman. We are waiting for more studies on this and amidst all these unknowns though. One thing we do know is that people can spread this virus early on in their infection producer Rose Rambler and I talked to Cecile about it. I guess if I was like rating the scariness of a virus the idea that it could spread and infect more people early on before people really realize they're sick. Make a virus more scary to me. How do you feel about it? Yes, that's right. It's a virus that's more difficult to control and it feels like it's spread to other countries fairly quickly. Is it inevitable that more and more countries are going to see widespread infections. Yes, I think more and more countries will see infections more and more countries and while seal doesn't sound particularly stressed others are raising the alarm Bells because things look pretty different now. Now than what they did a few weeks ago in January the US had just a handful of cases in people who had visited China. In fact, there was only one case of a person giving the virus to someone else in the US but now scientists are seeing people infected that seem to have no connection to China or countries with other big outbreaks and that suggests that people are walking around in the u.s. Infected with this virus and spreading it around this is exactly Experts were worried would happen and now it looks like it's here several people in the US have already died. And this raises a huge question. How bad is this gonna get how far will this virus spread? Well, there's some big and scary numbers that are making the rounds 40 to 70 percent of the world's adult population could be infected to 70% of the world's population likely to Be infected this year what experts predicted the 40 to 70 percent of the world's population will be infected within the next year. Yeah, it felt like this figure was everywhere was in the Wall Street Journal the Atlantic CB. Yes. It was reported in Israel in New Zealand in Taiwan and the expert who came up with it is Harvard epidemiologist Mark lips each. Hello. Hello. Is this Mark? Yes, we got you. This is Wendy. Yes, if you're a tough man to find. Yeah crazy right now mock is a professional disease tracker and he told us that we've just a little bit of information he can predict how big an epidemic will get. I've been doing this for long enough that I can tell you that a reasonable guess at the size of the epidemic that it would cause without thinking very hard because that's you know, that's one of the things that I'm good at. Fun fun at a cocktail party. I imagine. Yeah, when Settlers of Catan is finished, right? So here's how Mark plays pandemic and how we came up with that 40 to 70 percent figure. The best thing he needs is called the reproduction number of the virus. You may remember this from our last episode. It's kind of like the estimate of the viruses contagiousness. So in this model Mark figured that the reproduction number for the coronavirus was 2.2. To which meant that if they Mark got infected on average I one facts a two point two people. That's a one of the popular numbers. It's going around then he plugs that number into an equation that's used by lots of researchers in the land of pandemic modeling and it describes theoretically how many people would have to be infected before the virus can't infect anyone else kind of runs out of steam now this model by the way, it only looks at infections in adults and that's because we don't Have numbers on how many kids are infected mostly because kids aren't getting really sick from this virus from what we know. So Mark takes that estimate and then it tweaks it based on what we know from real life pandemics like the Spanish Flu in 1918, which killed millions of people but he looks at other pandemics to less famous pandemics of 1967 and 1968 and 2009. So Mark did all of this modeling and voila. He landed at his estimate that 40 to 70 percent of adults around the world could get infected with this coronavirus. And while this seems really surprising to mark it made sense because from what we know about brand new viruses like this coronavirus if they hit a population that has no immunity to it. That means everyone is susceptible. And so then so with this 40 to 70 percent figure, so that means I have a good chance of getting this. Yes, yes, we all of us over 20 folk have a pretty good chance of getting in. Okay, so that might sound really scary but there are a few things you have to know about these numbers. The first is that they include people who get the virus without having scary symptoms or possibly people who have no symptoms at all. So the 40 to 70% is an infection number not a not a sick or dead nun. Brr, and now the issue that number that Mark relies on to give his estimate the reproduction number it's changing as we getting different data in some last-minute fact-checking Mark told us that it's actually creeping downward which now means that he's estimating that 20 to 60% of adults will get infected. So this isn't an ironclad calculation here. It's an estimate that Mark first did for the Wall Street Journal. This was not a formal. First this was a journalist asking. What do you think? We're not at a point where anybody can give an answer that is based on firm assumptions and firm conclusions. We just don't know the numbers. We reached out to a bunch of epidemiologists about it some agreed that mocks estimate was possible. Some said it was more like an educated guess and others like Cecile thought it was more like a worst-case scenario. Yes. Yes. That's that's a good term for it and the big reason that Cecile think This is because those high-end figures 60 to 70% getting infected. They don't take into account the control measures that a place like the United States might take in preventing the virus things like telling people to stay at home if they're sick getting people to work from home or even closing schools. I think most countries the large majority of countries will put interventions in place so that you know, we won't see 40 to 70% The truth is that we don't know how bad this will get. There's just too many unknowns here. But even if it doesn't get so bad that's a half of us are infected things may get worse in the US before they get better. And what do you think would have to change for the situation in the u.s. To get quite scary? So, you know, I think if hospitals start to be desert, it starts to be an influx of really sick patients in the hospital that they can't cope with. And so what if it does get really bad this coronavirus starts spreading through the community hospital start getting overwhelmed. We're told not to go to work a press briefing from the CDC last week said that quote disruption to everyday life may be severe. So what would that actually be? Like now for this we don't need a model we can go to the place that's been hit hardest by this virus a place where people are living through. They severe disruptions. And that's coming out after the break. Welcome back. So experts say that we're likely to see more and more cases of this coronavirus in the US and some people will get really sick. That'll be especially scary. If you're older or have existing health problems on top of that though. A lot of us could be told to stay at home and to avoid public places that'll be to keep the virus from spreading. So we wanted to know what's it like to live like that. And yeah, hi. Good morning Molly. This is Chan. She asked us to call her by her last name or Helena God Jackie Chan Me and Jackie Chan have the same. Last name. Jan is an electrical engineer who lives in Wuhan in an apartment with their parents when the virus really started spreading in January. Everyone was told to stay home. So she's been at her parents place ever since basically in quarantine Center. Sickly work from home if I need to do any shopping I do online shopping and then I go downstairs and I pick things up and went to college. I still gotta go out. Sometimes though. For example, I went out to walk my dog and when you go outside, what are you doing that's different now than before. Hmm, that's odd notion that just so everyone is pretty careful. And when I go outside, we all try to keep our A distance from each other when we come home. We use alcohol to disinfect so it's I'm okay. Okay, how many people have you seen in the last month including a family and friends? Like how many people have you spoken to and you know how to laugh way of in the last month Meandering me Anthony's on seeing my face to face. Yeah - man. Do me in guy puts her go good. Probably no more than five. My parents and then the people who are getting the groceries. Wow. OMG, that's a little high holler. We're okay. We're okay. It's just my dad loves to work and he can't go outside and he also can't work from home. So he's probably really bored. How do you and entertain yourself slow going to look to Whitehall aside from working? I watch TV shows and movies and also makes Desserts, what's the most extravagant dessert you've made while in quarantine in Neil Martin shangguan Nikka Satsuma. Have you heard of shot him? Ah, no, it's like fried rice flour. It tastes very good. Jen told us that for some people in Wuhan things are harder some have to go to work and obviously for those who have been infected and hospitalized. It's really different. And do you know anyone who's gotten sick or judge? It is? Yeah so directly around me the people who are close to me are healthy, but I definitely hear people say this person or that person has been infected and because I watch the news it's still scary because infection rate seems to be quite high and while some in China like Chan who aren't infected sitting tight and waiting for this to be over. Is on the front lines the doctors have been throwing everything they have at this coronavirus. Most experts are saying that a publicly available vaccine is still at least a year away just takes time to make sure that it's safe. So in the meantime scientists have started scores of clinical trials to find the best treatment for really sick people there trying antivirals traditional Chinese medicine and even fecal transplants. So he's any of it working. Well one antiviral called REM de Sevilla can kill coronavirus in a Petri dish a clinical trial with the NIH is currently underway a drug used for malaria is also showing quite a lot of Promise in China, but probably the most surprising thing that we came across his research into this Kinder Infamous drug called the lid amide. Yeah. This is the drug that was used to help with morning sickness in the 1950s, but ended up causing birth. Defects in babies well researchers at when Joe Medical University recently announced that 10 really sit coronavirus patients. Got a lot better after given thalidomide along with other standard treatments and they've just started a clinical trial. How on Earth could it work? Well, we know that one of the things that happens in severe cases is that our immune system can go nuts. So and this can damage our organs both the lid amide and that anti-malarial drug. They might damp down that immune response. We asked the seal from the NIH about this. Oh, I think we have to keep an open mind, right? It's a new virus that I mean drugs that we didn't necessarily think could have an effect could very well have an effect. As long as you can prove it through, you know regular randomized controlled trials. So even though we don't have a slam-dunk treatment yet. If this gets bigger in the US, which at this point seems likely at least we won't be starting from scratch. You know, where do you think of this is on the scary scale? I think it's concerning. Yeah, I don't have a you know, quantitative scale of scariness. It's a little difficult to scientist responses. Let me give you the scale ten is zero is doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo. Where you at now? I think maybe I'm on a seven. What a 747 mean. What are the to you? A7 means that I am I keep watching the news I think it's good to be prepared. Have you have you started you know buying up the chickpeas the cans of chickpeas or just a little bit just enough for a week? So, you know, not not anything really scary and I don't think anyone should buy the entire store Cecile says that a big reason she's buying this stuff is because if she does get sick, she doesn't want to have to run off to the store and possibly infected. With others and this advice to have some stuff at home. It's in line with other recommendations that we're hearing. They're also saying that if you're on meds try to get some extra if you can and if the virus does hit your area and you're older or already have a chronic illness, you may need to take extra care when it comes to wearing masks. Well for people who are infected they should be wearing masks. But if you're healthy the research is Pretty mixed about whether it'll do anything. So this virus it can be scary and the situation might get worse but there's no need to freak out we can prepare for this plus freaking out. It's not an effective antiviral anyway, but you know, what you can do is you can wash your hands properly. We told you about this last time and that advice has not changed and you need to lather up for a while for at least 20 seconds according to the CDC. Is way longer than most of us normally do and so to help wash our hands our sound engineer Peter Leonard actually came up with a song we know this is a serious situation, but just maybe this little ditty will help you wash your hands that's science versus now. When do you ever tell you how to wash your hands in just the right way to CDC commands first turn on the tap and stick your hands under than turn the tap off. You don't wanna waste water soap up and don't skimp. That's your weapon. Then you got to scrub your hands for at least 20 seconds. You need some help. Let me show you how 20 seconds Starts Now. But the battle is not yet one, but two hands well and don't forget turns transferred when your hands are wet. So dry off your hands reduce the threat see 20 seconds. It's longer than you think if you just want to hear that song, you know while you're washing your hands will link to it in our show notes. And as always you can also find this episode's transcript with all of our citations right there as well in our show notes. This episode was produced by Michelle. Dang me Wendy's Aukerman Marilyn Horne and Rose Ram Lau where edited by Blythe Tyrell with editing help from Caitlin Kenny back checking help from Michelle Harris mix and sound design by Peter Leonard music written by Peter Leonard, Emma manga and Bobby Lord translation by Lisa Wang a big thanks to all the researchers. We got in touch with for this episode including dr. Catherine Palace. Dr. Miriam, Havilland. Matthew armor K. Dr. Jason MccLellan Daniel wrap Professor William Arthur poetry Professor Lee Min Professor Zhao coonley and Professor Rainer McIntyre and a special thanks to the zukerman family and Joseph Lavelle Wilson. I'm Wendy Zuckerman back to next time.