Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent.Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming investors. Though this only cause the Panic to get worse sending the Dow down from its high point which was up about one and a half percent down more than three percent. Now as we head towards the market closed ASX Futures have dropped indication that we are likely to sink on the open as well prime minister Scott Morrison urged the bank's. Yes, they to pass on the raid cut early in the day and he said that a stimulus package is in the works. The treasury Department's in the statement released by the Rea yesterday. They did say that they are watching house prices as they don't want them increasing too rapidly for this reason. Most economists are expecting the stimulus package to be focused mainly on business Investments rather than on consumer spending ahead today. We do have the fourth quarter GDP as well as results from these super Tuesday presidential primaries. Over in the US. That's all we have for today. Thank you for listening. I'll be back tomorrow with another episode. Hey guys, so I just wanted to let you know about anchor that is the service that I use to publish this podcast. It makes everything super easy about publishing podcasts and it's completely free. They are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right in your browser or on your phone and then anchor distributed everywhere for you so you don't have to worry about submitting it to All the different podcast platforms and then you get the links to share with your listeners as well. And then on top of that you can also make money on your podcast and you don't have to worry about having a minimum amount of listeners or subscribers or anything like that. So if you do want to make your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started if you are on the lookout for a A new podcast app the best option in my opinion is Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts all in one place and for free Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow all of your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode if you're a premium user you can download the episodes so you can listen to them offline and you can easily share it. Listen to with your friends on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Australian Market briefing or just ASX on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Australian Market briefing. Hey guys, thank you for listening to that episode of Australian Market briefing just to let you know about the other podcasts I do which is called business as usual. I do it with my friend Matt Brewers from the millennial investor YouTube channel Henry get together every week and have a discussion about was what is going on in the market in a bit of a longer form that I do on this podcast, and we also have some discussions about how we like to act on the information and use that happens. So we Also check us out. You'll find it on any podcasting platform just search for business as usual. Our thumbnail is a little blue square and it has a City Silhouette in the background. Thank you.