Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 ofTo this is the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to just give you a narrated version of an excellent television show so you don't have to have your screen on and also, you know listening to other office podcasts. I always Hear the details. And so this is literally just something so nonsense for you to fall asleep to and hopefully my voice doesn't annoy you so that you can find some comfort in it and fall asleep. I want to make sure everybody's safe. No wired headphones wireless headphones are preferred or a small speaker if you're alone. So if you're traveling if you're just alone or just want something calm to fall asleep to that is my goal here with the podcast going to be about Five minutes and I want to make sure everybody has their sleep timer set so that you know at the end of the episode whether you're listening on Spotify or you know, the Apple podcast app overcast Pocket Casts Google play, whatever whenever you are podcast of choice is then you're going to make sure that sleep timer is set so you don't, you know blow through all the rest of your podcasts here. When you get into the episode this secret, and I guess you could read the episode description here. We all know the office. It's not like there's any spoilers. Well, Michael slips some slime references about Pam as conversations with Jim Jim quickly tries to do damage control to make sure no one else in the office finds out about us crush on Pam. So let's get the episode started here with our cold open get Jim and Pam talking at Pam's desk. Michael wants to know where the funniest. Up dog. Is it me or smell like updog in here? What's up dog? You know, it's funny is this up dog thing is like really gonna run on Tick-Tock right now. So I only took what 14 years to come back around. Maybe we'll start saying was that happen again? So Michaels now going around the office trying to get me more this to ask him. What up dog is And then we can't he tries a Stanley ryankevin. And now he's going to try Dwight. He gets Dwight, but he just has got you instead of saying. up dog How are you doing? I'll try guess. This isn't you left the episode right after Dwight had his concussion. So he's looking good after a stay in the hospital. Jim just give us a little a so closed now. We got our theme song I should know. What instrument this is. Is it a is it an accordion? Is it a talk box? Not a talk box. It's got to be an accordion, right? All right, making a note to Google that once I finish the episode here so I can mention it in the next episode that I record. We had that whole crew throwing things away and recycling spring cleaning. He says if you do a spring cleaning in January, guess what you don't do in the spring. Anything a cluttered desk through the clutter in mind. An empty desk is an empty mind according to Dwayne. Dwight is assigning everybody different tasks Meredith has to replace a urinal cakes. Where is Oscar? He's out sick. There's like a real connection moment here between Dwight and Angela. Kevin observes it. What are you guys doing? And Dwight comes into Michael's office. Saying you know Oscars out sick. That's interesting. I thought the first I forgot you get an early with that Oscar is gay in this episode. And then it's like a major plot point of the opening of season 3. Is it a great scene here? We have Michael and Dwight sitting behind the desk talking to Oscar. He says, you know really sick and Michael Michael says he they could use some of that Hispanic cleaning attic. Dwight is Googling his symptoms. It checks out. Dwayne doesn't believe him Ryan is just sitting on the floor in his office. No, I never noticed just how much the decor in Michaels office changes even just within Seasons. Like there's a major change between season one and season two and the furniture but you know photos are on the side and that kind of stuff all changes. And now we're back out and reception. We get Pam talking to Kelly talking about her her hair her dress for the wedding. My horse has a Mikey likey. that her hair is much sexier that way and Michael says to gym as much beat or sure this must be torture for you. And now we have Jim trying to cover up his feelings for I am and how he feels. Michael feels the need to address it with Michael. Close the door. and says that was a personal Secret. Michael Michael is shocked that Jim and I are great friends. I hang out all the time mostly at work. This is a this is a good Michael scene. This is why I intend to keep the secret for as long as I possibly can. I think Jim closes the door and realizes this is not going to go very well. The wine is saying is telling Ryan now that he's conducting an investigation. Can you handle spring cleaning? And Dwight is not impressed by his response. Now we have Michael and Jim. back in the vending machines to catch the game last night any of them. and then Stanley comes in and Jim says did you get is there any update on the P situation? And that's just okay. So Jim's main thing to this comes up and multiple birth. And you know multiple places is he always drinks grape soda. And a ham sandwich and Michael just hits the peach iced tea button. Stanley Dwight is now calling Oscar and saying oh you didn't answer the phone when I called six minutes ago. You're too sick to go to work, but well enough to go to the pharmacy. Doing is now explaining how you can tell if there are if someone's lying. And all of the signals that he knows of how to identify a liar. He could not tell over the phone. now we got Michael carrying a grape soda, which is How you know they had that exchange before Michael sorting paper and files. Dwight recognizes that he never drinks gravy soda fact Jim and I talk all the time. We tell each other secrets. And Jim plays really well into Dwight's ego here and stick some of the Post-it note. Michael's face, right Michael's face right there the smile. He's like in on the joke. and and then Michael says to him I says no and then papers in that again That was something else. Jim ham and cheese sandwich in the break room. Michael puts his foot on his desk. Once a treat him to lunch. And Michael offers to spread out a blanket in the break room. Talk about you know who Michael and Jim panics and says, hey, let's go out for lunch. And now they're at Hooters Hooters still around. I don't know who goes to Hooters. I'm not going to go that later. I really don't care. Michael comes a Hooters for the boobs and the hot wings it seems like in the me to era Hooters should not exist. But then again, we're also an America where nothing makes sense. And also Michael suggest that he shoulder milk, of course. Michael says her brother. The nun gym or is a ham and cheese sandwich at Hooters. How I want to know what you get if you order a ham and cheese sandwich at Hooters. Maybe I don't think there's a Hooters near me. My quarters the gourmet hot dog, since the second restaurant chilies and Hooters the two restaurants so far. And the office I don't think they go to that many. They go the rest of the Italian restaurant like a late and what is that season eight, maybe season seven eight and time when I can't think of any other restaurant scenes in the office. I'm going to be proven wrong because I go through the series though. Dwight scarfing down all the jelly beans now. We got Michael probing with Jim on what he likes about Pam. and Jim Jim says, you know, I like her sense of humor. She's really fun. Michael says his her favorite thing his favorite thing about payments are boobs. And Jim is like nope, not knowing talked about. Now they're singing happy birthday, and he's wearing the apron. wonderful shot in a real Hooters It looks as real as the Chili's did but the Chili's was not a real chilies fun fact here. now we have everybody comes back from lunch. Oh, they're okay. Benihana is another restaurant and then there's another restaurant when Pam and Jim are fighting. I don't know they shoot scenes in the restaurant. But this that scene right there remind me a lot of they come in. And Jim brings her Tiramisu, and she throws it right away. And now we have Ryan the back and he says, you know, if I had to clean out this desk in five seconds, no one would ever know and I had been here. You can just disappear. Now I have Michael putting his hair down. Don't want to know if it's a wig. I wear it like that sometimes. Angela takes offense to Michael trying to expensive Hooters lunch. He says, you know, I just took I just had your corporate card giving back to it. It's because he's been $80 at a magic shop. And it was business related. I put a cigarette throw a quarter. Jim needed a relaxing lunch. She's been depressed. and until we arguing that he's okay. Kelly Kelly overhears Michael spilling the secret and that's of course. And now he had Angela and Phyllis. in the kitchen and just everybody's talking about Everyone's talking about the secret they got out. Kevin evans's who would you know, would you pick Pam and Crete said which one is Pam and the look on Kevin's face of like are you serious, dude? Now we have Dwight outside of oscars House camping it out. Saying that you know, he's done this before he staked out a girlfriend's house and find a found out. She was cheating. And now we have Kelly. Attacking Jim out of the bathroom. Why didn't you tell me you had a crush on Pam? Now I don't have a crush on Pam. Yeah, she walks by. Kevin says nice. I wonder this I mean so far the shows aged well after 14 years, but yeah. Now we have Jim and Pam in the kitchen talking about the things they found in their desk and Jim tries to address the elephant in the room. That's a phrase It's frequently in the office. And Jim tells her that he told Michael that he had a crush on her. While they were on the booze cruise, but Jim's save is like, oh, yeah. It was when you first started here a long time ago. and and Pam looks kind of surprised but although kind of happy but suppressing it. And when I found out you were engaged. I kind of thought you did. Mmm. well I'm going to be totally awkward around me now. Pam's the best except for season nine Pam. I don't know what was going on with season 9 Pam. They do like really capture the like awkward teenage Crush stuff right here. I think that's why it's been so enduring human motion. Now we get Dwight back at Oscars house. And Oscar goes back. Look at that a Saturn Ion. That's a real Relic. They come out with shopping bags Oscar fixes guys Gil right kills hair. And then he pulls dramat out. I just kind of pulls in gently. You are so busted Oscar. ice skates shopping bags Okay lets you know, who is this? Are you going to tell Michael? In exchange for not telling Michael you owe me one great big giant favor. Redeemable at the time and place of my choosing and is a good thing because it shows Oscar watching TV with Gil. In the house and and Dwight is just proud that he proved he wasn't sick. And now Dwight has Leverage. over Oscar course and we got Jim coming in to talk to Michael. What happened, man? And Michael blame is Toby, of course. Jim I mean Jim looks genuinely upset That the word got out but Michaels really broken up about it. So then Jim comes around. Yeah. listen It's not a big deal. Going to be fine. Michael very clearly upset. Michael hugs his crotch menu book Ryan checking in on Creed this is before Creed was completely whacko weird now. We have Pam talking to Michael. And Michael tries to save him save Pam I guess. And he he like was it it wasn't that long ago. It was on the booze cruise. And now he doesn't know. and Pam contemplating that information awkward Michael now brags about how good of a Secret Keeper he is or how trusted he is to keep secrets. And keeping secrets can only lead to trouble. Portrait of a prostitute more secrets of a Call Girl With The Cinematic episode that he was watching. and I don't here's want to work at a bordello Malibu. I think he's wearing a lot of concealer at that lady's eyes are really bright underneath there. I keep noticing how many guys are wearing how many more guys are wearing concealer makeup and that sort of thing. Well, that is the secret episode 13 the next one. We have up here beside the 14 is the carpet. I don't know why I feel like I've watched that one so many more times than others, but Acquire weren't chugging chugging our way right through season two, very good. So hope that everyone's rest in sleep. That's just been a from Scranton. PA has been a great Scott production.