Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't want it and I don't need it stress in my life. Now. I want to be clear about something. I really appreciate admire and chair. - gratitude in general. I just think that in the year of Our Lord 2020. There are a lot of other ways to show it to each other and that the idea of the social reciprocity and the anxiety that that Fosters and all of us collectively to take the time to secure stationary write out a letter by hand that I guarantee you. No one on the receiving end is going to be able to read. Oh, come on split. Maybe that's just a commentary my own handwriting actually how I feel. I don't know your hand. He looks like and I've been like sitting guess for you and professional settings or seven years. Thank you note for me. And you never will Juliet. You never will and guess who else hasn't anyone who have your wedding really tell you myself here attended my wedding much to my mother's Eternal embarrassment and Chagrin, but who has the time the people who are out my wedding we're at my wedding because I love them and I think that they know that I love them and I'm in grade and I'm grateful for them. I support this and let me just say right off the back that I Received a handwritten. Thank you note from Juliet lemon that actually made me cry because it was so moving. So I feel absolutely terrible. I'm staring right at the first in who who who I love and who has shown me the heights of this form. I could not feel stronger about how wonderful handwritten thank-you notes honor is and I want to say everything about to say doesn't apply to the lovely handwritten note that Juliet said me which I saved but I just my thing about a handwritten note, is that it perpetuates. It's this cycle of obligation Amanda you invite someone and then someone says thank you and then you got to respond to their thing and back and forth and it just goes on and on and I really feel like every time I get a thank you note. I feel like they're really Sama station Kanye West tweet about being on a plane and falling asleep. And then there's a water bottle on his tray and he's like now I got to be responsible for this water bottle and I'm like now I gotta be responsible for this emotion its back on my court and I Have to be like thank you for being grateful, you know, and I just where does it end? That's what you call the social contract. Okay, I have to Julia. Thank you crying. I knew Craig would be on your side. Yeah, if we were to have the Finer Things Club here at the ringer Craig and I would both be an absolute as as the grandson of John mellinger the picture of Midwestern Grace my grandmother who taught me you always write a thank you note. I will take to migrate by the way. Mom if you're listening Eating my Christmas. Thank you. Notes are very tardy. I'm sorry. But yeah in a world of ephemerality in a world of you know, digital bop. Bop bop. We're going when I get something in the mail with a postage stamp in a handwritten address and somebody is actually taken the time to express we have this shared thing together and I am expressing my gratitude to you and I'm doing it with a three-dimensional form. No, it means so much more than anything else seeing is just the burden okay here obligation here. Why did why did your note make Amanda cry because it was a because Rising bit of genuine emotion. Yeah, because I'm really bad at expressing myself in a vulnerable emotional to write it out. That's wonderful though. I have received a handwritten notes from people. Thank you, or otherwise that have deeply moved me. Have stuck with me that I keep to this day. That's great. That's not what I'm talking about though. I am talking about the regimented sense of necessity. You have a wedding people give you gifts. You need to tell them thank you in the form that they expect to receive it a Christmas present a gift for a baby that your friend had your just solving your own sins something something genuinely moves you in your life Express that gratitude but like for all the people out there who might want to express Gratitude to any of us send us a tweet or attack. I just want to say this is so much more about you to feeling the burden of emotional weight moaning. That is I was like is this a divorce kid thing? Do you think that's part of it? Almost definitely. Yeah. Let's just talk about it. Definitely. Yeah because you grow up wondering how if people just felt free to say what they felt when they felt it and not when they felt they needed to Amanda right on different things could wait and also who you own a white and kind of what the rules are. I will also say as a southern person. So there's always in the South. I do also relate to our idea of just rebelling against the rules for the sake of rules and the end. Okay, and and I have tried to chart my way out of that and that means it may be I'm sometimes rude to people who are expecting handwritten notes. But here's the thing pause pause on you mouth. Here's the thing about the handwritten note. It just means a lot like it's just a nice thing to do but obligation or not. I think that people want to feel a part of your wedding like as a wedding guests. They felt like a part of my wedding when they came to my way. There's nothing more Hollow than the bride and the groom getting up there and saying thank you so much everyone who's traveled such a long way to be here with us. That's the real obligation attending the wedding is the obligation as a host be like be like, you know, what you helped create one of the most important days of my life, I would assume No, no also you say thank you it for Sunday brunch. No, this is all about this is all about creating chip. That would have been alive me writing notes to like 80 people that I met once on the day of my wedding. So anyway, I believe in and genuine emotion via letters and also the grace of a thank you. No, I'm sorry. That's just part of my personal code in Praise. I believe in gratitude. I believe in positive feedback. I also think for the young folk out there listening or we anyone at work on your handwriting. No. No, that's a good note you but that's not what I was gonna say if you like go interview for a job. Yes. Send a follow-up email thanking somebody for their time those things I support and approve of fake people. Thank you for joining us to write it on stationary. I started with like in the Emily post mandated number writes. I am not having any point at people like getting a thank-you note at any time. There's nothing more exciting and this day and age than getting an unsolicited nice thing in the mail like about how someone you care about and just Cool surprise think about how awful it is when you just open your mailbox on any day. What kind of stuff are is in there? It's awful. I mean this machine so much. I don't open my man 2014 time without remembering told you about my email you go monsters Craig and I are holding up the values of America are nicer more genteel people than we are. I think that's true. Definitely. Yeah. We are split on this tank for Craig and Mallory demanda. I'm Juliet has been the house take can't wait for your thank you note for this podcast. You'll be receiving.