Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous administrative stuff. Yeah, he does. I would say how many of our students do you think you do editing for? Oh good number. I would say at least a dozen probably to to closer to two. I'm not sure it really depends like yeah for sure. That's awesome. So first of all, I kind of want to share everyone with everyone like how we met because I mean Beth and I go way back she's like come during her mother at know not to laugh. That's what I go way back. And then also I kind of want to share like the whole journey like how we met and like how your business started and everything because it's so interesting. I feel like I'd like to say first this is the first time this story is being told publicly. So y'all in for a treat way back in the day when we were still College I'm talking like mm like seven or something. I met a guys your friends whose game. Well, I can't not laugh about this whose name was Aaron. I thought it was kind of cute and he was kind of nice and I thought I kind of had a thing for him for a little while. It was like I don't know what it was like a couple weeks. Maybe a couple months was a long and I decided that I wasn't really ready to date again because I had been through a really bad breakup and I just was too scared. I was like, let's be friends. Anyways, that's fine. We had a lot of other mutual friends. So we To stay friends and we did and it was relatively seamless and shortly thereafter. He started then I think then everybody's gonna hate this because it's just us like last paper whatever. I love it they can suffer and then shortly thereafter you started dating this girl named Molly. I don't really know where meter because he went to a different school about how far away it was what you were living in one side of the duplex. We're not there yet. We're not there yet. Oh, continue till eventually Which is on to like my last year of college and Aaron is living in a duplex unit that is owned by a friend of mine and I decided to move into the other side of the duplex. Now meantime, I had come through another really terrible breakup, which would not going to go into the details out, but it was bad and it ended with up with my ex dumping me for my roommate. So needless to say I did not want to be at my side of the duplex very often. So I would hang out with Aaron because Aaron was home and we were friends because it had been like a few. Years or whatever since the whole thing with us happened and be a transition to Friendship like perfectly I would hang out there and if you don't know this about me, I feel like the story is going to bet angle that you and I have shared before and we're going to keep that between us. However, all right guys, this is gonna feel a little bit of mystery for you. But the part that I wanted her to share what she did was that her and Aaron went out on a date which is now I feel like sort of hilarious. It's because Aaron and I are varying ago. Yeah, that's is like one of our BFFs. Okay. Let me just pick up the story here. You guys are never going to know this little secret part. Sorry. But baffled come over and hang out with us all the time and watch what did you watch me edit? Yeah, that was part. Well, first of all if Molly hated me because like you're living next door to that girl. I was just, you know jealous. She had kissed she totally was yeah, I like I get it because you are working like a bajillion hours a week. So you were like never there. So like you would know that I would be there and I'm hanging out like yeah and it was super shitty. I get like I would totally it's not the same thing but my brain wasn't there because I've been through this terrible break. I just wanted to be around people that we're gonna get caught. It's all good. We're all really we've been home really good friends since what 2007 probably like nine. Yeah, like two years. Actually. I was like yea yea Somali hated me and but anyways, I had nothing against Molly. I didn't even know that she hated me actually until like years later she told me but what happens is that the only time that she was home is when she was editing photos and that's how I got to meet her and she started to realize it like something was off with me with me like something was kind of not Right, which because I've been through a really bad breakup. So she started like kind of like ask me questions and be a friend asked me to go for walks and stuff. This is awesome. Those walks were so fun. Remember the reserve for the best? Yeah, and we actually got to be friends. And then from there the only time I got to spend with her was when she was editing photos and back when I was shooting wedding. So I was working all the time that wasn't there just sit and stare at her edit photos and you chatting like watch movies in background stuff eventually got to the point where she was. You know, I want to do more of my business but I just don't have time with all the editing and I'm like at the time I had an internship that ended early unexpectedly because they didn't have as much Grant many as they thought they did and I was like, I need a job and I've sat here and watch you do this for like hours and hours and hours. I don't you just teach me how to use Photoshop and I will do the editing for you and she's like, all right, you've got two hours to learn it. If you don't I you're fired and I'm gonna hire somebody else icrc said that I have come a long way. Answers unless I wanted to go to grad school fast forward to like 2014 and I quit my full-time job in The Sciences to do editing full-time have been full-time for five years and total like life of my business would be about 10 years because I started working for you like the summer of 2010. Yeah. It was quite the roller coaster from like hating me to like them be like best friends Inseparable. Like no joke that years a total 180 and that's like that's one of the funniest things about the I feel like I still message you the most even though you live in Oakland. Now and I live in Austin, but yeah, probably no. Yeah. Yeah, so that's the gist of the story. It's quite quite gorilla cause there's a lot more funny parts in it than that too. But like this is a little bit short, but I like we're gonna have to save those for another and but yeah basically key things here, you know Beth learned how to edit she has an editing business now and she spoke up booty Camp. Laughs number one. Yep, booty Camp lab number two, and now booty Camp 5 number three This April 20 20 and what's your topic for this PCL Beth? We were pulling the group about it just to see what they wanted to learn for me because like I'm there for them, you know as much as anything else. It's probably going to be kind of like a live demonstration for editing techniques like tricky editing things to get over maybe a little bit with how to work with announcer sir. But it looks like the most of it is just like editing and retouching tips and tricks and stuff. That'll probably be where most of it will focus and probably just like a live demo for most of us think I love the live demo. That's super Great. Let's shift gears a little bit here. When you were first getting started with your business. What was like a main mindset technique or something with your mindset that you had to get over in order to succeed with your business. I feel like every single small business owner has like a hurdle. Ooh, there are a couple things. Like first of all is believing that it can be done but not in a wishy-washy way but in a concrete Way that is backed up by numbers and by practice before I put my full-time job. I knew how much I was making on average per hour and how many clients I needed and so on and so forth and I knew how many that equated to be have enough to pay my bills. So it's like yes, it's something I wanted to do, but it's something that was also backed up by the numbers. I knew how much I was making on average and stuff. So I knew where I needed to be to be able to do it full-time that was part of it and the other one was accepting the fact that it's going to Look for a while because it's like you're like a lot of people and you're doing a full time job on top of it. Like that is not fun. You were doing full time right at first. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I was all yeah. I didn't like my hundred hours. We were in college and a job and editing right or not. I actually started for editing for you the summer after I graduated college so I had the internship. Yeah. Yeah. That's how that played out. I went straight from college to working like an internship and then for mom, actually I vaguely remember So let me know like what really went down. That was a long time ago. But I remember when you left your job. I mean, obviously there was many reasons why you wanted to leave your phone take job, but that aside I remember it still being scary because you have to replace your income, you know, and you have student loans, which I think you're like debt-free now, I believe. Yeah, I love to job in The Sciences right after the economic downturn and you have like a good salary there right? I was like the thing is like 40. A Thousand Years some things are eating out was to go to and it was all towns. That's not bad. Yeah, like 14 or something like that 2012. Yeah, and I left that job for a job as a freelancer in the Arts and made more money. But the only the only way that was successful though like to go back to your question is because I knew the numbers and I had already put them into practice that was part of it that made it as seamless from you as possible. Like I never went hungry. I never didn't pay a bill. I'm a dad. Yeah best Ajman like Year of college. Would you ever have thought that you would be where you are and how you feel? First guy I just I love it. You're like because you were so you know, your degree was in The Sciences and you're sitting in front of me right now with purple hair and you're an editor for artists like it's so cool. Yes, it was so random and I guess the other part of that too is like don't cling to things that aren't working. It's obvious that like while I love my job and everything like that I could have said like no I have a degree in this I have to stay with this. So it's like don't cling to things that aren't working or aren't suiting you. And it's not to say it may not suit you in the future. But if it's not suiting you right now, you know, it's possible something needs to be changed. There's nothing to say you can't come back to it like 20 years from now. I might go back for my masters and work back in the field. I got a degree tour who knows but accept the fact that you know, you need to change and adjust and pivot as everything around you does to that's another thing that's key. Like if you're going to be successful. Yeah. Oh my gosh, that's such good advice. So I just kind of want to like repeat that don't cling to something just because cuz it's what you think your path has to be like if you're unhappy, you know be okay with pivoting. I think that's really and the other thing too is like, you know, a lot of people go out and they get degrees and they realize like I could make more money with a photography business or something else. We have a lot of students that want to enroll in our program, but they're nervous because they already shelled out a bunch of money for a degree that didn't make them any money. And so they think if they shell out money for an another education program that won't make the money but the difference is that College doesn't actually set you up to make money. It just it just sets you up to give them money really and it sets you up to give you the knowledge that you need to then find a job. That's it. Yeah, but they're not yeah exactly, but they're not giving you like a road map to right they're not telling you like this is where here like talk to this of some degrees will say like have an in with certain businesses. But only if they have an opening that's going to work like obviously there's some degrees Like you have to go to college board. I'm definitely not sure crashing call. You want to be a doctor like you got to go to split I would just School for Art. Let's just laugh about that. I'd although it was very very fun. I met a lot of really cool people. But yeah, okay, so we didn't get you where you're at. You're at now. Yeah. Yeah exactly. What's like since you're so integrated in the photography space and I feel like you know so much about photography and I mean, you've literally seen my entire career like oh, yeah. Yes, the hell you've been so supportive of everything which is really amazing. What do you think is like the number one or one mistake that you see beginning photographers make and what's like the best advice you could give them to either avoid it or kind of come back from it. This is going to be hard and a lot of people are going to hate hearing this but here we go. The way that we that technology has created the environment that we have now. It's so cheap to go out there and create something. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. Like you can set up a Facebook business page for free. You can get a website for like 10 bucks a month or something like that in like, you know, you can have and like you're going to apply for an LLC in 10 minutes online, you know, like it's so simple and easy and the barriers for starting a business have not only gotten easier but also cheaper that it's created this mindset of people that they don't have to spend money to have a business and that's How it works. That's not how any of this works. So like if you were in a business like that costs money, like just in the simple like it's going to cost you equipment but it's also going to cost you money for marketing and stuff like that. Like yes, you can do a lot of networking and stuff for free but like you got to Pony up like if you're going into business expecting that you're going to be able to have this thriving six-figure business, but not have to spend anything more than a few lenses and a camera like you're setting yourself up for a lot of frustration and probably failure. You have to accept that. This is a business and it takes money to run you're going to have to get out that pocketbook and spend spend wisely but spend yes and really I love this so much because it really comes down to like a scarcity mindset versus an abundance mindset a lot of us, you know, we have this goal of like a six-figure business to six-figure business and when we finally get there, we realize like we're not pocketing. Six figures but that's okay. I mean, right you're you know, you're going to you're going to have expenses like just with Beth said like there's no way you're going to get to six figures without having some kind of expenses and I've kind of explain this to my students before as well, especially on when we first work with our students. Typically they're in debt and their first goal is just to get to this is 0 right and it's really hard once they get to zero to get them back to get them back into that abundance mindset because a lot of Of time they finally get to zero and so they're like, oh my God, they're so afraid of going back into that. They don't want to spend any money on their business. But the truth is that you're going to be able to grow by investing in an editor like that's going to free up your time to be able to then book more clients, you know and make more money you're going to need to invest in further education. The Investments are different. Like I try to explain to people getting a coffee at Starbucks or a new pair of jeans or going to the movies, you know, that's debt but investing in things for your business that are going to help her. Your business like that's an investment I could talk about this forever. But I'm so glad you brought that up. That's yeah, and that's in this not even special to photography industry. I see that with a lot of small business owners and they like well, I don't want to spend the money on marketing. I'm like, well good luck having a business Deuces. Like I don't even want to associate with you because your mindset is so off from what it means to be that I'm you're going to frustrate me. And so we're just talking about like Your collection of the people you surround yourself with so that's true. That's very true. That's yeah, that's super true. And yeah, I mean you're not me and you're just you give you give feedback that's honest and you know, sometimes it's hard to hear at first, but then like maybe, you know, three months six months later. You're going to be like shoot. She was right I get it. Yeah, you'll find the understand like what that is that what that means at this point in the podcast. I usually have people share like a technique or special skill, and I know that You do editing and that's sort of hard to explain through a podcast. So is there anything you think you could share like just one like tip because I know like an editing tip would be without seeing the computer. Yeah. Well, I mean, there's one simple thing to like a lot of people are familiar with the Clone stamp tool of you set the the tool itself to a blending mode of color and then set the layer like if you have your base layer, then you make a copy of it or a blank one and then set that one to blending. Umm, that's also color. It's really great for evening out skin tones. Like you can select a skin tone from somewhere that is less Fred. If you want to get rid of red skin other example, and then if you select like a Browner Tanner darker less red skin tone and then brush over it the area that you want to change it'll just change the color of it but not copy the texture and everything like a direct copy like the Clone stamp tool is used for those are really yeah. That's a really great way for evening out skin tones and making Seems like that. I've used Photoshop since I was in high school and I did not know that so very cool. It looks like a little like butt nugget that I was like hmm. What would be easy to describe it? I didn't know the color. That's really cool. Is that something you couldn't demonstrate at booty Camp alive? Yeah. I mean that would be something that's in the list that I've been pulling. I'm gonna bump it again one more time to give people one more chance to kind of like go through thanks. But yeah, if you haven't voted on the pole yet. It's in her Boudoir and empowerment photographers free group your Not in there yet. It's just booty shorts.com grew so go. Tell Beth what you want. Yeah, super cools. I'd like to chat a little bit about and I feel like you're going to laugh when I ask you this question. But what's one of the ways that you learn to better balance work with life by the way Beth isn't a bathrobe currently probably drinking whiskey. I have no idea. My stash is right next to my desk. Yeah, honestly delegate. Yeah, that's good delegate why you do literally anything in your business. If you don't have to for example last month, I work like 31 recorded hours like month. So you record your own hours. Yes. That's so smart. What do you use like toggle or something? I use an Excel spreadsheet and then every day I just like note when I start working and subtract some time for lunch or whatever because I have it set to To calculate out how much I need to make every single day so that I can reach my goal for the year. I love that you track your own hours guys. You should totally do this. That's so sad. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you make sure that you're making in for what it is for a lot of people to it's a real eye-opener to realize like oh crap. I'm literally only making minimum wage. Once you start actually tracking ever since what your income is. We at last month's I had 31 recorded hours for the month and if it was probably total because they're still sometimes you're like take five minutes. Answer an email or something like that just like little things that you do. I say it was probably more like 50 hours last month's total and I still made Seven Grand like I am like that's where Molly said. He really liked a lot of it will come down to like, you know, you still have those expenses. So the girls that work for me probably took about half of that which is fine with me because men my business is scalable if I'm doing all the work myself. I might take home 50 percent of the total butt. I only have so many hours in the day. But if I'm scaling and I'm hiring editors and I'm taking home 20% of the gross but that 20, it's 20% of like infinite it only it's only limited by how much I can skill. That's what I really done is I delegate a lot my primary focus in my business now is quality control and just making sure that the clients have what they need and the girls that work for me have what they need to do their job and that's my job. It's so cool. This just reminded me and I think do you know Julie around Julie around? Ah, she's a student of ours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have an interview that I did with her that I want. I keep forgetting to edit to put together for an advertisement for myself because I'm she's back to work. Yeah when she stopped working with me or whatever. I'm like she was telling me about a little bit like can we do an exit interview? And she's like, yeah, so he did it. But yeah, it was like, oh wait. Okay. Oh wait wait so you don't do her it anymore because she hired staff. Yeah, she's okay. So that's actually what I wanted to share. So this is kind of cool that it ties in so Julie's in like our upper level program and this is the first month that she's been able to do this and it really ties in with what Beth was saying. First of all, she delegated immediately after joining our program like too bad like she did her editing and stuff. We actually helped Julie hire a staff and this last month the month of January 2020. She did $20,000 in sales and she didn't shoot any photo shoots herself her staff did everything anyways, I just say it's tizen so Oh well with a Beth saying like delegate it. Like if you don't have to do it, like why would you do it and it allows you to scale your business and reach more people but there's no way that Julie would have been able to have the time to do that. If she didn't outsourced her editing in the beginning, you know what I mean? Right? Yeah. She was already shooting pretty regularly I think to and she started the program. She was already shooting like at least like once or twice a week on the regular. She already had quite a bit of time that she was automatically getting back, right? Start for that reason, so that's what really allowed her to like catapult. Yeah. She was I think I worked for one to two years or whatever and moms. Like I'm always sad to see clients go but at the same time if it allowed them to take their business to where it wanted to be then like out to filled my purpose like that is literally my job. Like that's a long that's a really good climber attention. So yeah. Oh, yeah, like I've got clients that I've worked with for like five years something like that. Yeah. Yep. I'm looking for people who are in it for the long haul so cool. I mean and I can obviously talk to you all day and I have before me but we have to end this if everyone listening could just take away just one thing from your episode today. What would you like it to be covid like a couple thing that has really touched on specifically but like reinforces everything and that is the motivation is internal that you have to motivate you and if you're waiting for an external Force to do it for you you're handing over the fate of your success to someone or something else. You have to take ownership. Entirely of your own success that and everything is a choice in action is as much of a choice as action is so be aware that everything that you're choosing to do or choosing not to do is a choice. I love that my gosh. Thank you and we're can everyone connect with you and find you the best place to probably be my website would be starboard starboard editing.com. And then from there it has links to like Social Media stuff. So sweet. I will thank you Beth. Yay. Thanks. Are you going to wear your Unicorn 1 zi, but you can't believe I've obviously but are you going to wash it? No, okay that wine stains all over it. This is the best ending ever in the last time. I got wasted in that know. We'll see you on the next episode of art of empowerment. Thank you so much for listening to the art of empowerment podcast. If you loved this episode, I would love it if you would leave me. Review and let me know why you loved it. I absolutely love reading each and every review also, be sure to go to booty shorts.com. That's B OU D IE shorts.com and click join the movement to see all of our booty babes and to schedule your very own complementary 30-minute strategy session. See you next time.