Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been. Mr. Miyamoto breaks a habit Levi's and Nintendo are becoming Pals and Luigi's Mansion 3 gets a multiplayer update those stories and more on this episode of Nintendo switch craft. Welcome back to switch craft everybody. I'm Bill. Yes, this is Bill. This is not some other whispery person Whispering into a microphone. It's actually me. I know I sound like garbage. You should have heard me yesterday. That's why I haven't had a show since Last Friday and for that I apologize. It's very difficult to talk. And I know that there's a lot of you out there who would say Bill just take the day off. Listen, there's too much. I can't I am a workaholic. I can't stop creating content and I just spent the last I don't even know how many days just laying in bed all day long every day. I had the flu. I haven't been going to work today. I went to the work went to the Work today, I went to work for the first time and while talking is very tiring. That's my compromise that I gave myself is that I just wouldn't do it live because when I do the show live I do the whole show in one take And that is very exhausting when I'm not sick. So doing the whole show in one take is not an option. So I will be pausing and editing and cutting everything together and if my voice sounds different between cuts, that's probably because I stopped talking for a while and took a rest came back and or or whatever any or maybe I had a coughing fit that I had to edit out and I sound worse afterwards. Who knows but you know. I just can't stop making content. This is too fun. I like to talk to you guys about video games. I really wish that I could do this live, but I'm not doing this one live and this one is on a Thursday because again, it's been since Friday since I've had an episode. So I figured I owe you guys some some news. So let's find some news to talk about let's start by talking about mr. Miyamoto, and this will be a shorter episode. I just I need to scratch that itch. I need to stretch my legs. Legs is as far as it goes with with content creation. But mr. Miyamoto who all of you know, who he is. He is a God among men when it comes to game development. He is the a creative fellow that's not just me describing him that is his actual job title over at Nintendo, but he is a creative fellow at Nintendo and basically his job these days seems to The helping the next generation of game designers come up with their ideas. He's not quite as involved in the day-to-day stuff that he as he used to be and this is his example that he says he no longer comes in mid development and upends everything and says, what if we do it like this and while some may say wait does that mean that he's stepping away maybe? But I still think Nintendo's in good hands whether or not he is still helming the ship when it comes to the creative direction that a lot of the developers go and I think that the reason why whether mr. Miyamoto sticks around for much longer in his job I feel like Nintendo still in a good place because the people who work at Nintendo they tend to work at Nintendo for a very long time and that's because they're so happy there and that's because they buy into the culture and that culture that has developed over the last well over a hundred years that that culture that's developed over over that that last bit of time has been the culture that's given us some of the best games ever made. Well, mr. Miyamoto would quite often go into a development process and start throwing ideas around and then they would basically scrap the project and start from scratch because he had these great ideas now, he says that he hasn't been doing that as much lately in a recent issue of famitsu. He said here's the actual quote. He says I might say something The early stages of development like what if we didn't do this or if you're going to do that then what about this but I no longer come in mid development to completely where rework things. I don't upend the tea table just as a hobby or something I only do so if I can see how the whole game will pan out by changing the structure of things when a game isn't turning out right I up in the T table when I can see how things like the visuals and the merits of the The game can change if I can't see a Clear Vision for the game. Then that doesn't mean something should be changed after all you can't see all the key components unless you're the director and that's that's really what he's saying is he is trusting even though he is the creative fellow at Nintendo or one of the creative fellows at Nintendo. He's basically saying I trust my directors unless I have a fully-fledged idea that I can take and turn Into something new then I kind of stay out of their way and that's you know knowing when to stay out of the way is just as important as knowing when to jump in and get your hands dirty. And that's one of the things that I think mr. Miyamoto has well, I think he's gotten better at I don't know how much of his involvement in Star Fox Zero was but by all accounts He was kind of really in on that game and it was almost universally panned. A lot of people just did not like Star Fox Zero and I don't know. I don't want to lay the blame at mr. Miyamoto's feet, but maybe that's one of those times where he upended the tea table and now he says he's not doing that anymore. And I think that that's very interesting. I wonder if he's saying things like that in preparation for him to maybe Retire he's been working for a really really long time at Nintendo since 1983 or 82. I believe he's been working there really really long to actually it might have been 81. I can't remember. I'm going to look it up right now. And right there is one of the advantages of not doing the show live as I can. I can stop I can look something up and find out exactly what the date was. So he was actually hired as an assistant in the planning department in 1977. So that means he's been working at Nintendo. Almost my entire life, which is crazy. I mean he is 67 years old and he's got to be ready to retire soon. And I wonder if comments like this are a telegraph that someday soon. Mr. Miyamoto is going to hang up his controllers and go relax and just you know, do whatever he feels like instead of showing up to work every day. Although I get the feeling that when he shows up, Up to work every day. He's doing what he feels like anyway, you know, there's those people that say find a job that you love and you'll never work a day in your life. And you know, that's that's got to be true that's got to be true especially for somebody like me and Moto who he's been he's been so instrumental in changing the entire industry. Well, it seems like he's broken his habit of completely working reworking games mid development. So Maybe Nintendo games will come out faster now. I don't know. Who knows. All right, let's talk about something really weird other than my voice Nintendo tweeted out this crazy thing the other day actually not Nintendo Levi's tweeted it out and it said pants Emoji times or you know, if I'm sorry if your Sony then you'd say cross, but pain. Pants Emoji cross mushroom coming soon and then it shows Levi's and Super Mario and then a coin sliding by. and people looked at that and they said Does that mean we're going to have Levi's overalls for like Super Mario overalls? Are they going to be called super Super Mario overalls? I don't know. Would you buy overalls? I mean, I wouldn't buy overalls squirrelly Dan would buy overalls. And if you don't know who squirrely Dan is that I recommend that you Google squirrelly Dan, he's a funny character, but what do you guys think of this Doug Bowser tweet retweet We did it the other day and I replied nobody's buying overalls and everybody got mad at me and I was just joking. But anyway Levi's jeans. They have some kind of crossover event coming with Mario. Here's what I expect first off. I do expect overalls. And there's no way I'm buying them. I also expect probably some other stuff because Levi's make shirts and stuff like that as well. I also expect these things to be expensive. I expect whatever is coming to be more expensive than I'm willing to pay. Although I'd be honest. I really don't wear a lot of video game themed clothing anymore. Most of my clothes that I wear my and here's the reason why here's the reason why it's not because I think I'm too grown up to wear video game themed clothing. It really has a lot more to do. With the fact that I just don't think that most of those t-shirts are very well made and I I prefer the ones that are not like the cotton I like the ones that are like the moisture wicking shirts. I think they feel more comfortable. I think they have better cuts the sleeves on the Cheapo video game shirts that that I used to wear. The sleeves were always way too big and you know, I'm not like a tiny guy. I'm not a muscle-bound. I either but you know, I'd put on these shirts and I'd be like man. I just look stupid and it's not because of the video game stuff. It's just because the cheat the shirts are cheap and the cuts are crap and it just doesn't look good. And that is not what you came here to hear me talk about so I'm going to move on but Levi's and Mario coming together at last I guess. I don't know. I'm not excited about it. But I'm sure you know, I will say this. This when it was a Nintendo partnered with Vans to make some really really cool shoes that was exciting to me because they were they were a they were great shoes and B. They looked really cool. I really like them. I had these I have these cool Zelda Vans and the bottom of them say game over on them, which is awesome. And then the top they had all of the little sprite. Art from Zelda, which I thought was really cool. And that was like a really quick limited time thing in my wife bought them for me because she's awesome and knows exactly what I would like and I love Vans because I have flat feet so they don't have that Arch, which I will undoubtedly destroy on every pair of shoes that I ever owned because of my flat feet and they also don't hurt my feet to wear. So it was like a win-win-win triple extra. With extra win on top for me that being said they were only on sale for a very short time so you can't get them now. So maybe maybe maybe Levi's will make some shoes. I don't know. Maybe it'll be something cool and I'll be excited about it, but I don't know what it is. What do you guys have for your predictions on an odyssey to now and get 80? Dollars worth of free games including pickaxe Pete if you're anything like me then when your new favorite game comes out, you're playing it right up until bedtime. I want to talk to you about blue light blue light is the shortest wavelengths in the visible light spectrum. Our body uses blue light to regulate our natural sleep and wake Cycles prolonged exposure to artificial blue light can be harmful to our eyes and our sleep bottom line launch blue light blocking. In screen protectors for Nintendo switch and other electronics help reduce the negative effects of blue light and increase your Visual Comfort when gaming on your switch, I already had a tempered glass screen protector on my Nintendo switch launch sent me. There's I took the old one off and I put the new one on the launch screen protector was the easiest one to install. I didn't have any Bubbles and at the end of the day, it looks great. One thing. I was worried about with blue light blocking glass. Is would it change the perceived color that I would see when looking at my switch in portable mode and I'm here to tell you. I was worried for nothing the screen looks great. So if you're looking for a tempered glass screen protector with the added bonus that it blocks blue light then head on over to launch protect.com and use the coupon code bill for 15% off that's launched protect.com coupon code bill for 15% off right now, you're listening to a podcast. Cast I know it comes as a huge shock, but that's what you're doing. Did you know that you can listen to podcasts on Spotify you can also do a lot of other stuff on Spotify as well on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download To listen to offline wherever you are Spotify allows you to easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. So if you're already using spotify do me a favor and share a Nintendo switch Craft on your Instagram page if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Nintendo switch Craft on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Nintendo's witchcraft. left All right, everybody. We are back and let's talk about the new multiplayer Pack DLC part one for Luigi's Mansion 3. It's got some new costumes that you can wear scare scraper and scream park DLC pack. You've got Mama Luigi the Green Knight and groove. Groove Luigi is really hard to say. So the Green Knight it looks like a character wearing a knight's outfit. Of course, they just Call him the Green Knight because we G and then there's Mama Luigi, which he looks like. He's got a bunch of stuff wrapped around him like a mummy which looks kind of cool and then Groove Luigi basically looks like he stepped right out of the 70s, which I actually really really like that. He's not even wearing a hat. He's got a giant head of hair. There's three new screen part games like dodgeball. Where you use the Poltergust in order to catch and shoot the ball at the enemy's there's another one where you're riding in like a little boat and you have to dodge logs and gather coins in order to beat your other, you know gather more than your opponents. And then there's also these this one where you have to defeat ghosts and then there will be certain tiles on the floor which will Electrocute you and they keep disappearing and reappearing. So you have to kind of keep track of where they are and then capture ghosts without getting shocked by those weird tiles. So that's that's out. Oh gosh. I just close the damn window. Let me open that back up. All right, it's actually available right now and it is $9.99. So that gets you that's the multiplier. Pack which actually came out on December 17th, but now they've added this into the multiplayer pack. It's a fantastic game. I haven't played any of the multiplier stuff, but it's Luigi's Mansion is a really good game. You should check it out if you haven't already. Okay, I've got one last thing to talk about today that I want you to check out last III Ubisoft showed off this really really cool multiplayer focused free-to-play team-based. Game called roller Champions. Basically, it's roller derby, you know like on roller skates and you've got a ball that you have to throw through a hoop and it looked really really fun. Now I only played about 15 minutes of it because it was available for you to download you had to make an Ubisoft account. It was available for you to download on PC and then I was just too busy at the time to get to play it until the very last day before. They closed it down. So I was able to download it and then get it installed and played it on that last day and I think that they have something very very special here. Well good news. It's also coming to the Nintendo switch. It's coming to other consoles as well. It's starting out and development for Windows PC, but it will also be coming to PS4 Xbox One and in tendo switch and mobile and as the free-to-play game my guess is this this Has the art style of fortnight which screams to me that the monetization model will be very similar to Fortnight where you are probably have a battle pass or whatever it is that they want to call it. And on that battle pass, you will unlock skins that your character can wear it makes a lot of sense in that kind of game and using that art style makes it easier I think because their textures aren't super high res, but it makes it easier to make a lot of different looking. Skins for your characters again. It's a free to play game. It's entering closed Alpha this month and it is expected to launch sometime in 2020. But basically roller Champions, this is the quote is a new sports sensation delivering exhilarating and fast-paced team PVP gameplay on Wheels two teams of three players are pitted against each other in areas around the world and players are cheered. On by crowds of roaring fans as they acquire the ball pass it to teammates Dodge and Tackle opponents to score a goal in the illuminated hoop that appears above the rank. I think it looks fantastic. I played about 10 minutes of it. Like I said, and I had a lot of fun again. Unfortunately. I didn't have enough time to really sink my teeth into it and understand all of the nuances of the game, but it's still an it's coming in early Alpha this month. Probably not to switch and other consoles probably only on PC, but if you got a PC Make sure you sign up for the closed Alpha. I will be and of course if I'm able to talk about it. I'll probably talk about it on on various shows because it's coming to everything. So I think I'd be able to talk about on everything. Anyway, I'm really looking forward to this game. It looks like a ton of fun. All right, that's it for me today. I'm tired. I don't want to talk anymore become a part of the community over run jump stop.com Discord the music that you're hearing right now is corneria Star Fox Remix by Note Block. I'll see you next time. Bye. Bye.