Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be the right amount ahead of the curve. You don't you can't be too far ahead because in you just nonsense, but you can't just be thinking Making of things from from the perspective of where everybody else is thinking of them or you're not going to get different results. You have to be different in that welcome to the derivative by RCM Alternatives coming to you from Sunny Miami or some of the top investing talent in the world is gathered for the annual context conference. I'm your host Jeff Malik and have managed to peel away a couple of Talents from their conference duties today Rodrigo Gordillo Adam Butler and Mike philbrick of resolve Asset Management. Welcome guys. Thanks for having us resolves. A toronto-based asset manager doing all sorts of cool things around asset allocation strategies for managing mutual funds to private hedge funds and are one of the more prolific firms in terms of investor education and writing with white papers webinars and podcasts under the resolve Banner. I'll have to admit we've been known to peek over at your guys writing from time to time and Borrow some ideas for blog posts and whatnot feeling's mutual got it. So we'll start personal and we'll start with Rodrigo. Give a little background. You're from Peru right Born and Raised. Yeah. So how do you become a hedge fund manager out of Peru using you experienced a massive economic event for the for the nation at an early age and those formative years really make a big impact this what you do when you're older. So in 1989 88 89 The Shining path terrorist group came down upon the city amongst other economic issues that were happening at the time high inflation would not but when they came down and the president decided to renege on his IMF loans inflation went to seven thousand percent six months my parents lost it all my neighbor who had his mortgage and it was about to be evicted was able to pay down his mortgage with a few US Dollars and a lot of people emigrated out of Canada out of a Peru. Toured Canada and and Australia we decided on Canada and the rest is history. So all that kind of wood, you know, the background is also come from a mathematics family got the Quant bug fairly early in the investment career. And then from there Matt Mike and Adam 2011. We're Off to the Races sounds good Adam. How about yourself? Nothing nearly. So interesting on a background stamp? point but I didn't really discover that I wanted to be in the investing field until most of the way through University and I entered into trading competition and ended up doing well and caught the bug and worked on a trading desk and learn some very valuable lessons and I guess sort of as a third major lesson after the 2008 crisis does decided that I didn't want to run strategies anymore that were vulnerable to that type of outcome again, and and that was the Catalyst for a move into systemic Global macro, and that's kind of where we've been ever since and I need a ride. What would you what do you place in that trading competition? I placed first in the first one. It was great and and got it was what was so great. Was that the I was in the psych program and the Commerce students. There are three classes of Commerce students were all the students also participated in it was a national contest and and I wanted and none of the other Commerce students did very well. So it was a nice sort of Psych Department versus Commerce Department rivalry point of discussion for a while. I love Canada calls it the Commerce Department. That would be like economics at a u.s. University. Yeah business economics. Yeah Commerce and Mike you might have the most interesting background some Canadian football league in there. Yeah. Yeah. I actually grew up on a farm, you know learned learned learned the value of hard work and and then had the opportunity to play football professionally in Canada for 12 years whilst I was doing that. I also was fortunate enough to be hired by a firm who allowed me to do both at the same time because in Canada, you can't you can't quite make enough. I need to just retire Forever After and and and I you know, I want to be challenged. I like I like the the nature of our business in the way in which it allows you to be competitive and that competition is something that is enticing and I'd like to play a game every day where you know, the score is yeah. It is very similar to Athletics, right? There's a score there's a winner there's a loser each and every day and it And in some case it, you know Sports is the ultimate zero-sum game. It worked great. The Super Bowl is going to happen on Sunday and there was two hundred and fifty six games played in the NFL this year and there always is and there's a winner and loser to everyone and you have a winner at the end and teams take different approaches to add Alpha and value and win the end of the day there can only be one winner. So there's some my Bears didn't add a lot of alpha this year. Yeah. I do like the Bears though. They're coming around. We'll see who do you like in the Super Bowl? Oh, I would I would say so probabilistically thinking that they're there it's probably underestimated the opportunity that the Niners have I think that it's probably the Chiefs. But yeah, I think you and I were talking about this last night. I think there's a lot of strange opportunities within the potential Futures that will go on in the next few days. That would maybe favor the Niners a little bit more than the oddsmakers are suggesting. So throw it back out to any of you have how did the three of you come together and found resolve? Well, when there's there's you know, three zebras walking amongst, you know herd of horses you find each other pretty quickly and Adam and I as you as Adam alluded to a 2008 was was you know, sort of informative to us as to how we might think about the investment problem and we ran into Rodrigo who was managing his assets all from an alternative perspective. And who had prospered very very well in 2008. So when we met each other was It was kind of obvious that this is something that should come together and and it's it really is hard to find great talent to work with people that are talented but also Mindful and you know constructive to all situations and so it's been it's been Rivers skill sets right now. It was absolutely I had a few Partnerships before that and it was always about Okay, we all do the same thing really. Well, let's get together and try to do something and it was always a an ego trip, right who's doing better at the one thing that we are all good at when I met Mike and Adam. We all had very diverse skill sets Adam on the writing side and the Quant and analytic side. Mike was has been leading men and women his whole career through both bank system and and in sports and I was you know, pretty good business development person and It's so a little bit of a Venn diagram there but enough diversity that it made it easy for us to just trust each other and what we're good at and say, all right, everybody do their own thing in their own area and let's build this up. And that the content size that you mention is that in a conscious effort to educate or did that just come out of your research process and wanting to figure out things for your own and then sharing what you found out that that publishing effort was a catharsis after the 2008 crash. Honestly, it was sort of an effort to find. Ourselves, you know, it was sort of Mike and I had recently teamed up we had this very interesting experience trying to navigate around how to emerge from it. Not just sort of learning lessons and then Moving on but learning lessons and making changes and so it was just sort of an effort to document that journey and hold us accountable to that thinking and it was it ended up being this incredible feedback mechanism where you sort of put yourself out there you don't Fully understand the problem in the beginning even though you don't really know enough to know what you don't know. So at each stage along the journey you think you know a lot more than you do but, you know, then people sort of surrounding you or they're increasingly reading the material. They're giving you feedback you're learning about how you might want to shift a little bit how you think about the problem and you know that was beginning of 109. We're in the beginning of 2020. So that's a 10-year journey, and I think we We've all learned an incredible amount about the Quan community and how to think about the problem and I know our Evolution or thinking has evolved very substantially in that time. Do you ever look back at some of the oh nine and ten eleven stuff and be like, oh my God, we didn't know what we didn't know. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, I mean really stuff prior to 2012 is complete nonsense and and stuff prior to 2014 mostly needs a Complete rewrite but you know, that's that's part of the journey. Is it still out there? Yeah. Absolutely. They're still valid like they're still good even though it's it seems like a little bit Mickey Mouse to us. Now with the time. It was a massive leap in our thinking. Yeah. So yeah, definitely definitely worth. Well reading if you want to go back down that far. I mean, I think it's a an excellent example that Alpha is approximately Process are you you're never arrived? It is the constant process of trying to be the right amount ahead of the curve. You don't you can't be too far ahead because in you just nonsense, but you can't just be thinking of things from from the perspective of where everybody else is thinking of them or you're not going to get different results. You have to be different enough and if you go back through the evolution of the thinking and I would I would argue you go. It's kind of funny Twelve eleven nine last year. Absolutely. So so our you know, our process is one of understandings process. Well said tell me a little bit more about the overall firm. So there's you three how many others but what 15 or 16 people in total an operations team has been Trading. Futures for almost 20 years now 16 years and I mean research team voting retouching got well you yeah walk through the research team. That's a great. Yeah. Well, I mean our our product line is evolved, you know, we started out running systemic ETF strategies kind of global asset allocation, and then there was demand from new clients who were really enamored with how we But the problem and it sort of nudged us into thinking about whether you want to do Express these types of Concepts through Futures instead. And so we took our time and went about that thoroughly and mindfully and that was several years ago now and so are our research needs have changed, you know, we are the products we run right now are orders of magnitude more sophisticated. Other than the ones that we ran five or six years ago, but and you know while the thinking has evolved some of the major themes that inform how we think about markets and think about the problem really haven't really haven't changed that much but you know, we've added people to the team with backgrounds in high frequency trading backgrounds in applied math. One of the members of the team did some of the founding research on neural Nets. In the 1980s and then went on to found and build a software company and now is back doing work in machine learning, you know, it's a diverse team with complementary skill sets a lot like the way that the partners the founding Partners kind of came together and it's been really neat to see all that reinforced. You feel like it's a bit of an arms race that you need to spend an iron in order to stay relevant. Avant and keep up with your peers and competitors a little bit but you've also got to know where you fit. You know, I mean, we're not going to compete with with rentec, you know, we're not going to compete at the at the microsecond scale that really is an arms race at least not right. Now, you know, we may we may evolve to get higher and higher frequency. There's mathematical reasons, why higher frequency has higher expectancy all things equal but you know, I think you've got to know who you are. Are and who you're competing against in the Alfie who you're competing against in the market and where are there gaps that you might be able to fill with your expertise and I think we're uniquely positioned to fill some sort of mid-frequency gaps that are pretty exciting in the next sort of 6 to 12 months. And in the meantime just bringing on New Blood who've been very successful thinking about the problem in a very different way has inspired us to think about The problem and in very different ways and just the evolution in our thinking on the research side over the last year. It has been pretty incredible to see. Yeah, I think it's a function of strategy structure execution and behavior. So you you you have a strategy what what structures are going to be in the because that will have limitations on how you might be able to execute it. And are you going to be able to behaviorally stick with it? So then how do Fit in to the marketplace in order to extract some error or some mistakes in the marketplace that are being made on a regular basis where you're going to be able to reliably extract those opportunities for excess return and I think that we think very very carefully about that in order to manifest the strategy that's going to provide for some excess return. That's That's reliable and then having a number of those edges and then assembling those edges in a way that's thoughtful and different. I think that the way we approach that is quite unique in the things that we are willing to do that others aren't is largely where we're going to gather some excess return from which that's a good lead into getting in diving into the strategies have been tweaked kind of buried the lead a little here, but maybe Rodrigo give me the 30 second elevator pitch on what you guys do and what you're good at from Strategy standpoint. Well, I think we alluded to worse hundred systematic and one of the things that Mike mentioned isn't the structure and where we want this business to really grow and so we consider ourselves to be institutional quality research and product. And in order to do that. You need to accommodate large a um, you need to be able to bring it in so you can't go down on the microscopic like take that data level you have to do in a day. In order to be able to accommodate the institutional interest that's coming our way while still being different enough to to get paid what an alpha manager should get paid. And so what were the way the our Revolution Futures program is designed. It is not it is all Futures, but it's a different way of managing future. So it's not it's the traditional Trend. It is a multi Strat with different Alpha buckets that include some of the basic Fundamental understanding that you see in the style premium space on quality value and so on except we're trying to extract other behavioral laws that are less popular and still provide a robust Alpha as we see the traditional style premium really collapse. And so the evolution you just programs designed to fill that Gap to provide a series of non-correlated alpha strategies, like seasonality skewness mean reversion certain types of carry strategies in in ensembles. So each one of these little Alpha buckets has not just one or two ways of trying to extract that particular signal but thousands of different ways and we were written a ton on the values of Ensemble and and then the other side of the equation Beyond just trying to find better Alpha buckets that allow us to choose across 80 different Futures contracts for better or worse is the weighting scheme, which I think is ignored by a lot of the alternative space, right so we focus too much on trying to find an edge and to little on then once The Edge being what are the winners? What am I going to go long? What am I going to short? Very little time spent on how you wait those and we spent in an equal amount of time on that side of the equation which has the ability increased Sharpe ratios as much as 50% of X. So that is I think where our Niche is very different portfolio construction. We're working in an area that is yet to be harvested globally and in a very aggressive way and that means that our correlation for this strategy to traditional risk Premia ctas and whatnot is nearly zero. And take me one level up though. So the evolution strategist one of your products. It's yeah, Charlie had fun product long-short Futures product. Okay, and then there's how many others we run a 40 act fun as well. That is run by the rational funds. So we some advice for them and that one is a kind of coming in from our some of our Legacy programs which were completion portfolios. Right? So you have it's a long flat strategy using similar. Kind of alpha signals in order to decide what the waiting is going to be in the same type of optimization at the back end but it's designed to be a bit more transparent transparent and approachable for the retail space where you have a 60/40 portfolio. This leave can represent 10% and give you exposure to things like Commodities real estate Global equities German buns and that sort of your guys DNA of asset allocation, right? Not just I'm focusing on one trade. That makes money but these different pieces as you call them The Ensemble and how to the different assets mix and correct together. That's right. Well, even even thinking about not just the assets. How did the different resulting strategies that you're running on various assets manifest in return stream that you would then optimize within a portfolio. But if you guys found one thing that work just really well on oil, you know, if it's an ensemble approach in many different. He probably wouldn't trade that because you wanted more. Based asset that you have exposure. I'm not going to say anything about that. Actually that's that's funny. But it's also an interesting point because I think you know used to be the point when we were running strategies that were informed primarily by Trend or momentum that we shared all of our research there wasn't anything behind the the veil, you know in as a strategies have become more sophisticated and we've realized just how how quickly Other investors including you know, commercial investors will steal your IP and you know use it for themselves then we've and we've seen we've developed IP. That is I think legitimately different and represents genuine Alpha. We're a lot less inclined to publish all of that research, you know, we still publish lots of research, but there's now A lot of stuff that goes on behind the scenes that were a little bit less willing to share the details about you know, and do see that with some of the biggest pensions and endowments out there bringing strategies in House of okay. I've watched this for five years absolutely guys have shown me the ropes. I'm gonna hire some p.m. For less money and try it myself, which I personally think so Road dangerous road for them. Well, we've wee it absolutely is if you didn't develop The strategy you didn't build the strategy. We have heard of several scenarios where adaptive asset allocation has been that paper that was written back in 2012. 2011 Lee 11. Yeah how that was adopted by some major pension family plans with catastrophic results mainly because they just didn't quite fully understand the depth of what was required always want to add your own tilt and they go sideways so it Is again this hope it does whole idea of alpha is a process. You you need, you know hits the it's what is it the Red Queen Syndrome from The Mad Hatter, right? You need to be running just to keep up. Yeah, and there's so what Micah speaking of is the difficulty operationally and trying to replicate a bunch of white papers that are trying to extract whatever premium. So the Adaptive asset allocation frame. Is what we run in the 40 act fun, but it can it hasn't evolved every year as we continue to do the research, but I think there's also the issue of publishing and what the impact of that once it's widely accepted and I think we can see that in the factor space right? There's as we speak to institution after institution. They're all rationalizing their firing their external managers that are charging any fees and trying to bring the factors in house, and we actually just did a pot. We have a podcast of our Phone call Gestalt University and we just did an interview with the what was his position at the time Global tactical asset allocation and then eventually, you know Global style Premia or something. Yeah, so he developed a style preemie approach from first principles back in 2004 before anybody was doing it and the Sharpe ratio was a bubble one like 1.2 and then he said that in 2010 when all the papers came out and everybody finally accepted it. He saw hundred x a um going to the product and Sharp get caught by 30% And so what's interesting now this year is that I'm seeing and hearing more and more and more institutions saying we're bringing we're going to do style premium. We're going to do factors we can bring them all in house. So you can imagine this is what this is already a trend. That's bad. It's going to get even worse. And so the even if they replicated poorly but that does mean is for the people who are getting paid for that. They're probably going to get fired or they're just not going to be any return to speak up. So the key for us is to make sure the word tacking. And that space from an acute angle and providing something completely different and seeing those sort of bringing in house or they're going to a bank platform or whatnot. That's offering those different risk premiums. I'm seeing it more and house. I think the sophisticated guys I can pull it off the quad because their art they're hiring Quant internally and those quants recognize that that you know, simple left 50 basis point swap that they can get from the banks are not you know, yeah, it's that we're going to try to do a little bit better. But at the end of the day, I think a lot of them have been Turned on those Ultra simplistic Bank oriented Factor strategies. And I mean what the banks do of course is they create a strategy and they let it run they call it something and then it doesn't work out in the event something, you know pretty well similar and then they let it run and it doesn't work out and it's you know, they like Trend one trying to try and three Transformer. I guess if served they can just keep manufacturing these things and Trend without short energy. He Trend with yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly coming back to the waiting's you were saying is really important half or good part of your research and your process or process as Mike would say I'm just I do that don't I it's yours do an 18 it's good. So if you don't bring that in-house that's got to be a big issue. Right? Like I made know how to work the model but the waiting's the risk control. Actually. That's a really good. Point and and the current situation is a really good example. So if you look across a lot of the trend funds in the early part of 2020, you can tell that the vast majority of the returns have come because they're all like a trampoline right you get all your guys moving over to the same point on the trampoline your old jumping up and down together. You can go really high right but you're also going to all go down together and so you can you can see all the equity index based exposure did really well for a lot of these guys for most of the month and now they've got a lot of them or last couple days of really taking a beating whereas we are strategies are designed to acknowledge the fact that you need to be very have very strong confidence in your signals to give up on the opportunity for diversification. So we're explicitly bouncing off. The opportunity from increasing exposure to certain markets and certain signals against the opportunity to you know, lower the overall systemic portfolio Risk by using diversification. So that that really is the guts of how we think about the optimization. I think that that a lot of more traditional systematic firm spent a lot of time thinking about their indicators and their signals and their execution, but Maybe the portfolio construction is is a bit of an orphan that I think is a real strength of ours and I've been banging that drum for a while here. I think in order to survive a lot of classic managed Futures program said hey, we got to add long bias. We got to add more Equity exposure or else we're going to be flat to down 4% for eight years, right and then they assets leave so it was either change or die. So they've either explicitly or not added some of that exposure and it comes back to bite them from time to time. So how have you how did you guys manage that last, you know, because you're a long ball type program, right? Would you agree with that or not? I mean we've got we've got sort of forty percent of the risk budget is is designed to be positive convexity and then maybe 60% is sort of You don't have zero correlation to the equity beta strategically. So I wouldn't say we're necessarily long vowel biased think we're probably all neutral. Okay, so that was part of how you differentiate it and we're different over those what it's been a painful eight years for classic Trend followers classic volatility breakout type strategies that were struggling with Vol just getting sucked out of not just equities, but across all the asset classes. Yeah. Yeah, I mean fall is sort of omnipresent right? I mean it you can't kind of Escape it and it's it is a source of Premium. But the one of the objective is how do you kind of diversify away from just you can't you can't totally get completely away from it and also expect to generate a premium. But but you can diversify into other risk exposures and structural in efficiencies. He's that so you're not entirely relying on ball to deliver your performance that did really well over the last 10 years. Yeah, if you're depending purely on Trend and you require that ball and extension of a trend in order to make money Beyond a couple of weeks, then you're going to have a tough time with so the approach when using all these other factors that we use is that you know, yes, we portion of the portfolio may be suffering because Trend continues to suffer, but if you have these other very A non orthogonal uncorrelated Alpha streams that didn't suffer the same fate as Trend in the Futures Rena. Then you have a product that you're not necessarily going to get sold out. And so let's unpack. What are those different Alpha generators as much as you can share that you don't want it the all the IP out there. Well, I mean, I think we were we are presentations and stuff share the fact that we've got some Trend ensembles. Some carry ensembles and we think about Carrie I think in a some of our carry indicators are a little more traditional and others I think are very different and the ones that are very different are just as powerful as a more traditional ones, but they're worth Ogle. So they are really complementary in the portfolio in some of the other and I don't want to go to down this far down this path, but there are other Arbitrage opportunities are not pure Arbitrage, but that sort of regulatory Arbitrage and structural Arbitrage factors that have been extraordinarily steady profitable over many many many years and that we if you sort of look at simplistic versions of strategies that try to harness those In efficiencies, they they work but they're not attractive enough to really generate much attention, which is what we really love. We sort of try to Target anomalies or in efficiencies or edges that there have been some papers published on them, but not very many because they're not the original papers weren't very exciting. But if you just think about them in a slightly different way and you apply, you know Ensemble type thinking then what emerges is actually this incredibly powerful signal that you can't capture using traditional thinking but if you use the type of thinking that we bring to bear is fabulously profitable how very high Sharpe ratio and orthogonal to the other the other things in the portfolio. So it's I think that type of thinking is also Important part of our age it's almost like Google AdWords platform. You don't want to just compete on the highest and like you can want to find the really long tail keyword. That's not a lot of people are using that delivers to your business. Exactly and you're looking for large sustainable structural. Sometimes their regulatory rate-related willing losers. Those who are driven to make transactions that are not necessarily driven by sort of simple or pure wealth maximization. There is some other driver that's driving the behavior that forces them to make mistakes there for the mistakes are consistent and more reliable that are and they're happy to do it. So this is an interesting topic of the crescendo brought up where the other side is making a rational decision to give you money. Yeah. So I have that spurred some examples. We have some sort of an example. Sure. Let's take a simple example. I'm an advisor and someone gives me an order for an ETF and the orders before 9:30 in the morning and I'm obliged by The Regulators to make sure that market order is put in the market by 9:30 a.m. And that may not be the best time for that order to get executed and you you so that you say all kinds of Harry bars on certain different types of each as a simple simple example. so you can take that example of that simple riaa, which would be a small ledge and then think about that at an Institutional level when institutions are driving transactions where their main objective is not optimizing the transaction, but it's the speed of the transaction or an investment board who has to manage a number of domestic investment committee is managing a portfolio and they're making decisions based on that portfolio that aren't necessarily 100% wealth maximizing Or the or the requirement to hedge risk out the portfolio and being your pain and insurance premium by buying puts protecting the portfolio in certain times. This is driven by a committee committee. They're making a conscious decision that helps them. I thought you're going to say it's driven by a comedian that's going to end. Yeah, well kind of aspire and then the other side is able to provide the other side of what their needs are and so it is a ecosystem of You know winners and losers in different areas, but at the end of the day, it's their there in in a positive way. I'll give you one concrete example imagine that the you know, big due to banking regulations banks are required to square their duration book Square their treasury book and monitor a variety of other VAR related measures into the end of reporting season every month and every quarter. Now if you don't think that that impacts Bond returns around those dates, then you're probably missing something right. So there's one simple example of how the regulations impose behavior that is structural. It's not going away and is systematic and is profitable for those who are able to identify and harvested systematically just the carry trade is a structural example ultimate of sure. I mean, yeah. And Kari is it's been argued depending on the asset class carries can't can be kind of risk based because it hurts when it hurts when it hurts to hurt right sort of procyclical, especially on the currency side. But if you sort of put it together like traditional carry into a into a diversified portfolio you find it's not nearly so so risk-based and it becomes more of a sort of inefficiency. So yeah, I mean, it's it's hard to try and describe cause of Effect to a lot of these things is I think really challenging but you can sort of point to enough examples of where structural effects are identifiable that you can say. Okay these structural if I can identify these ones through some kind of narrative or some sort of cause-effect. Then there must be a wide variety of other ones that I can't see, but I can kind of harvest in the same way. And that comes back into some Game Theory and who's doing what they need to do. Why do they need to do it? Hmm, do they care if they're giving up the edge? Exactly and so are you guys consciously pressing on that game? Theory? Are you identifying the players identifying their motives or you're just seeing it in the price action? Well, I think probably it's mostly in the price action. But then if there's a thesis about why we might Expect to see behavior in the price action and then you go and sort of poke and prod and there's something there and then if you apply some of the sort of boosting bagging Ensemble type type thinking to it then something meaningful emerges from it, but you know, sometimes it's it emerges from the data. Sometimes it emerges from a thesis, but we're happy to come at it from either direction. The research team is actively trying to find these pieces. Only Jesus has these these these I these signs. Is there any machine learning or AI involved? I think we talked about that at some points before but where do you guys stand on that? Yeah, what's funny is I mean talk about the evolution of thinking right. I mean, I think we had an associate who worked with us about five years ago. And I remember him he was very enthusiastic about machine learning and I remember him saying we're asking you know, when are you going to start thinking about using some machine learning and I said to him we will never be using machine learning as a major source of information in our strategies and I think our thinking on that has well our understanding of what is meant by Machine learning and air quotes has evolved very substantially and my big caveat I was whenever I ask someone to use AI with the caveat that almost anyone who says they do they're really just Just talking about automation. Sure, not Pure Black Box the machines doing all the everything. Yeah, exactly. And I think certainly are the direction of motion for us isn't is in the direction of using the tools that fall out of the machine learning space to do a better job of finding and refining strategies and and portfolios and from a pure like Manpower kind of you can just process way. Or data points e yeah, there's there's that side of it and it's just a again without going too far into it. It's just a shift in thinking about what's possible with a different tool set. You know, like if you if you want to build a house and all you've got is a rock. Acts, you know, you're going to build a different house than if you've got a bunch of modern tools and I think it is that's really the week. We covered this extensively in a podcast. We did it was machine learning Pandora's black box or something like that and we go through the different looting two atoms tool analogy. So there are many different tools in the machine learning tool box. That effect and can improve the portfolio construction process understanding covariances clustering and so on that have nothing to do with picking better Futures. It's using a completely different area. And in that that tool said we have been using for years. Yeah, but everybody thinks of machine learning as can you can then can you stick it on the market and it will come back and find this magical equity line and what we show is that that's not the case that it really does continue to come down to the imagination of the individual or individuals who are working on the problem understanding that all the machine learning is doing Quinn trying to find Trends or trying to find some Alpha is finding patterns and the vast majority of those patterns are overfit and garbage and aren't going to actually work out a sample. So the big human aspect of to all of this is do you have a filtering or And system that truly works to only let in the patterns identified by the process that are going to work on a sample and that's really where a couple of our quants came from that space. I've been profiting in a bay substantial way using these tools as Quantum mental approach of using the machine learning to find better edges, but making sure that the filtering process is tight and that's really where the IP comes in in the machine learning space. And it sounds like you would always no matter what comes out of even that research process would come in front of a committee or have to be like, okay. Is there a fundamental reason behind this before we sick the computers on it? I think our thinking on that has evolved you got lots of stuff that we've got fundamental backing behind and I think we're we're being a little bit more flexible in our thinking how deep how deep do you want to go on the yeah. Well, I'll totally are we getting yeah exactly. Has every economic reasoning is simply a story. Yeah, and the stories get more and more complex to appease the complex thinker which again then comes into the AI scenario where you're going to talk to an investment committee and you're going to say we were running some AI in your Calpers pension fund. Why did it do what it did? We don't know and we can't tell you whether it does good or bad. So you tell me how many people are going to be? Really able to jump on that bandwagon now eventually when everybody's doing it they probably will but at the beginning there's likely going to be for thoughtful practitioners. There's probably going to be an opportunity there to provide some excess returns that's overlooked by others. And it really then from a business trip type perspective becomes how much like a Michael saying earlier how far into the future you want to go not just on this strategy development if it works it works but is it going to sell actually going to raise assets and a pure machine learning space so the truth is that from the institutional space they're not ready for a full on a ID you know there's no narrative there's nothing but you can use the tools in the other areas of portfolio construction and also you can apply machine learning to these factors to identify better ways of combining them right rather than just saying I'm going to grab the same universe and do a bunch of mean reversion strategies and I'm going to do it the same thing and just focus on carry or whatever you actually put all of those into a bag and let the machine combine them in ways that you get a pretty decent outcome so at the end of the day you're still based on fundamental understanding and that Persistence of those factors but you're combining them in interesting ways the other side of things and where we may actually launched a completely separate product is the We're just going to find patterns. I don't I don't when you look under the hood. You don't you don't even want to know what the indicators are but it works really well and it says zero correlation everything else and there is an audience for that. It generally tends to be really Advanced Quant based family offices. Yeah, and so that'll probably be the beginning of that side of the machine learning Evolution. You would have risk controls and and whatnot on it's not just going to be like, oh we're going on or percent purple Natural Gas. Importantly as well. That's right. So that's the future that's the evolution of evolution of evolution know and we see in our side of the world heavy interest in AI again air quotes AI investment strategies. They don't understand it. They think it's going to make everything better. Hmm. There was an interesting blog post been hunt. You guys know if I'm saying the markets a bonfire and its basic like you can't model a bonfire. Even the most sophisticated computer you couldn't recreate the so everyone thinks they can just get the holy grail and get the key to the clock or whatever but there's no such thing. So if I think as you're saying you can get you're AI mind to say, hey, I'm not trying to figure out the secret quote unquote secret. I'm just trying to pull a little pieces out of the puzzle. It's just it's a I thought your analogy on a better tool set. I mean, you know, you have a set of tools you're going to get you're going to get results. You have a different set of tools you have the potential for Better results different results part of the tool set is is finding tools to help explain. What what's going on beneath the hood, you know, I mean, it's I subscribe to the effect theory of decision making so the limbic system drives Behavior and the prefrontal cortex defends it right. So, you know, we all think about cause effect as if we take in information the prefrontal cortex. Is it like a computer and then we take some logical action from what falls out of that logical processing in reality? If you look at how the actual brain operates drives a decision or drives the behavior information comes in the limbic system reacts far more quickly, you act and then the cerebral cortex kicks in the neocortex kicks in and says this is why you did this right explains. The biological cover-ups non-stop. Exactly It Go create a Ariane why we did that. Yeah. And so I think we you know, you're going to create tools things are going to work on other things are not going to work. You're maybe not going to have a precise cause effect connection there, but you can tease out enough of probabilistic cause-effect narrative so that we can get comfortable and client can get comfortable but different clients are going to get comfortable with different levels of abstraction. Okay, so putting this all this package together things have gone pretty well for the firm for the program's. I think assets are close to all-time highs. Yeah, pretty much and you were nominated for some awards recently. Yeah. No, we were lucky enough to be nominated for four to the 15 HFM Point Awards recently 140 act fund and the other ones for the In Futures program. So we're pumping will see fingers crossed. It'll go announce it next month. We're our CMS nominated for a few things as well. So we'll see you there. Hopefully. Yeah, that's and we'll celebrate time for our favorites would do a little quick fire. And I also wanted to mention we're all low carb proponents here on this trip not in this not in Miami, but in our real life, I'm carbo carbo-loading carb cycling what? How'd you guys get to that place and is a kind of I like it because it kind of shows a discipline that also is needed in the marketplace. But there's yeah, I mean two seconds on your low carb aspirations. I started it years like it's been a long time. It's been more than yeah. It's just my body agreed with it. When I started reading up on it then halfway through I found keto the kitty genic diet and you know that's cutting out even more on this. It's a very Sighs you have to thread that needle really precisely for it to work for you. But I just found you cognitive abilities go way up your you don't you know that Lull in the middle of the day and you know body composition gets better everything just basically improve her for me and we were able to spread the love the workplace and try to get our partners to join us with a lot of resistance and Rodrigo are evangelists for things that they are passionate about and both have a real sort of coach. Seeing Dimension to them and so I think there when they caught on to something it's infectious and took me a while to embrace it and I fought it for a while and eventually thought I'd try it and it just magical. So we were mixing in a little fasting now to you've had some great results with the intermittent fasting. Yep, and a seven-day fasts as a pretty fun. It's too long. Yeah. Well, I think that so many years ago. Someone said something to me. That sort of stock which is here's a diet. You should try and personal say well, I can't do that or it's not going to work. It's not this or that it's like no hold on a second you do it and then tell me if it works do not listen to me. Don't listen to me get off your ass and do it and then you tell me what impact it had on you and so I think for us it's well, the carnivore died we've cycled in and out of that kiito's intermittent fasting. It really is a function of I'm going to do some eating and that can have some positive effects. It can have some side sideways effects. Why don't I just mindfully observe how I feel in different ways that I might eat and then think about how I would like to feel and then understand that what I can zoom from a food perspective will have implications on that so I should think about that and do some stuff and so we just Try a bunch of stuff and say wow, the the carnivore diet has some really interesting manifestations in your body that are amazing. It's really difficult socially difficult. I was talking to a couple people at the table last night about how fast and can be difficult socially. How do you match build it into your daily life? But the point is just try a protocol and see what it does for you. It's the old n equals one. You're one biological system. Sometimes these things work for people sometimes they don't but don't tell me just go and try it. I like and ties back to York want kind of roots, right? I'm like Hey, we're going to test we're going to try we're going to see that the results are then we'll make a decision and we have the lovely people say you're crazy. That sounds crazy. I'm like, it's crazy. I probably was not very popular. But when we started it was no leisure on it was no food was nothing there was no food. Now you can actually do it and get cookies and stuff at the time everybody thought we were Nuts I still want McDonald's to just nuts L like a bag of peanuts or something because that's your have kids you're going to end up at McDonald's and there's no there's nothing you got to prepare for sure. Yeah in that I put I wrote a personal blog once on this because I lost like 30 pounds going low carb and I think one or died like 10 points how to do this. And number two is like you're going to get made fun of yeah, because you're at a Cubs game and you're like eating a hot dog without the bun and people like, what are you doing? Yeah, but once you get Past that it's probably one of my superpowers to be able to be made fun of and not really thinking much about it. I'm not going to sleep. I think that's it. You guys want to leave any last thoughts or will put in the show notes links to the Pod and your white papers. And what are you can follow us on Twitter where Mike and Adam are pretty active on Twitter. So maybe give it your Twitter handles out. I'm at Gestalt you GST alt you I'm looking minor and I'm Rod Gordillo P Gordillo hot rod Gordy GOP. Yeah, you guys are active on Twitter and all the it's maybe one day they'll do a case study of like this is how you grow assets and become a professional right? I think it's been a great forum for discussion, you know, and I know that probably Adam takes advantage of that more than any of us, but it is just a great way to have a conversation about you know, it's refreshing. They're way too many managers, who are you mentioned of like trying to hide their IP so much that they don't want to give up anything or even engage in a conversation and it's kind of a bit of a galaxy brain to you know, like I came up with a just a kernel which we don't need to get into a car and idea and I I drew it out and I didn't want to bother my Quantum with it and I said, can you anyone give me a function that maps to this shape and I had 15 people write and say Yeah, this function maps that Colonel this function use this step function or this polynomial or whatever and it's just stuff that you this kind of wacky. There's always an expert that if you just put it out there that they're happy to kind of dig in and through also have to give in order to get absolutely a lot of people just get on there. They're like, how do I do this? Yeah. We're getting been getting a lot of traction. We did a miniseries podcast 12 episodes 50 minutes of Peace on a wide variety of important topics on portfolio construction one. That's a practitioners love that. And alligators that are getting to know us actually like listening to those because you can double click into and get the content behind it. I was I would say that that's called the resolves 12 days of investment wisdom. You can have it in any podcast listener. It's pretty I think it's a pretty neat collection of thoughts. I mean listen to it 2x speed you can get through it a lot. So it's like Game of Thrones. Once you do episode 1 you can't stop it. I sound way better at 2x I do to it. I know it just went you know, when content is thick in your that's how I know the Is really good one like two two and a half. This is not I'm not I can't follow supposedly Netflix is experimenting on watching it being able to speed up the watch. I watch all my utility told us not to I was in an hour. All right. Thanks guys. That's it. Thanks Jeff. Thank you. You've been listening to the derivative links from this episode will be in the episode description of this channel follow us on Twitter at rcml and visit our website to read our blog or subscribe to our newsletter at our CM ultimate calm. If you liked our show introduce a friend and show them how to subscribe and be sure to leave comments. We'd love to hear from you.