The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed. The prism I gave away this box of prism to one of the commenter's in my video a couple of weeks ago about 80s and 90s cards. I randomly picked a commenter and that winner was Thomas Coleman. Congratulations Thomas. This is being sent to you. But guys, I've got another giveaway this one though. First of all, this is a crazy giveaway select first off the line first off the line. Just got it from Panini yesterday. I am giving This way as well as a box of prism another sealed box of prism but only to my members in fact every month for my members. I do a monthly ask me anything live stream and it happens to be Wednesday night of this week. It happens to be Wednesday night at 9 p.m. Eastern time. If you are a member of my membership program join me for the live stream where I will be opening up both of these boxes and giving away every single Add in these boxes to my members who join me for the live stream and if you are not yet a member and you want in on the fun and the action and the excitement. It is only nine dollars a month to join or $99 for the year. You get an 18 percent discount if you sign up for the year and we do these ask me any things these livestreams and these giveaways just for members every single month to sign up simply go to sports card investor.com and click on the membership. Ink and if you sign up before Wednesday at 9:00 p.m. You'll have an opportunity to join the live stream and participate in this month's giveaway. If you miss that, don't worry because we do it every single month. I would be honored to have you as a member. But now let's talk about these cards that have been on fire and the entire sports card markets has been on fire and people have asked me, you know, the stock market obviously has had some challenges over the last week and you know, the Beasley the news of this virus and you know, there's some things that are not happening great in the world has it had an effect on the sports card market. So I went back and looked over the last week the out of the top 250 cards the top 250 most popular cards that I am tracking and my data 57% increase in price over the last week forty three percent decreased in price. That's actually consistent with what I have seen going back many many weeks. You know you have you're always going to have some cards decrease because for example football cards right now, we're decreasing because we're in the offseason. So we're seeing a decrease across the board with most football cards, but then basketball super hot right now baseball super hot right now. So I am not right now seeing any type of slow down. I am not seeing the stock market have an effect yet doesn't mean that it couldn't but right now things are hot. They remain hot. They've been hot and in fact in some ways. They're even heating up and I'll show you Some of the players that have been absolutely on fire and their prices are going crazy. There are so many new people coming to the Hobby. There are so much money flooding into this Hobby and a lot of you out there really interested in the investment standpoint. That's why you're watching this show the dollars and cents. How do I make some money? How do I make some profit off of sports cards? It is totally possible to do and if you bought any of these cards, I'm about to show you a couple months back you would be rolling in profit. Right now so let's take a look at these five cards. So first of all the first card I'm going to show you is the only guy who is a new rookie. And that is in basketball for the Bulls somebody who has been absolutely on fire for the last couple of weeks. I am talking about of course Kobe White and the reason why Kobe white has been on fire is because about 10 days ago. He became the first rookie to have back-to-back 30-point games in the history of NBA and he you know, he's gotten a lot of attention. He's and of course whenever an event like that happens where a rookie breaks a record and it is a scoring record in particular, right? That's what people want to see a lot of interest floods towards that player and his prices were low. In fact, let's take a look here. So Kobe whites. This is a the graph you see on your screen is going back 14 days ago. So if you went back to February the 17th Kobe White's prism silver Raw. 19 prism silver raw was selling for about eighteen dollars $18.50 $13 $21 and 62 cents $24. And then of course he exploded he had the incredible scoring run the back-to-back games and all the sudden his card shot up and now we're looking at $75 $77 for one of those cards a three hundred and nineteen percent increase In 14 days a three hundred and nineteen percent increase in 14 days. And that is one of the things that makes sports card investing so fun the fact that you could have literally bought this guy's cards in bulk 14 days ago for 25 bucks each and you could be selling them today for three hundred and nineteen percent increase. I mean, it's incredible and it's pretty awesome to see so that's that's Kobe white. Let's talk about another basketball player who has been Come the number one guy on his team. He is leading a team in the East and this year. He has really cemented himself. Let's see. This is his third year in the league and he has a really cemented himself as a true star all of us statistics have improved his scoring has gotten really good and really consistent and people are saying okay this guy this guy is a true Bonafide future All-Star in the league. I'm talking about of course for the Boston Celtics Jason. Tatum Jason Tatum's cards have been on fire this season and for good reason because he's done extremely. Well. Let's look at Jason Tatum's. Here's Jason Tatum's last 90 days of his prism silver 2017 PSA 10. So you see this absolutely Monumental climb on the graph and his cards just absolutely caught fire and they jumped literally they jumped jumped and jumped and jumped and jumped and jumped and jumped absolutely incredible. Incredible profit by the way before the season started. I did an episode where I told you NBA cards to buy this season and I said Jason Statham the number eight guy this year who I'm investing in Jason Tatum. The Boston Celtics are Jason Tatum's team this year. I mean he is going to be super relied on the Celtics should easily make the playoffs in the East the east as you know is pretty soft. They should make the playoffs just have a pretty decent record. And by the way over the The summer I did another episode where I talked about 12 basketball cards. I was buying big and I said Jason Tatum the number three guy from a value standpoint and the 2017 class Jason Tatum, you know, Jason Tatum's cards are already relatively high but I still think he represents good value. He's got a great career ahead of him. The analytics data is very high on what he's gonna look like in the next five years. I hope you took my advice and those episodes not just Jason. Adam has done. Well a lot of the guys I picked have done really well. But Jason Tatum in particular has done exceptionally well, so hopefully you stocked up on Jason Statham cards before the season started. If you did you are a very happy person right now now is now the time to sell that's a great question, right? He's had this incredible run is now the time to sell. Possibly so and I think Jason Tatum is a good long-term bet. I think he's only going to get better. I think the Celtics are a well-run franchise and they're going to continue to be relevant for years to come. So I don't mind Jason Tatum as a long-term hold but I would not be surprised if his car is cooled off some and I don't expect Boston to get to the finals. I don't think they're going to get past Milwaukee. So that would be the only way that I would really see his cards continue to go up and up. This year is a Boston actually makes it Finals probably not going to happen. Perhaps not a bad time to sell Jason Tatum or hold them for the long term and think that this guy is going to be a franchise Cornerstone for many years to come. All right, let's talk about that team that Jason Tatum and the Celtics could run into in the Conference finals for the East I am of course talking about the Milwaukee Bucks and their Superstar Giannis. His cards have been on fire this season. Absolutely on fire. Let's look at his 2013 prism basketball base PSA 10. That's what you're seeing on the screen here and it too has had this incredible increase in especially in the last few weeks. It's interesting. By the way that I just showed you Jason Tatum and I just showed you a Giannis and the rise in the last few weeks has been incredible. There is money flooding in right now to the Hobby that I don't even think was in this hobby a month or two ago. Some people are writing some really big checks. By up huge lots of these guys cards and to basically try to pull all of these cards out of the market. The prices are going bananas and I think money is flooding into the flooding in right now from an investment standpoint. So I mean look at this. Look at this giannios card, you know, these cards were around 545 $569. We had a little Spike there for a day around $600 though pretty consistently back in December and if we look at where they are today, these cards are selling for $1,800 $1,600 $1,800 $1,850 a two hundred and fourteen percent increase over the course of the last 90 days. This is a card that I was buying at last year's National and I am happy that I bought these cards at last year's National I bought about 10 of these at last year's National. I wish I bought more because look at that. It's incredible. The run that giannios has been on and how hot his cards have been now. Should you sell his car? It's no I don't think you should even though he's had this incredible run. He has the greatest likelihood to make it to the NBA finals and perhaps win a championship this year. And if he does that, I think his cards are only going to further increase the this is not a huge population count card. There's there's a lot of scarcity to it. So this is a car that if you own some like I do I am holding right now and anticipation that he's going to have a great run to the finals this year. Let's switch to baseball for a second. We've talked we've talked basketball here a little bit, but I don't want to ignore the fact that baseball is hot as can be right now and one guy I've talked a little bit about recently Ronald Acuna jr. His cards had been on fire this off season and let's take a look in particular at his 2018 tops update baseball PSA 10. Look at the pattern. Look at the pattern of the graph. It's the same pattern that we saw with Jason Tatum. It's the same. Pattern that we saw with Giannis the last few weeks the cards have gone crazy. I'm telling you there is money flooding and right now there are some investors out there who are writing some massive checks and buying these guys in bulk. I've heard that Gary V is behind some of this. I've heard that Gary Vee and his sports card company Edison sports cards is buying up some of these guys in huge bulk. And that's no surprise. Gary Vee has been talking about some of these players on. Sir and YouTube for some time. So it's not a surprise that they're doing that but I'm wondering if you know, he's Infuse some new money into this if there's other investors that have come on that have really started to put money big-time money into the hobby the last few weeks because you're seeing these absolutely incredible spikes and we're seeing it here with Acuna and of course Acuna hasn't played a damn game. He hasn't played a regular season game during this time period that he's had this incredible run up in prices, but we were looking at 90 days ago his top. Update baseball 2018 PSA 10 was somewhere in the neighborhood of $62. It went up to 96 dollars per day $73 $72 $71 $75 $81 and discard. The last few days is going for $166 a hundred and seventy four dollars a hundred and sixty three dollars a hundred and thirty-seven dollars. We're looking at a one hundred and fifty three percent increase at a lot of that within just the last few days. It's incredible what some of these cards are doing and of Course, we're leading up to baseball season. There's a lot of anticipation about what's going to happen this season and a guy like Acuna has an opportunity to perhaps go 40 40 this year. So I understand that there's a lot of hype and there needs to be because he's a great player but man that run up the last few weeks is really really something and then of course the final guy I'm going to talk about the goats. Well, maybe you think he's the goat or maybe you think he's, you know, go Junior. I don't know we're going back to basketball. And of course, I'm talking about LeBron LeBron. Once cards have been absolutely ridiculously on fire for actually the last many months for most of 2019 and now in 2020, his cards have been going up and up and up and up and up and up and up and I think what's happening is you've got a lot of people coming back into the hobby new money coming in and of course when people come in they want to go by the the premier player. They want to go by the guy who they've seen when all these championships and so they're going and buying LeBron and look at what has gone on and we're looking at LeBron. Bronze tops basketball 2003 based PSA 10. So this is just as base from tops in 2003 and PSA 10 and it has had this incredible rise, which has been pretty consistent throughout the last several months. But again in the last few weeks, we have seen this additional incredible Spike that has taken place these cards 90 days ago were $457 $485 $521 $530. 485 Ours and they are now 1218 hundred and sixty-six 20 2104. This is by the way a day over day over day leap. Like I'm talking I'm talking like literally you could go back to the beginning let you go back about a week ago and they were twelve hundred dollars the next day. They were once sold for 1866 The Next Day 2104 and then 2023 and 1825. So it's it's this meteoric rise, especially in the last couple of weeks. But the trend line on him overall has been very strong. It's a two hundred and ninety-eight percent two hundred and ninety nine percent increase over all over the course of the last 90 days, which is Amazing. By the way. I got it. I got to give a shout out to the guys on my Discord chat server because they have been analyzing the LeBron Card Market and I want to give a special shout-out to the to my admin card Optics on Discord chat server. He had done some really Savvy analysis about where LeBrons cards were going and he had some really great suggestions about what LeBron cards you should be buying because he was seeing what the market was doing overall and then he was Finding certain types of cards that hadn't yet caught up with what the market was doing overall and in the members only group within my disk or chat server. He was he was only sharing the information in the last few weeks with members in My members only channels and he was saying hey, you should think about this card you think about this card sure enough the card. He was recommending Has Gone Bananas in the last couple of weeks. He was absolutely right on point. That is the type of discussion that is taking place in my members only channels on my Discord. And if you join my membership program, you can be part of getting great advice like that. If you are investing in sports cards, it is honestly really worth your time. And your money nine dollars a month nine dollars a month to become part of this group of sports card investors who are exchanging great information who are getting great data reports for me who are getting card picks for me. And of course who are part of the ask me anything that's taking place Wednesday where I'm giving away boxes like these, so, please consider joining go to my website sports card investor.com and click on the membership link folks. I hope You enjoyed this episode. This was really fun to get a talk about these five cards that were absolutely on fire. I do these top five Tuesday episodes every Tuesday as well as other episodes throughout the week. So please subscribe. If you have not already subscribed, please click the Subscribe button on YouTube and click the little bell icon. So when you aren't you are notified of new episodes or if you are listening on the podcast Please Subscribe there, I love having you of assistance as a subscriber and it motivates me to continue to put out videos like this. Thanks so much for joining me on this top 5 Tuesday. I'll see you back in a couple of days with my next episode.