Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know.No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right now and also and sanitizers and soaps actually selling out all stores. Yes right now. Yes, so like I don't tell you my last video I did on the coronavirus. Yes, the scare tactics is in full effect, and it is working. Working against the people with low IQ May believe everything come from the government. We don't now I'm going to try to play this little news clip so you can listen so I could give you a little hint of what's really going on right now in the nose. As far as this coronavirus we go get into it a little bit and let it play and then we go this causes a little bit. Let's go with a news clip from ABC has played on set with morning. We heard Amazon say that is cracking down on price gouging. What are they doing? Exactly? So if you are a price gouger any Amazon catches you they're going to throw you off of Amazon. You're not going to be a seller there anymore. And so that's a pretty big consequence if you're trying to make money inside of Amazon and they have kicked about 1 million Products off not just for price gouging Lindsay, but also for false claims, there were a number of things right now on the internet claiming to be survival kit things that will keep see that people they have things that To be survival kids selling on the government website Amazon hear that. So I told you people this coronavirus. We don't know where it's going but it is a pandemic they're bringing to the masses. You understand me at the end of the day. You never know where they're gonna take this too with everything going shot. Everybody running to pick up water and everything pandemic. Yes. You never know what you're gonna be in that pandemic people. Let's finish play this right here. You forgetting coronavirus. A lot of that stuff is not the real deal. So you have to Very cautious of buying those things as well. So it's not the real deal. So that actually do have the real deal out there surviving kit coronavirus. I told you people this is where you're going right now. Yes, it is a pandemic they got for the masses and it is a trick. The coronavirus is a hoax. Nobody died from it. Let it run. How much money some of these items are being sold for and frankly if you are a consumer and you see that out there you can question is not if it's out there. The question is who the hell is buying it people who is gonna buy unsanitized of a hundred and seventy dollars. Who is that stupid in this world? I'll tell you who the people that take in the brainwash that the coronavirus gonna kill him and I already told your people. I did a video on it and show you that the coronavirus not even close to doing the damage that the flu already done this year and the flu already have a vaccine from day one. You understand me you get what I'm saying? Why would this so-called coronavirus cause a pandemic and it's not even half as dangerous as the regular flu. Or let them know that you saw that these products it's important to think locally in a situation like this. I actually went to a farm. This girl had to purchase some soap and they said we don't have it right now, but we're getting some in at 2 o'clock show. Yeah that people they went to purchase some soap. So people so now basically the add the word ed after so-called Health Organization do what you got to tell the people right now the message that you got out is what you tell you to wash your hands wash your hands by more Soap by more hands on it. I said that's what they're telling the masses. You're going to do that. I'm asking the people with brains. Are you gonna do that? You're gonna buy some soap by more soap and more and sanitizer because at this coronavirus hmm, you gonna line up in line to get it that don't make no sense. People. Are you gonna be a victim of price gouging this is dumb shit for the people pay attention again to go to the grocery store locally go to the pharmacies locally. They might not have it. when you walk in the door, but they can probably tell you when they'll be getting some more in and they are not going to be the ones price gouging because they're in the neighborhood to stay they on a day like this because they weren't there for them when they need it the most you're stupid. If you believe that people because frogs go price gouging is doing by the stores the regular Mom and Pops or Costco. They also do it every time they have a so-called crisis stuff go up. What do you think? That's the same price gouging they're doing on Amazon. You understand government trick for the people in good old days good old days. Thank you so much. So they will go people. So basically it's a panic mode going on and even in California where they have the so-called state of emergency. You see that all over the fake coronavirus people. So we go get about talking about it right now, you know get into it and you know, I need some people that you know, that that that all around the world people thats everywhere I need Need I need you after you watch this package right here. You can always go on and leave a message it go let you leave a voice message or you can even put it in text, you know any way in the world. I want your opinion and what y'all so seen around you as far as this coronavirus because we have to figure it out in this in this truth you understanding this troop movement. We have to we have to figure it out what really going on so people all over the world come together we can put it together and you know map it out because right now where they tell you that it really shut down basically either short right down so called because of the coronavirus a lot of places in England is definitely step up and so-called coronavirus detection. They're trying to detect it from every angle. He's everywhere people what we gonna do you're gonna be Panic. Also, you're going to be running around scared put on a mask. You can't touch your face no more. You can't touch nobody no more you Our goal for that you're going to buy otali so Polly and sanitizers and one thing you have to understand about those so-called and sanitizes the nothing but poison for the mass is one set seek into your bloodstream it break down your immune system. You understand so then you can fight off a little cold that's coming in as soon as you get it bam. You say you have the coronavirus because that's what they're pushing the regular flu kill almost 5,000 people almost 10 million people have it. In America alone. Nobody Ring the Alarm about it. Why not? Just shoot so the coronavirus don't kill nobody in America yet the last time the last time I checked so-called so Why would you be alarm about something that never killed nobody here and all these people dying from the regular flu and nobody said nothing. That's a strange thing right there people but why they're gonna Buzz about the flu right now and their so-called have a vaccine for it. No, they're not gonna bother about the flu hit buzzing about this coronavirus so they could also get a vaccine for that. You understand so they could pump more poison in your body to make sure it gets done. What What I put it there to get done. You understand kill your faster break your body down. That's what the damn vaccine do. And of course they already tell you they close to create a vaccine for the back for the so-called coronavirus. You believe that hmm, don't you people this is what we're dealing with right now nothing but lies you'll get from the government people. That's it. And those are the ones you have to look to in Crisis crisis is out of your hands out of your neighbors and out of your family hands basically out of your reach to basically solve the problem. So you look to the government and of course, they have the election going on. You never know people the amount agenda. They're gonna bring up in this so-called election. Just watch out. The coronavirus is a big part of it. Just wake up now we here yes, and we go do this in sections or we go get to it. And break it down talk about it some more. Yes. I miss mold bit of Truth. Yo with the old Smaug. Yeah, we gonna break for a commercial and take it in people because at the end of the day any commercial you see me do on this platform It Go be something that can not get that to can work with you understand something that that you useful that useful as far as what we're doing right here. Yeah, so taking the commercial with the anchor you understand get that app. Yes. We are back. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah we back on. Yeah, Macon with the bitter truth. Yeah the podcast version. Yeah, and I we were talking about the so-called coronavirus. Yeah, the scare tactics that they got 40 people and I told you that it working it working 100% You can tell by all the people moving around you everything slowing down. The pandemic is in full effect. Right now, yes people just believe me. You're seeing it with your own eyes. It is a pandemic. They got planned with this coronavirus and I'm not gonna stop talking about it and days until they stop talking about it pushing you down the people. Yes, you have to know it is a hopes people is just a scare tactics and like essay using fear as a weapon chopping up the damn people. That's what they do people. Listen to me. It is a scare tactics. I'm nobody around you're gonna have that coronavirus. You cannot don't nobody that got it and don't be scared at all those people. Yes, because you see them coffee now having a little sniffles don't be thinking people got the coronavirus. It is a fake 100% fake week. They bring to the people calm your mind people. You know, it's a distraction in this satanic hurt the pandemic you understand just ease your mind. You don't need to go into Panic mode because of this crap right here you understand. Yeah. Yeah stay with the Mac be the true. Yeah, and you already know I keep you right there in that right direction. There's no way this coronavirus was real and the mag bam gonna tell you that it's fake. You understand me. Just remember that shit. Once I tell you is fake. It's 100% fake. You can put your money on it that you would never catch it here you understand. Nobody and that's what are you leave me a little message a little end has already seen all the places that get to listen to this this podcast why you on this is basically a lot of countries, you know what I mean over 20-something countries. Yes people listen to this mag podcast right here. So yeah anybody that's around the world put your little bit in support the mag right here like, you know giving me some information. Nation and give the people some information. I will even play it and my next podcast, you know what I mean? Go on ahead and drop a little and let me know what's going on in your area and your country, you know, based on this coronavirus. Yeah, we know what it is. Yeah, we're not falling for it. You understand leave that to the dummies to be Panic, you know being panic mode Ro you about water water running out of the store. Hand sanitizers and so we're not going to worry about price gouging or nothing because what we are awake, okay, you know what? I mean? Nobody that's awake shouldn't be running around trying to get an sanitizer. You understand. Hmm and soap. Okay. Yeah. Yeah and I told you a limit the amount of salt that people can buy to show you that they are dumb. The people is stupid line up in Walgreens. To go get em sanitizer and they tell you look we're not going to give you certain amount. You can buy ya a restriction on it. That's all they do it people the crisis on our because at this coronavirus and like I was telling you earlier about the so-called California county are LA County where they say they basically gonna have a shot down. You understand. Yes. Mmm state of emergency and you know what, It is people and I tell you look out fight to happen in more States. So you tell me one person one single person detected in one state and you shot down the whole state. Hmm. Remember people are coronavirus barely got a symptoms tell you you're barely gonna see any symptoms like cough. Hmm. Yeah, and then you go to flip over and I think again the Coronavirus Virus is a hoax. Yeah, like I said government Scare Tactics using no fear as a weapon. That's what they use on the masses. Yeah. Yeah cutting through your heart every chance. They get Mmm Yeah, so we not falling for that and I'm gonna play a little new skip for you in a little bit with the so-called state of emergency just to get your idea what they're doing in this world and I already told you and Hammock in full effect. Let's watch s why it s let's listen to this clip right here. Let's play it alarm bells ringing tonight of the coronavirus outbreak in this country as the number of dead Rises more confirmed cases tonight in New York and Los Angeles were now Port worker on the front lines of stopping the virus has spread as been infected officials are cautioning yet at people somebody that was there in place to stop it from spreading. They got it. Also just like that tell you that the doctor from China yes come down with it and also die don't believe them people. It is a hoax. It's a worldwide government trick for the dumb people all over the world. They're gonna buy it and most of those countries that you don't know what's going on in there. Those are the countries are going to basically come out with the most coronavirus victims like China China, Japan Korea those places that you don't know what's going on in To begin with you understand they tell you the noses of press coming out of China and also Korea, but you're gonna take news from them about the coronavirus. Okay demand and how they should interact with others going for worry about while in the hardest-hit area near Seattle the sobering warning to those over the age of 60 over the age of 60. So this area that they're talking about right here in Seattle. I want You know how many people I have it people how many people have it in Seattle make it's a big fucking thing in Seattle. You don't make no sense Turkish Miguel almaguer tonight in the region of 10 million people a year that people 6 people have it 6 6 out of 6 million. Wow. And it's time to panic. What do you need to ask them right there? How many people have the flu in that same state? How many people have the flu since the here this year? How many people died from it in that same area that are buzzing about now. I think that would be a good question and a good time to ask that question right now. Normal and shakes no more hugs. That's the solution don't shake no more people hand Don't Hug. Nobody else just an sanitizer and soap try to keep Between you and other people that you don't know speed they six feet from people that you don't know and they are called it all Co did they give you people don't believe in this right here. This is a hoax and the more they coming out and the fire that go with it is the more see that it is a hoax. Yes, the higher the monkey climb. The more is has expose. You see what I'm saying? Let them keep going and going and going with this coronavirus is only taken from to me. It's a damn hole. Danelle a federal contract employee reported last month contract employee. Yes, it got something to do the federal government the same people are pushing this hoax. Okay in LAX move here to expose passengers and what working without symptoms. We others also sick who walk in without symptoms that mean he got the coronavirus and you show no symptoms. No symptoms in something that gonna kill you. I don't believe that people. What is it coronavirus doing to your body and you can feel it. You can't get no symptoms and anything that gonna kill your people anything that than a kill you right there and it got to do something to your body that you're gonna notice you think you can do that drastic change in some buddy-buddy with a coronavirus the way you described it and you telling me there's no symptoms. No symptoms. You just gonna flip over and die. So what is your testing far? If you can have no symptoms how you're going to detect the coronavirus by scanning somebody head with a thermometer you believe that people at temperature fucking gauge dumb on recently traveled to the virus could quickly impact vulnerable homeless populations in cities. Roswell is today the first eleven Fatality and we go leave it right there people just 11 people died from the coronavirus. Do I have to refresh your memory how many people died after flow this year alone over 4,800 already died. You understand over 35 kids involved in those debts. 10 million people almost have that coronavirus have that that flew you understand in America that tell you something is 60 something people have that coronavirus in America. What should we be Panic about you tell me before the flow or The Soca coronavirus. That guy has no symptoms. It makes no sense people. That's just dumb. Yeah. Come on people come back home. Yes. You're using your brain yet. It's time you listening to the Mac been a true. Yeah. Yeah, you're at the right place. Of course. Yeah, so people get together man come together and come up with a solution. We gonna figure it out. That's why I say reach out to the mag any way you act in the world. Leave me a message. Let me know what the situation is that you can see not the nose. Don't come tell me what the new saying. I don't want to hear it. He understand don't tell me what the news saying because we only debunk it what the new saying don't come and say oh man, they got two deaths over here because you see it on the nose. I want you to confirm stuff stuff that you can confirm. That's what I want to hear about. You know what I mean? We don't want to hear about stuff that own. Somebody knows somebody who knows somebody who knows somebody know that somebody knows somebody again that got it. You know what I mean? If it's closed. Let me know somebody that You know that have the coronavirus are you know, somebody said that somebody down the street. I have it even that you could tell me you know what I mean? We can look into that and see if it's if it's credible but like I say nobody around you're gonna have it at that's what I'm saying. So if you want to know if the mag is a truth, that's all you know, go ahead and find out if the coronavirus is 100% fake if it's real you can see you understand, of course. Course just do some homework. That's what you gotta do. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, and this is a Thursday edition of the Mac be the truth podcast. Yeah. Shout out to all the family bam family. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What's good Angie? Uh-huh. So we do it. Yeah and we go get into it. But like I say, I'm just trying it out, you know playing with this pack has a little bit trying to Figure it out. You know, I like I said just get that anchor and then you can tune in any time the my podcast. You know what I mean? Yeah, give the YouTube a break. Yeah. Yeah, you take the mag work for granted. There you go. He's running real thin people. Yeah, they don't like the bitter truth. So what do you think? Mhm. Yeah, so we find another platform to discuss what we're talking about. Out and break down some things and like I said, I'm just started. So just be patient with the Mac. I'm going to get it right where we could present a nice, you know show on this on this platform, even though it's no video, you know what I mean and smart people can listen and understand, you know, if you call yourself smart, you're supposed to be able to be doing something, you know listening to this right here and get what I'm saying. That's just how it is people Mmm Yeah. A lot of don't people have to see stuff to understand it. No, we can listening. Also understand. Yeah. Yeah, that's the plan. Mhm the shout out to all the people at down with the bitter truth. You know how I feel about you what respect nothing, but love all day. Yeah on the next show gonna be on Saturdays. So y'all need to turn in we will be here. Yes and another topic. And we go discuss. Yeah, and like I say just interact with the Mac to this message. That's why you get the anchor up and tuned in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So appreciate everybody for coming to yes another smooth breakdown. I didn't make them. Yeah. Yeah on the podcast is in full effect. Yeah, we get new ways. Yes to do this why we getting Yeah, you should job. Yeah, and another radio show with the bag. Yes, but I'm not on the run, but I'm gone.