We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country the Chevy and hello, welcome back to be on the show room podcast. I am your host Mike Davenport. I'm here with my wife. Hello. All right - the thing Andy no tell people your name is, you know people who are not watching. Watching the stream and listen to the podcast in their cars or on their dogs or the f is this is this is our second one, right? We'll get better. Everybody gave us great comments last week about how great it was and you know positive stuff that this was our first one and it looked really good. So and I keep you on task do keep me on task. That's very very helpful. So this week's podcast and live stream live streams on Tuesday nights at 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. Then podcasting audio uploads are going to be at I believe one o'clock Eastern time on Thursday. So I'm going to push them up there. So let you guys tell me if you want to miss CM at a different time, but we'll do it at the same time every week uploading them to the podcast software's little bit of behind-the-scenes work to do on that to get them all out there on the podcast. You want to text in your questions during the week or during the livestream. It's 5:02 nine. Oh nine five one, nine two five. Oh two nine. Oh nine five one. Nine to my name is Mike Davenport. One of the top salespeople in the country for Chevrolet top Corvette. Salesman. I actually sell more Silverados and I sell Corvettes but everybody knows me for Corvettes and this week's topic is all about credit. So some of the things that go on every single February every single March is the fact that people are buying cars with their tax refund You by ever bought a car with your tax refund. Do I get a tax refund? I don't know. I don't work now. You don't work you're doing your this is a job, right? Yeah, but you don't pay me. Yeah, you know, no I guess I don't do I know I haven't had a tax refund and well, let's see. I haven't worked in at least six years. Yeah. Yeah for sure and those those taxes didn't really help us help much. No so so but so know so a lot of times people definitely go after and the information I heard because Not into the tax refund bracket, unfortunately, or fortunately whichever way you look at it, but that stuff's been delayed. And this is why this video has not been pushed out at the end of January or the beginning of February because it seemed like that towel child income tax returns have been delayed and whatnot. So so with that being said, I wanted to come out and do this tax refund sale the scams to look for things to do when you have bad credit stuff like that and you might be As that I might tell you to not buy a car with your tax refund car salesman. Tell me not to buy a car. That's smart. Well, is it ever Smart to say not to buy? I don't know. It's may be honest is definitely a case by case basis really so so getting getting into this there's a couple different types of credit scores. So there is a FICO score which 90% plus Banks and credit unions and lenders out there used to determine if you are credit worthiness if they're going to loan you money or based off of you know, what type of right You're going to pay and you know, the you know the other. the other type of credit score there is Crickets, very good. So in that bottom purple one this one there we go crickets have that one. I know so it's called the vantagescore. Most people don't realize that there's all these different types of credit scores out there. There's vantagescore. There's FICO score and Van score is only used by about 10% of the lenders out there to determine your credit worthiness. Well with that being said, We'll be close to 100 percent of consumers who look at their credit report are looking at the Vantage score and it's not the right score to look at when it comes time to see a hey, I've got a 700 score. I got a 650s credit score whatever the case may be incredibly Karma and companies like that use the vantagescore use a Venus core exactly. Yep. So they use that and there's a vast difference between out there. So the kind of give you an idea and a rundown on this people with a 302 a57 nine credit score, which is a very poor writing to 16% people in the fair category, which would be 582. 669 is 17% people in the good rating, which is 672. 739 is 21% And then very good 742 799 is 25% and exceptional FICO is saying 800 850 is 21% So but on auto based FICO score, they actually go up to 900 so Pretty much anything over 800 your got exceptional credit score and your golden old man, I whatever you want probably could lie about your application if you have a job or don't have a job or don't make money. Do you make money? You know, it's it's crazy what they look at so really similar stuff with the Vantage score Sylvania score. 300-499 is 5% poor credit 500 to 600 21 Fair credits, 13% 601 to 660 and then 661 to Seven 80s 38% is good. And then the vena score 781 to 850 is 23 percent. So they're really tells you about both of those looking at those you're still looking at over well over 50% of people having good credit in this nation, but that still leaves a vast majority of people to not have good credit. So Peter just asked is $4.99 a good rate on a new car. It is a good rate on a new car. Depending on your credit. So Prime right now is usually in the force. Can we get in threes? Absolutely can somebody so he's gonna be out for their. Oh II can get 2.99 at my credit union, right? I get it everything I do and talk about with with interest rates and credit scores and stuff like that that it's not it's not set in stone. It's not not something that we have to go by or what not. It is simply to go off as a informational piece. So with that being said, you know, everything is a case-by-case basis. It's not something that we can set there and go through the through the process and be like, well, Mike said it was this or I listened to this person and said it was this, you know, it's everything's case-by-case basis. Well and your bank's going to determine what your interest rate is when you purchase anyways, so it doesn't matter what is put out there because once the bank look at Credit score. They're going to sit there and say well this is what we what we want out of you. Yep. You're absolutely right forearm. And do you know I don't know if I really talked to this much about around you but you know what I tell people or tell the kids how to use like Credit Karma or third-party reporting agency how to use huh? What's the proper way to use that informational you're dead on good job of crickets this time. So so just good information to keep an eye out on You know, basically if for some reason something hit your credit report that shouldn't be you can know that ahead of time and take care of it and handle immediately and it just happened to me. It's something popped up on my credit report. That was not mine. Apparently another Mike Davenport or something, but I handled it the next day. I popped up on a Sunday and I'm like, what is this and Monday morning 8:00 at nine o'clock. I was calling this company and they're like, oh this isn't you we'll take it off on our next update. And I'm like, okay, so you're not going to show it as paid or disputed you're going to like literally just deleted off my credit report, right? Yep. Okay, so I got I contacted these people got their names got all their information all that stuff and it took 30 days, but it got off and I wasn't really worried about it for 30 days because nothing was going to happen with my credit score for 30 days, right? So now I got a Corvette coming and I'm going to be using credit to finance that car. And so that was my concern and I was my It was my concern I addressed to them but I knew for 30 days back in January that my car was going to be here in January. So it wasn't too big of a deal because courts didn't start production until February. We all know that yeah, there are plenty of other Mike Davenport's out there. You're the only one that puts herself out there on the internet. Hey, you have a customer named Mike Davenport idea. That's right if we almost forgot so let's talk about get into the subject a little bit more depth with that intro into the credit stuff and whatnot some tips and tricks to look for in the event that you have at 650 or below credit score really 650. You're probably going to get good financing terms not have too many problems stuff like that, but certainly 610 in the 500s less than that. There's there's something Watch for there's some things that you can get in some big trouble with and I think my personal opinion is is to keep away from a buy here pay here a lot. Right use a Buy Here Pay Here lot as an absolute Last Resort. I mean, that's absolutely yeah. I mean a lot of those places they don't report to your credit report. They don't help you because they want to enable you to stick with them. They want to enable you to stick with that Twenty-One twenty-two twenty-three percent interest rate. So I've only sold cars in, Kentucky. In Indiana, that's only things. I know 21% interest rate is the max that you can put into in, Indiana and Kentucky. The max you can do on a new car loan is 18% I believe is the number and then 23 22 percent on a used car. So but there's there's States out there. There's like 35 percent 80 percent they can do whatever they want in some states. It's crazy. So those Buy Here Pay Here places. They want to have you come back. They want to repo that car from you and then sell that In car back to you get some more down payment all that stuff. So and then also kind of shy away from those independent dealerships that are focusing on credit credit repair focusing on people with bad credit and you can kind of tell those with a lot of their tones. A lot of their tones are like, hey $1 delivers $49 due at signing, you know, your signatures your your audit, you know your down payment. Yeah, no matter what your credit we can get you bought. Yeah. No, $3,000 over your trade. Use. Your tax money is a refund we're going to finding it will do your taxes for you all that stuff those those things are like huge signs that they're going after the the market of subprime lending and the subprime lending is a huge market, right and you can do it. Ethically you can do subprime lending, ethically and a big another big sign of those independent dealerships that are focusing on subprime credit. Would be the dealerships that do not post their pricing and I say this all the time do not buy a car from a dealership that is not post their pricing online. If you have to put your information into their website prior to getting information on the car on the pricing anything like that, you might as well just go somewhere else not against independent dealerships. I got a lot of friends who are independent dealerships and they do fantastic jobs, but they do it, ethically They do it professionally and they they transparent they're transparent on their pricing and whatnot. So you gotta be careful. Those are some things to look for and to be careful and to make sure that you don't walk down that rabbit hole and whatnot. Another one is you can get pre-approved right you can sit there and go to Capital One and get pre-approved. This Capital One is a great subprime lender. There's some pitfalls of going to Capital One to doing that because if they approve you and you go in and you And other stuff they're not going to be any lenience on it. So you can find a Capital One Diamond dealer and go straight to Capital One. And none of the people that I talked about our sponsors. They're not paying me. This is again my personal information that I have from working 20 years into a car dealership and working every single day with people with 400 credit scores with people zero credit score people with 800 credit scores nine hundred credit scores, all that stuff. Somebody says if they don't have Have the sale price available but have the payment the problem is with that is they're going to possibly be ballooning the actual price it just because the payments where you want it. So if you want a four hundred dollar payment and they can make that happen, but you may be paying $30,000 for the car because you're doing what six years seven years, you know, whatever they're trying to get payment at. Right right and just so you know $30,000 cars me like a 600 page. No, I'm just with excellent cry and just throwing numbers out. This is what's this is what's great, right? This is what we talked about last week is is you know, I do this every day I live and die by this and you live through it by curiously through me but you don't know the ins and outs and all that stuff, but that's but that's good because a lot of consumers don't realize that that's going to happen. And then you throw subprime Market into it that 600 are payment on a $30,000 car is going to jump up to 800 850 maybe 900 payment depending on interest rate. So if your subprime you shouldn't be able to afford that type of payment that's not necessarily true because there's it's amazing that you have people with no making 10 15 $20,000 a year or a month and they don't pay their bills. See I've seen I've Seen It All I've seen it all and that's just crazy it is and I also want to make sure that that people understand that I don't look at anybody in any different ways because their credit score I don't talk down to me but I'm not making fun of anybody in any way shape or form. All this information is Things that are that I see that I see daily and and I love doing this and I love showing people the right things to do and how to do it. But so there's really there's really like two or three things to be ready for when you're wanting to buy a car if you have subprime and the number one thing is you got to be open minded. You have to be open-minded. I see so many people walk in to a dealership and they have blinders on and they're like, I want the Silverado and I needed at $400 a month. Month and it just it's impossible. You can't do it. So you you talk to them and you find out that they just walk out of the dealership because they're mad because they're so close-minded and they have this goal in mind and whatever they've done in the past doesn't warrant them to buy the vehicle. They walked in on and guess what they're not being there still being open-minded. These don't realize it yet because they're walking out of the dealership to go to the next dealership and find something else and next thing, you know, they go to a Dealership and they look at a charger or something, you know, and they're like, oh we like that charger. We were just over at the Silverado the Chevy store looking to Silverado, but we really like that so wrong because we're all visual people as human beings. So do you have any idea on what three goals would be to be open-minded just one of them three goals down one of the three goals to be open-minded when you walk into a dealership if you have subprime credit. And where's the Crickets again? Alright, so the the three three things that you want to keep in mind is when you're being open-minded walking into a dealership is one we want to get good reliable transportation. So that's first and foremost. Oh you're talking about those three things that you always tell every customer can now do you know see you know that I asked the question wrong was it my fault open-minded that means being open to anything not Set goals. So basically you want the three goals to getting a vehicle when you have subprime. Yeah credit. I'm just glad you didn't blame me for asking this a Franciscan that asking the question wrong. It's always your fault. So yeah, so get you know, our three goals for being open-minded is is get reliable transportation. That's first and foremost is to get that reliable transportation because that that reliable transportation allows us to do our family things most Lee gets us to and from our job to pay for bills and to make money for our family and stuff like that and then allows you when you're open-minded allows you to stay on budget much easier that you know you I think you said I think you said it perfect, you know, $30,000 car former dollars a month people just don't do the math. Right and then and then it also most importantly it rebuilds credit. So one of the things that I always tell people is very open heartedly and open just being candid about It is when you pay your bills, you tell me what to do as a salesperson when you don't pay your bills. I tell you what we're doing and that's just based off of my knowledge of what the banks are going to approve what the banks are going to do all of that stuff and that's super important again to be open-minded about it. So with that being said, you know when you walk into a dealership and the number two thing would have Equity into it and I just saw someone say this they said 25% so Ed on number two great number 25 percent bare minimum 10 percent. Okay, so you got to realize when you're buying a car that you may have five six seven eight ten percent in taxes and fees that goes over and Beyond the purchase price of your car. So now you've got a car that's $20,000 in you're adding six percent sales tax on that and the dealer fees and tap title fees and stuff like that. You don't put any money down and people want to blame us is in car dealers of why they're screwed over. They have negative equity. It's not us. It's you. It's you that didn't put the money down to put yourself in Ecuador position. You're already going negative in the hole when you buy a depreciating asset and then you're adding on sales tax tag title license. And so now you've losing ten twenty percent in value on a car but you've added 6% or 7% or 5% So question for you. Can I borrow $20,000? Who are you? What's your name? Do I know you? What are you doing in my house? I would like to buy a car if you're buying a $20,000 car need 20 Grands hundred percent down Alice. No. No, that was good. I 20% down. I'd like $100,000 car. Yeah, so the I'll find you a good salesman to work with okay. Yeah, I need a good salesman. My last one didn't bother to show me the car at all just said here you go. Yeah, which car was that? That was on the Corvette Corvette? Yeah, I made you drive off the showroom floor not having to drive a stick for a while. And yeah heads driven a stick and what probably 15 years only raise yourself. Don't say that number and you made me sit there and drive the Corvette right off the showroom floor, but and put gas in it. Oh, yeah. I did make you please. You could even bother to put gas in Oaks. I didn't want to drive it. I was doing it was a surprise and oh is this where you say? It's my car. I made that mistake. Yes. So back to the equity thing. You're supposed to keep me on task. We got off tangent there. So back to the equity thing, you know, 10% down would be the absolute minimum down and you know, if you don't have money down and you walk in to buy a car, okay, I get it. I understand hundred percent. But but we're again we're talking subprime. So 10% down is a huge number. And that only gives you three or four percent equity right there and you don't really have any Equity but that only gives you a three or four percent buffer of equity 20% down is a great number 25 percent down as it was said earlier in the comments and tastic number anything above that is only good for you. The reason we want to do that is the it allows you to get better approvals it excuse me. It allows you to get approved. It just simply playing the sympathy. As you get approved with the with the money down, it makes the bank's blind. Sometimes I've gotten a 400 credit score bought on a car because they had a huge amount of money down and and there and the banks were just blind. It's crazy how the banks do that. So allows you to get better terms. So having maybe maybe you're on a little bit older car. Maybe you're on like a seven or eight year old car typically speaking. Sometimes the banks don't know. Let you do 24 30 months 36 months, which would make your payment really really high. So with that being said if you've got that money down, maybe they'll let you go 48 months because you're an equity position and that allows you to have that lower payment. So you better you better terms. So also allows you to get a better car. So say you got three or four grand down. So when you look at a $10,000 car, it's 30% 40% down, right so but You can look at that $15,000 car because those 10,000 our cars are usually higher mileage 8090 hundred thousand miles. So now we look at that $15,000 car that maybe have 30,000 miles. So do you think having that three and four grand down you can do the math on that other $15,000 with it what that three and four grand down is do you think that puts you in a better position to have a car with 30,000 miles rather than a hundred thousand miles because then you don't have to worry about maintenance. You don't have to worry about something breaking down. You don't have to worry about after. Expenses does allow you to buy a warranty typically with a 30,000 mile car and then most importantly number for allows you to trade early. So maybe we're being open-minded. Right and you did not get a pic the car. I had to pick the car. So but you don't like that car but it gives you good reliable transportation. It allows you to build your credit get you, you know get you into a payment you can afford and so now you don't like that car, but you want to get out of The typical car dealership would say I'll just come back and see us in a year will trade you out of it. That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard in my day and my wife it's a it's a scam to fraud. You. Can't try out of a car in one year assuming you're just going to make all your payments as schedule your to make 12 payments right really early in the making of ten payments because you have 30 to 45 days of your first payment typically speaking. So so really going to make ten to eleven payments and there's no way that you have the equity position. So my my take on what Do you think what do you think the position should be for someone to trade? How much how much should they pay their loan down? Well, if they're not wanting negative equity to be trading into something else, you know, at least 50% 50% is good number. Yep. I agree with that. So I think I think you get to the 60 percent range 60% of your payments, you know, you can kind of look to see We're a three year old car. So you're buying that you thousand twenty Malibu see what a 2017 Malibu is on wholesale and Retail and be like, okay. Well I if that car is worth 10 grand. I need to take my payments to 10 grand. So if you're doing a $20,000 Malibu, okay. Well, I need to pay this car off to $10,000 before I trade because that's going to have us kind of breaking even and you always got to kind of look at the trade-in value because again, I always like to over over estimate and I guess maybe I'd be underestimate. But I like to just make sure that I have a buffer in everything I do I don't ever want to tell anybody something then have to backpedal in my day to day to day business and say oh wait. Hey your payment's 500 bucks. And then I have to come back and tell and 520 if I tell him 520 payment in the payment of $500. We have a positive conversation if I tell him 500 of 520 payment if I tell them at 500 payment it comes out to 520. Then we have a negative conversation and then the wheels go start going off your head is this guy trying to scam me? What's the deal here? The unknown happens and The unknown happens you hit the brakes and you make sure that you're doing the right thing which it was just a simple mistake, but there's no simple mistakes in the car business people think which was good. So along with that every every special finance manager subprime manager out there is going to love me for this you have any idea what it could be? I'm in this body so many times so so that is bring your documents. Bring your bring. Your documents is huge for subprime stuff. So if you're doing subprime stuff and you want the easiest possible way to do things bring documents with you. See we're on a topic. I am not the most familiar with yeah, so I know this is great now I'm over here just being crickets. All right, so, you know documents that are absolutely so important with subprime deals is having all of your information up to date doesn't matter. If you moved yesterday or move six months from now a year ago, whatever the case may be six six months ago, not six months from now six months ago year year from a year ago. I can't talk now, but we're gonna say something. Yeah. Okay. I was just waiting to find out what you're trying to say spit it out. Outro I promise you so just have all your stuff up to date. So because a lot of the banks will look want to see that stuff and they want two things up to date and most importantly when you go to the DMV and stuff like that. All that stuff has to be up to date have, you know po I stands for Point of Interest that's a good one. But now in the car business BPO eyes in the India car business that would be proof of income could also stand for proof of insurance, but typically speaking po I is proof of income. So bring your PO I with you have access to your pi po I is going to be your most recent paycheck stub not one from six months ago. Not one from two months ago your most recent paycheck stub that you have if you change jobs or your company changes payroll companies have This year to us that change the payroll company this year. Make sure you have your last paycheck stub of the old payroll company in your most recent with the new payroll company that could that could mean the difference. So you want to make sure that you have all the information up to date and then also bring your PO I with you if you're a 1099 employee or you get some type of government subsidizing come social security income child support stuff like that bring proof that happens. Typically that's bank statements. It's going to be 3 Or four months bank statements not go into your checking account and put in print out the Ledger that you have. They're going in downloading your three or four page documents printing those out and bring in those with you three months four months is huge on that stuff because the banks do make you prove it. If you tell the bank that you make $2,000 a month. They're going to say prove it and or there over the dealerships not going to get funded with that and then also most importantly have some sort of bank account. A Green Dot Money Card not going to work, you know, those those money card. You can buy at the Kroger store or Walmart or whatever not going to work find some sort of bank account and I understand that not always with subprime Market that they can have bank accounts, but you need to figure something out. Make sure that both names are on it spouse spouse whatever whoever is going to be on the car loan. He's Beyond it and show proof of income because the banks may say let's just see the statements and that's going to save the day. It's going to make things so much easier. So in one of the biggest scams that you have in the subprime market is the yogi alone. You know you alone is I know I should know it but it's not coming to me right now. What does Yo-Yo do it bounces up and down and down right? So when you have a yo-yo up here like this and you throw it down and for the people listening to those some making a yo-yo motion, so I think you give it so you throw the yo-yo down. Kind of hangs down there for a second, right you pull your hand back up in the yo-yo comes back up, right? It's supposed to supposed to maybe think I've ever made a yo-yo actually work properly. So, you know, so yo, yo loan is exactly that soyou loan is when the dealership gives you a car says congratulations, you're approved go. Tell your friends post it on Facebook. Give me a good review blah blah blah blah blah. Go ahead and you're going to say something I can tell is this one they call you back and make say oh, I'm sorry the bank did not approve you and you need a cosigner or you we need to get you in a different vehicle or we need to do this or that higher payment interest rates changed money down. Whatever the case may be. We need more money down. We need this. Oh, hey, you know blah blah blah blah blah. That is a that is illegal. You cannot do a yo-yo alone if they do what's called a spot delivery and Dates when you take delivery of that car, that's your car you need to make your payments and if that happens you need to find out from the dealership what's going on and I prefer it's best to do it over the phone. Yeah. Sure. No problem. What can I do for you? Well, the bank called and said they need two thousand more dollars now. Okay, why is why is that you know, so now if you've done something fraudulently or not? Not on purpose, you know or you know just by accident that you know, how you told him $2,000 a month and your paycheck stubs. You only owe $1,500 a month. That's not the back. That's not the dealerships fault. Not the bank's. Well, that's your fault. What I'm talking about is blatant fraud blatant scam from the dealership that all your documents check out you told him everything truthful and the dealership says, oh we need another two grand or we need another 5% interest or whatever the case may be at that point. The best thing to do is to contact an attorney and say that you think that you're being part of a yo-yo. M and let that attorney handle it for you most importantly that the biggest thing you need to do is make sure you get all of your documents out of the car everything that shows that you bought the car stuff like that and if you have a payment due and you have not been given a payment book you give the payment to the dealership. Hey looks like I'm supposed to have a 339 payment this month. I haven't received it. Who do I call? What do I do? You know they may give you a sob story. They may threaten you they may say hey we're going to repo the car what? Not that's that's some tricky situation. You just need to get an attorney involved at that point. So you can certainly turn return the car and just walk back out and get your money back. But ultimately you don't want to do that and the dealerships going to play games and you know what not. So my best advice on that that yo-yo happens is definitely contact turn. He's extremely important to do that to protect yourself and to protect your car and most importantly build your credit what you think oh things we should have learned when we were little young. Yeah, yeah, you're right, but you're right about that for sure. And so that and you know, that's one big thing too is a lot of stuff I talk about is what I've learned growing up. You know that the mistakes I had and I don't really get it in too much too much talking about it on on on YouTube or or the podcast hear anything like that. But you know, I grew up with subprime family my family still subprime. They can't get out of that rut. I don't know what it is, you know, and that's probably my big Drive is I don't want to end up like that. I don't want to end up. You know back in the subprime market with an 18 percentage or straight. I mean, I did a buy here pay here my very first car I did a buy here pay here alone deliver pizzas for Pizza Hut that car got wrecked the insurance company paid off and I had no money down as a down payment. I lost my down payment. I got kind of screwed. It was my own fault, but nothing illegal or goofy. I just didn't get my insurance company involved and I probably should have and and what was I doing for like the next year? You are driving my car a lot doing that. But I was walking. I was riding a bicycle back and forth to Pizza Hut, you know, not delivering pizzas anymore. I was getting tips right and back in the day, you know, 1996-1998, you know tips were were big back them and they were unreported think the statue of limitations is a ran out on that non reported tax taxable income from 1996. I mean 1988 you weren't even old enough to work at night. Don't tell him that the but so yeah, that's a lot of that stuff comes back to you know, just just learning just learning and then most importantly, you know, just being in this car business for for 20 years. Well, I kind of feel like our first car we purchased together was almost like a yo-yo loan because they spot delivered us and then turned around and called us and said no, we need a cosigner because we didn't have enough credit. Yep. Yep. Stuff so that RVs. Thanks for the $10 Super Chat. Appreciate it. That's a good channel for RV reviews Emeril. I know him. Well, I can't talk today do not know what it is. We do have a couple people asking some sexual credit questions and there's been great conversation on the YouTube channel good. I've seen a lot of participation in questions that people are asking and we're not able to get to because of Mike's long talking make sure everyone has that thumbs-up and Shares the stream as well for added participation points. Okay. So one of our questions says I have been working on rebuilding my credit. I noticed my credit score varies from a low 648 to 717 Capital One shows that at 7:17 experience 681 discover. 648 some use a score 8 some score 9. What is the standard? Is there a standard and then it continues? Is on asking some other questions, so let's talk about is there a standard so no, there isn't a standard. So sometimes people pull different credit bureaus. So there's this is this is like an end that conversation like I could do an entire video Tire Vlog Tire entire podcast on this there are several factors of credit bureaus so there is an auto enhance credit bureau. There's a mortgage enhanced credit bureau. There's a Revolving debt enhanced credit bureau. There's all sorts of lending models that the FICO score uses to pull credits. So and then sometimes the banks have their own algorithms. Right? So if you get that form in the mail that shows what your credit score is and they said hey, we pulled an Equifax and your credit score is this, you know, that's sometimes their own internal scoring that they do as well. So it's great. It's crazy on this stuff. That's why again right at the beginning of the broadcast. We talked about Credit Karma and credit Wise from Capital One and all that stuff. It's really really important to just use that as a tool to make sure that everything is being reported. Right not so much use it on a score. So because the score is probably not going to be right when the when the dealership pulls your credit. So with that being said like my dealership may we may we may pull a credit bureau version? I'm just making this number up of 8.1. Right and the bank may pull an eight point five or seven point five or something to that effect, right? So so there's variances in there. Of what happens but the good news is if you do everything right and you pay your bills correctly those things don't come into play. They certainly can come into play now, but that's where you use this as a stepping stone and I'll tell you this a car loan is the absolute best way the absolute best way to build your credit. If you want to build your credit do a car loan. This is going to be phenomenal. So and even if you do have to go to a Buy Here Pay Here place you and if you do have to go to some shady place to get on the credit bureau system do it but use that as a last resort just like I said, but most importantly just also like I said beginning the broadcast is have that money down bangs will become blind with money down. If you have to walk if you have to take Uber now Ubers, I didn't have Uber 1996 know we did it. So but you know, if you have to take the public transportation bus do whatever it takes, you know, you know and Grant Cardone always says success is your duty and your obligation. And you know again not that I wanted to bring this up tonight is it's great that we ad-lib everything but you know, I did this stuff I'm talking from experience that I walk to work. I rode my bicycle in snow to work at six o'clock in the morning to get to work to make $10 an hour. So 400 400 hours a week because I worked 40 hours and they wouldn't let you work overtime. So it's $400 gross per week. So I've done this when in and went in with a kid and you oh, thanks. You're welcome. So the second part of it is I'm upside down a motorcycle loan to the tune of 8K and have been wanting to trade it in for a car. What are your suggestions? So it's a tough. It's the best thing to do is get that 8,000 and pay off the motorcycle. So certainly you can sell it. You got the cash to pay the loan off. That's fine do that. But you have to have to it's a tough sell. It's a tough pill to swallow to for that $1,000, but the Biggest mistake people make is they roll that $8,000 in the next loan and they're even in a worse position. So the best thing to do is if you're in a warmer climate, you know, you can drive that bike all year round, but maybe look at maybe, you know, you don't have a car which I would have to assume that you don't have a car if you have a motorcycle and you're in a warm climate, which I'm jealous of but you know just sit there and do that do it that way, you know, and and but you got to pay that money off your obligated to pay the bank that money. And the best thing to do is sell and get as much money as you can and pay the difference to pay the loan off. You can certainly roll some into a car but it's not the best thing to do. Okay. Next question. My credit score is over 700. I'm paying 6.1 percent on a vehicle loan. No late payments should be eligible to refinance after one year of on-time payments. So we just we just did this with our daughter. So got this Corvette come in and add all these car loans on my credit report and I was trying to knock a couple of Moth and pay him off and stuff like that 21 year old daughter over 800 credit score. I had problems getting her refinanced because I was on the loan originally because she has what's called a thin file. Yes. She has an 800 credit score, but she doesn't have a thick enough file for the algorithms of the banks to say. Oh, yeah, she's good. We won't even look at it a humid looked at it and pretty much decline credit without me being on there. So basically I knew this I was at where we at like 13 months 12 months or we have you remember Robert. Yeah, nine nine nine months. That's what it was. I knew I knew it was something low. So we were at nine months and I had a lot of I had a lot of problems getting her finances and luckily. I got one big to do it and that we submitted her credit probably 13 or 14 times which goes into saying that submitting your credit that many times does not affect your score one bit. Most people think that Chris Mitten your credit over and over and over again affects your credit. It does not wouldn't do this my own. Water let alone to somebody else but with that being said, so if and I said this I was like why am I doing this? I said, I knew I should have waited 18 months because the 18th payment not 18 months eighteen payments is so critical to the algorithms. We don't know what the algorithms are. Right, they're not given us the algorithms. But again, that's where experience comes into play of watching how this system works and how everything plays out when you get a new car loan or a new debt. Down goes your score. But once you show that you can repay that over time that goes back up. It happened with me. My credit goes down. Once I put two car loans on it right away. It goes you did back-to-back-to-back-to-back month, you know two months in a row, you put two car loans on the financing for the kids. So so my credit score went down, but then I just watch it go back up and I wasn't worried about it one bit wasn't wasn't that it was not an issue and I was talking to Buddy. That a friend of his went to California and charged up like 5 or 6 grand on a credit card that has a $12,000 limit and his credit score dropped a hundred and fifty five points. So revolving debt is your worst enemy. So don't you know, that's why I said earlier that buying a car is your best your best debt to raise your credit score in to get a new loan down the road. The revolving death of credit card debt is the worst debt. So when people sit there and tell you is like I'll just get a credit card. Card and put something small on it. That's a big No-No do not do it. If you do get a credit card, just let it sit there and don't do anything go throw it in a drawer forget about it and only do something in the event that they say Hey. Listen, we're going to cancel your credit card. And if you don't charge it, that's when you go out and charge something to it put a gasoline tank of gas in your car buy a candy bar something because they canceled that credit card that hurts you as well. So it's really goofy how all this credit stuff works all these algorithms work and it's Were ending the never revolving on everything another question. I don't understand this question, but maybe you will what is a 78% rule. Who I don't think I know that one either I would I would I would say so I know what a 7/8 alone is but I don't know. What a 78 percent rule is. I don't know. I've never heard of that 78. I mean Google a real quick 78 percent rule credit is well, I'm gonna So I'm going to do the rule seven eight is a method used by some lenders to calculate interest. Oh, I think that's what they're I think that's what they're asking. It's okay, so I kind of set it. So there's not really any 7/8 loans anymore. So Google says the rules 7/8 is a method used by some lenders the keyword some to calculate interest charges on a loan the rule of seven eight requires that what they said the rule seven eight. Where did they 75% It's written a 78% Okay, so the rules so 88 requires the borrow to pay a greater portion of interest on the earlier part of the loan which decreases the potential savings for the borrower in the paying off their loan. So in a nutshell all of the loans that I've ever done in 20 years has been simple interest car loans, right? So simple interest car loans, you're interested calculated 365 days per year based off of your daily balance. So if I were to if I had a four hundred dollar car payment, and I literally walked into the bank every day, Andy. Willie spaced out $400 over 30 days my interest would go down every single month that I would pay. That's kind of goofy. Nobody would ever do that and trying to go to the extreme on that but that's that's that's what it is. So 7/8 of if that's what if that's what they're asking the rules 7/8 alone. It's not really used anymore was using a mortgages way back in the day, but you're always going to have interest loaded in the front of your loan compared to the end because you're paying interest on a daily balance on a Simple interest loan. That's what I'm trying to say. Okay. Next. This is not even fully a question. But it is a question. I paid my Jeep off two years early. Is that going to hurt me or help me? No, I think that's only going to help you. So, you know, I think if you had a 36 month loan to pay off too early that might that might hurt you a little bit but now paying it off early is not a big deal. So, you know, it's like when you pay less interest if you pay yeah, you definitely pay less interest you pay you show paid as agreed. So again, I think that 12 to 18-month definitely 18-month is the kind of like the trigger that your credit score doesn't get hurt for having a loan and then closing it grow quick. But now I think you're good. Most people most people do car loans on five years in six years. So if you paid if you pay off two years early, it's not a big deal that happens every day. I mean we did it, you know, you look at the Camaro we pay the Camaro off really really early and it didn't affect any credit score actually bumped on the credit up when I pay that off well, and we always Has put pay more money every month to our vehicles as it is, so and I did see that somewhere in our comments, which I don't know where that was. But somebody did ask about paying more than your actual payment every month. And so when you pay more than your actual payment every month somebody already responded in the comments, but what happens is the extra money goes to your principal. Yeah and then in Turn your interest goes down because like you talked about the simple interest you sit there and have paid more money in and they can't charge you as much interest on your principal. Yeah, another hack to is paying your car payments bi-weekly. So if you get paid every two weeks and you got a foreigner car payment every paycheck sent two hundred dollars, you know, we all do this electronically now, right so you can just get on your app or on the computer and send 200 dollars to that because over a sent me two months. With loan, you're going to pay your car off usually six to eight months quicker usually closer the six or seven months but six to eight months quicker than you would which means that you're not going to have eight months worth of mentors or six months worth of interest. And then the biggest thing is not so much a scam but I want to caution people and my dealership does this so it's definitely not something I'm talking bad about it and some people this is this is the best route to go right? There are companies out there dealerships do have companies that they Do bi-weekly payments for you automatically deducted out of your checking account. Just ask questions on it. I'm not a fan of it not a fan of doing that at all because I'm capable if I wanted to do that that I can make those payments on my own but not everybody's that not everybody's thinking that way right. So there are costs associated with doing bi-weekly payments when you set them at the dealership because it's usually a third party company and they're charging you like $3 per per. / / payment so that's six dollars per month if you're doing bi-weekly. So just ask questions just so you know, right not saying that Hey listen while you're charging me. I'm not going to do that. But you know, if you're capable of doing it and you're going to do it and you follow through on doing it then save yourself six bucks a month times 12. So I have I have public school math. So I don't know what that is 12 times 6 you have Catholic school math, maybe no that's It's man Math versus woman math. Yes, exactly. So but yeah, so just ask that question but bi-weekly payments is a huge thing. Somebody just said that they have 70 hard inquiries. There is a point where it comes in at that Hard inquiries Duke hurt you but over and I just want to explain that a little bit better because I mentioned that earlier when you pull credit on a car loan and I'm in there one day and they submit my credits 12 times. That counts as one pole as long as it's done within a 30-day window if you come in on January 1 and you pull 20 of your credit gets pulled 20 times and you come back on February 2nd and your credits pulled 20 more times that's 40 poles and it counts as two hits. So you definitely want to make sure you do that because the reason they did that and they change this back in 2005 and people in 2020 still believe that when your credit is pulled that it affects you and it hurts you and that's the biggest that's Is the biggest misinformation that's out there because it's unfair when I say this you're going to be like oh crap. He's right. It is unfair to you or to me as a consumer to have our credit polled multiple times so that we can shop for the best financing to save us money and haven't heard our credit score. It is very unfair and the fair Isaac's reporting agency FICO. They realize that back in 2005 and took that away. So this is 15 years in the making that they did away with this. Being hurt. It's pretty bad that they had to wait till 2005 to figure that out. Yes, and when you talked about that comment, I had gone back and somebody had said asked about is there any way you can give a dealership authorization to send only your credit or sender app to only a couple banks and not everyone. He said I have 47 inquiries from one dealership. Yeah, so you can you can do that like I have clients all the time. Like Hey, listen, I only financed through this Credit Union. We write with that credit union, right? I only want to work with this bank. So like with with me when I'm getting ready to do this this Corvette loan, you know, I'm probably gonna go through Bank of America and and that's the only place that we need to submit it. So because I'm putting in the business name and just I know how Bank of America does on business loans and stuff like that. Then there's no reason for me for them to submit this sit multiple places to see what best interest rates is. I just kind of know already Cuz I'm in there. But yeah, you can tell the dealership that Hey listen, I want to I want to shop for financing but use your top three lenders. I don't want my I want my credit pulled more than by three different banks. Now the typically the bank typically the dealership is going to pull your credit which is 1 and then if you tell them three Banks it's for or credit polls on your credit and that all counts as one so you can certainly do that 100% of the time and I get that I get every once in awhile, you know, I don't get it a ton, but I get it every once in a while. Pay well, this one's a good one. I trade in my car in the dealer took a month to settle the Finance on it. Is this usual? No, that's not usual. That's scary. There. It is. Scary. I know our daughter was worried about that when it came to refinancing her alone. She's like am I going to have to make two payments and everything? I was like no they should have it has a 21 year old kid really scared about that. And yeah a lot of water a lot of Most 20 year old kids aren't thinking that either but they've learned that from from us. But so with that being said the no it's not normal when you got to be really really leery about that. And if that does happen the thing to do is find out what's taking so long. Why are they doing this? Because there are some dealerships out there that are behind on payments and they take that money and they float it when they get paid from the bank. They floated some themselves kind of Rob Peter to pay Paul. Hey Paul type thing and you've seen things about those stories and they call it getting out of trust and that means basically means that their floor plan company the Pete the bank that holds the loans and all of their cars and inventory. They're not paying them off correctly. And that's a big red sign red flag showing that the dealership is out of trust with their lender and they're making taking that off. So with me personally, we always get a 10-day pay off because that allows us to have a 10-day grace period from the day that you buy the car say you say you Friday night at 7 o'clock. Right ain't no bangs open for Friday Saturday Sunday, right? And let's say Monday the holiday like we just had Columbus Day, right or Presidents Day. We just had President's Day. So so if I do if I do a deal on Friday night, that's Friday Saturday Sunday Monday. I'm already five days in before that Banks and get that check on Tuesday. Right and my office is probably closed till Tuesday. So now they're not going to get that check till Wednesday. So now we're six and seven days into this. So so six six seven, 10 maybe 15 days is a would be a grace period but you know, if the dealership is going to attend a payoff than their average paying off as less than 10 days and now with a company called dealer track that most dealerships have I would probably say 70 to 80% of dealerships out. There have what this company called dealer track and what that is as we can electronically pay Banks and like paying off in like two days. So say that same scenario happened idea to deal a deal at seven o'clock on Night, so and we have Presidents Day on Monday. Tuesday comes in my back office can pay that off electronically in the bank. Has it like that day or maybe the next day there's no checks. There's no mail. It's not set in somewhere lost and have to open up a FedEx envelope or anything like that. So makes it makes it easy gotta love technology. Yep some days. well It seems like we are not getting a whole lot more questions and text your questions into the number on the screen or five. Oh two nine one, nine five one. Nine two. Okay. Well we can do this one. Yep. I have a CA on order with you. And normally I do not do see a questions. But this one actually is good. Do you think a home equity line is good because of the long term of lower payments. That's a great question. I love this exactly. That's the only reason to see a question got thrown in here. So No, don't do a home equity line a home equity line is revolving credit. So it's basically just like you're taking a credit card out and swiping it - the interest rate. I know they home equity lines are lower interest rates. You have more flexible payments. You can pay that car off in 10 years if you wanted to write but say you have when you use a big number here say you have a hundred and fifty thousand dollar home equity line of credit and you have an $80,000 quartet now you just taken 50% of revolving debt on that. Line of credit and used it up your credits going to poop drop real quick. So now I'm not a big fan of it again. A financial guy would definitely be better to communicate with on that but I have I have talked to France with guys and financial Wizards in the past of not using the line of credit because reason I did that is because I was in finance. I did F&I, right and I got paid on doing loans. I got paid on doing warranties and I was in fine. It's in a Cadillac store. Oh was I supposed to answer that? I mean, I knew that it was Cadillac Hummer and SOB when there was full Hummer and SOB. So so so around animals go around so with that we had a lot of cash buyers and you know, I had to try to convert them from not paying cash and someone would use lines of credit. And so I learned that back in two thousand four two thousand two three when I was in Finance at the Cadillac subbable Hummer dealership and learned I learned a lot from that. So I did get that response from a financial guy that not to use a home equity line of credit but ask your advisor and they can tell you the right way to do it and I do remember from last Tuesday night's show we did have a question regarding what a good score would be to buy a C8. So what kind of credit score do you need to be buying a 75 80 $90,000? Uncle yeah, and that reminds me I don't know where I saw this I get so many messages per day I mean I get you know people realize I get hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of message, I can't count how many messages I get per day from people and I can't answer them all which sucks I do want to I do want to answer them all and I hate ignoring people but I just one person so I think to answer that question 720 and above credit score, you know, you got 650 I'm not going to say don't buy a Corvette and be done with me. Yeah, but you just you got to be all the stuff. I just told you got to be you got to be on it you Gotta Be You Gotta Know You gotta understand. You gotta come in with some intelligence into this, right? Why is your credit score's 650? Okay, is it because you have a revolving debt? Okay. No problem. If you're paying your bills on time and you got a 650 year. You got a bunch of revolving debt. Just it might you might have a little bit higher interest rates will be ready for a little bit higher payment. So just you know that that goes with that but I had a with all this said I did that triggered me on a comment that I saw somewhere. On social media that someone hit me up that hey he's just getting done with bankruptcy and he wants to buy a CA and wants to know if he can buy it for me. And as soon as I was reading that I took a somebody called in and I took a phone call and then and then just I just lost my mind. So now and like that person doesn't need be buying a CA that they need to do exactly what I've said all my notes that I have here about the Being open-minded. Everybody wants a Corvette everybody in this world wants a Corvette especially at $60,000. But but what Corvette well, let's buy a Chevy Cruze or Chevy Malibu and get our credit back up and then go after that then go after that car. That's what being open mind is about what the Corvette but you have to go to a Chevy Cruze that's being open-minded and that's being thinking with your head. You're like, I'm gonna put my stuff before my wants and needs and will put my priorities first. Here's a good one. Just bought a house. Should I buy a new car before mortgage shows and credit? That's that's a good that's a good hack. We had we had someone that we know get a repossession on their car and they went down the day the car got repossessed and got financed on a car before that repossession showed up on their on their credit report. So but yeah, I mean that's a good hack to do is you certainly can do it Finance get your mortgage done because you know these mortgage lenders there. They're all like don't touch your credit. Don't do anything. And stuff like that and then go down that day, you know, they're 15 days 10 days and you know get a car and your credit will be up but you're going to take two big hits you're going to your end the mortgage to your to your credit report. But if you're paying a mortgage off its kind of like a kind of like a 50/50 split that you're adding them adding debt and losing debt and then just adding more Cadet. So that's a good hack you can you can definitely kill that in but definitely you don't want to buy a car before the you And on the dotted line for that mortgage. Yeah, every mortgage lender will tell you not to to buy something but I do have a one more thing. I was talking about the trade in scam earlier, you know, just you got it you got to realize that you need to pay 60% of this loan off 70% of this loan off before you decide to trade. I know I said that earlier but I just want to emphasize that because that has a big scam that dealerships pole with dealers out or with Rumors out there is like oh just just get this now and come back and see me year. They're not your can't do that. It's not going to happen. Unless you know, it doesn't matter if you pay if you pay 60 or 70 percent of that car loan off in six months or 60 months, right? I'm not telling you a month time. I'm telling you percentage time. Once you get to that once you get to that and and then the best thing to do is just kind of look at trade-in value most people trade trading so easy and so nice to do. Yes, you take a hit. What you could get for retail, but most States give you a tax credit and with my dealership on new cars. I'm giving you a rebate to purchase a car or trade your car in so you're going to pay more money for a vehicle if you you know don't trade it in. So it's just you have to look at a case by case basis. Like I said the beginning to show we have to look at every single one case by case basis. There's nothing set in stone here and but you just have to go into it and what not. And you know, I have the how to buy a car group. Oh, excuse me, I changed. Name be on the show. Yes be on the show room Facebook group. And that is a great resource to go in there and ask questions and we help everyone out. It's a great thing and I tell people like I don't really want people get personal in there with their credit and stuff like that. But at the same time, I think everybody's in there there be an ethical they're being professional. We're not in there to make fun of somebody situation. We're not because you know, we're not going to be you know, kind of sending anybody we're going to be professional about everything. but beyond the showroom Facebook group me and her are the only moderators that group and I keep it I keep it classy and I keep it going good really there's no car sales people in there because I don't want people going in there to pitch people I don't want people to go in there and DM them and say Hey listen you want to buy a car I see you're in the market for a car I want that group to be all about this is what I'm thinking this is the research I'm doing can anybody pull a Carfax for me whatever the case may be I really do want to get into component our faxes or invoices that's kind of a car dealership thing but you know that's what that group is all about is to help you buy a car to make it easy for you but how to buy it I said it again not how to buy a car how to buy a car used to be named how to buy a car but beyond the showroom is the Facebook group name so let's for the podcast let's do one more question one more no one else and this so make it make it a good one oh great I was only looking King at one specific question now, I'd like to look at makeup make it that make it that question. Well, somebody was asking you to discuss the thin credit files a little bit more a perfect. That's a great. That's a great one to end the broadcast on there basically says I'm about to apply for my first loan less than 15 K. I've had a couple credit cards for three-plus years and believe my score is 750 or higher. Will this be a problem getting approved based off that before buying that you don't have any or much credit on those cards? Then you probably do have a 750-800 credit score when you We're not alone. So walking in so $15,000 car walking in to the dealership. So when we go $15,000 car and I'm just going to use six percent interest rate or 6% 6% sales tax and then I'm going to add $500 for miscellaneous fees dealer doc fee title fee's stuff like that because every state is different. That means you're going in at 16 for out the door. So with 16 for out the door 20% down is $3,200, right? All right 16. Four times point you have o 30 $3,200. Yep. So so if you're walking in how much money they say, they're putting down didn't say how much money to put down did say it was going to be like a 15K look. So you walk into that car dealership with four grand down 5 grand down. You're probably going to get approved again. Everything is case-by-case. I can't sit here and go off of that question. So, yep, you'll get approved or nope. You won't but I know the odds and a thin file does In a way if you can get a cosigner that's going to be awesome co-signers help out a ton and with a cosigner both get Equal Credit not one gets more or less. It's a hundred percent for both parties involved. So if you pay your bills on time your cosigner gets credit for it. If you don't pay your bills on time your credit your cosigner gets credit for it and you're going to probably no sire. So so yeah, so cosine is always going to help out with with that too. But yeah going in on a $15,000 car if you could have five. And down, dude, I'm telling you when the bank's look at that. They're going to be like not a problem at all based off of the information there. Yes, and a message came in saying it's going to be 15K out the door 7K trade as a down payment sweet here. You'll be gold out. We'll be golden. It'll be fine. I bet you'll be fine with that with that information. So appreciate that going up. So for the audio listeners every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude. You too. Channel we will be live and you can ask these questions you can text these questions in during the week at 502 909 5 192 is down to description of the podcasting portion of this as always guys thanks again for watching and have a great day and drive safely beyond the showroom is on the social follow along on Twitter at Chevy to join the V on the showroom face Facebook by searching beyond the showroom subscribe to the Chevy dude YouTube channel and until next time have a great day and drive safely