After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin? This guy always with her. Hey, who are you? What are you doing? Why are you here? Thanks. Big lie. Do we know you Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter my dear sweet Peter. That is your name. I know it hilarious as always seriously. I don't think any of us know who you are dude. Come on, it's me Franklin, you know the other story pirate Franklin. Franklin Franklin, huh? Nope, I don't think I know any Franklin's and I have a photographic memory. Well, you better check that camera because I think your photographic memory might be broken because you definitely know me. I'm Franklin the other story pirate touch. I remember that day. We all got locked and the extra large Supply Closet on the fourth floor of the ship right guys guys guys. Well, there is an extra large Supply Closet on the fourth floor. I don't know how we would have known that unless What he's saying is true. I'm really sorry Franklin. I feel bad saying this but for some reason I think none of us can remember you you're always forgetting about poor old Franklin. You know what I've had I'm gonna go lock myself in the bathroom. Like I always do. Oh no poor old Franklin. I feel bad. But also I am so so confused. That's how I feel all the time. I like my story other people just right for yourself. A lot of his friends are in the track sheep. Get out of here. Welcome back to the story Pirates podcast everyone where we take stories written by kid and turn them into sketch comedy and songs Franklin. Please come out of the bathroom. We're really sorry. Yeah, but also I really have to use the bathroom. Do you maybe want to come back out here and hang out with us and let me use the bathroom. Can we can we do story first? Of course we can and then can I use the bathroom Peter art? Yes, amazing. Hey. Sinners have you ever heard of a podcast, you know not like the story Pirates podcast, but like a podcast for grownups where everyone acts like really smart and interested and they talk in a calm low voice. Well, this first story is in the style of that kind of podcast. Here's the author to introduce it. Hi. My name is Jessica. I'm nine years old and I live in North Carolina. This is my store. Lori the monkey and the ice skates From National Pirate Radio, you're listening to this American pirate a very serious podcast and here's your host Amy Ballentine. Have you ever tried to combine two of your favorite things into one big thing? I have there's something about the hopefulness of human nature that can only see two positives becoming an even bigger positive. Sometimes it works fluffernutter sandwich has Chia Pets laser tag. It doesn't pineapple pizza frisbee golf laser tag, and then there are combinations that change the world. This story is about one of those combinations I Ami Ballantine and today on this American pirate. We tell the story of Riley the ice skating monkey. Okay, are we recording? Yeah, let's just get some levels just talk please. Sure. Sure. One two one two monkey. See monkey do nowadays. Everyone knows about Riley the world's first ice skating monkey. You may remember her impressive showing at the Olympics. All right, Phil Here Comes Riley. The monkey monkey is going big Riley with a couple axle and Nailed it. Wow, technically. She can't qualify for a medal. I mean, she's a monkey wait a minute. Hold on. So she's putting skates now on her head. Yes. She's escaping upside down. This show is more fun than a barrel of monkeys we take for granted that you can now go to any local zoo and see monkeys I skate but it didn't always used to be like that Riley started it all we always knew Riley was destined. For something amazing. This is Sherry macaron. Riley's zookeeper and ice skating coach addressing the media after Riley's first public skate, and we here at the Cleveland Zoo have been behind her all the way. Recently, I was lucky enough to sit down in a Manhattan Studio to catch up with Sherry. Hi. I'm Sherry macaron of the Cleveland Zoo. I was Riley the monkeys former skating coach. So Sherry you were there from the very beginning. Yeah Riley wanted to be a famous ice skater and her friends and family really supported her. You mean the fellow monkeys? Yeah, so I'm curious. How did a monkey get interested in ice skating and that was my fault. I'm a huge skate fan, I'd Competitions and leave them on in the background when I was working with the monkeys. Well, it caught her eye and she was hooked and things really took a turn when I gave her an old pair of my skates. You gave a monkey a pair of ice skates. I sure did then one night. I caught her sneaking out to the penguin enclosure specifically to ice skate. Wait, what? Oh before we built Riley her on ice skating rink with frozen trees. She would sneak out to the penguin enclosure to practice on their eyes. She was one Cheeky Monkey if you want to see The security footage we have it on tape over here. That would actually be greatness here. Could you put that tape into the it's over at the left side of the room. Alright, and we'll just fast-forward do the hours of nothing happening in the penguin enclosure and we got Riley on the screen here. Watch this. She's such a natural look all the penguins are coming out to watch her. This is her first time on skates, and she could already do a double axel. Who's that entering the rink? Oh, you know what we can stop the tape right Harry is that you Is there totally is we don't need to watch this in my experience as a reporter when someone says we don't need to watch this, it usually means we need to watch this right Riley. What's going on here? Riley skating is my thing. Okay. I'm the figure skater around here. Not you you watch as the tape plays on Sherry says she's disappointed and Riley that she expected more than for Riley to go behind my back and lie to me Riley looks embarrassed as the Penguins watch Sherry points to the exit of the penguin enclosure and Riley heads out the lights snap off. Sherry I thought you said you supported Riley and her skating from the very beginning. How does it feel to watch yourself in that video after all these years? I know I know I'm so embarrassed. I never got the chance to apologize and I'll never know if Riley really understood how sorry I was for not supporting her at the very beginning never know. I was stubborn and then before I knew it her astonishing career flew by Olympics traveling shows Good Morning America holiday spectaculars, then all of a sudden she retired moved to Phoenix to a monkey Retirement Community. Sherry I have an idea what's that old saying we may be done with the past but the past isn't done with us a few days later my producer Nasir and I traveled to Phoenix and we brought a retirement gift for Riley. Hi, welcome to banana leaves Phoenix is only monkey retirement community. Hi. We're here to see Riley. We should be on the list where with this American pirate the Cast yeah. Oh, I love that show. So you must be Amy. And you're in a Seer. Yeah, you look nothing. Like I thought you would a big fan go on through. Does that happen a lot all the time? How are you feeling Sherry and I don't think I've ever been this nervous in my life. Here. We are Amy Nasir welcome. I'm Harold Riley's retirement zookeeper security. Let me know you are on your way. And oh, hello. Who are you? I'm Sherry Riley's. Zookeeper from Cleveland. Wow Riley's really going to be surprised to see you guys. Well the Rings right over here. Wow, this is as we walk toward the rink, I think about combinations again what we're about to witness here with Reilly and Sherry is one of the more Bitter Sweet pairings when the past meets the present we see Riley as we approach the ice. She's hard to miss a monkey on skates here at her age. She really stuck The Landing Hey Riley, you got some visitors here. She really likes this. Granola. Why don't you offer her something? Oh, I'm not sure I can do this. What what if she doesn't remember me? What if what if Riley good to see you. You look really happy. They told me you liked this granola II. Just hope it's not too much sugar. You know, you had all those cavities in it Harold. What are they saying? You form a special bond with your monkey really only they know what they're saying Harold. Is there any more that granola Nasir Riley you changed the world and in along the way you made the Cleveland zoo and me look incredible, but people don't know the full story. I'm sorry. I didn't encourage. From the start. I I apologize for my support coming after you proved you could skate and not before. Well, it's been good to see Riley and I guess I'll give this handful of granola back to Harold even though some pieces of it are stuck to my hand. How eloquent I will hug you you're the best. Wow, so they made up. Well, they're hugging so either they understood each other and made up or Just really wants that granola. It is pretty tasty. You want a banana to go with that. Oh, yeah, Amy. Can I um, no, you're being entirely unprofessional and we've talked about eating while you're on the microphone granola and bananas may be easier to swallow than monkeys on ice skates, but I'm glad we live in a world where all these combinations are possible. Whenever I watch videos of Riley skating I take for granted how incredible what I'm seeing is not only that monkeys can skate and skate well, but that there's an entire team of people who you don't see that help to get Riley there. I guess Riley said it best at her acceptance speech at the 2010 Espy Awards and the award for outstanding athlete of the year goes to Finally the ice gave you love me. That was so beautiful. I know I'm supposed to stay calm cool and collected, but that's because it's really got to me. This is Amy with this American pirate saying the end. Another story Franklin, we're all very glad that you're out of the bathroom now, especially me, but I still think it's so odd that none of us can remember you ever being on the ship with us. Wow, you know, I had a dream last night that I was invisible and no one could see me and everyone acted like I wasn't even there, but I guess it turns out it wasn't a Him after all no, I am so sorry Franklin. I understand how what I said could be hurtful at listen, how can I make it up to you? I don't know. Maybe you could give me 5 bucks 5 bucks. Yeah, that's what you always do to make things up to me. You've always given me five bucks. And you said Franklin. I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. Here's five bucks, but I guess you don't remember that either do you? Oh, no, I remember no, of course. Course, I remember here one two, three four five bucks. And you know what? Here's an extra five bucks as my way of saying sorry that I forgot. Wow. Thanks Megan. This means a lot but some being honest. I'm still a bit sad here have a cookie. Is this freshly baked? Uh-huh. I made it myself. Wow. This is pretty good. But you know what make it even better. If I had two cookies, but I only bake two cookies the other ones for me. Oh, but Peter you always give me your cookies. Remember you'd be like hey Franklin. I made you cookies and I definitely don't want both of them. Do you want them? Well, that definitely doesn't sound like me but I don't want to be rude and say you're wrong. So here you go. Hmm. Oh boy, that is delicious saying timoney. Remember how you always used to do my taxes for me? Not really but wait, I was hoping you could maybe do that for me again this year. Well, I'm pretty busy. I did a lot of freelance work this year. So it's a lot of schedules and 1099s. It's all right, you're busy. I guess that's what I get for being old forgettable Franklin. But I mean, I'm sure I could find some time great boy. It sure is cold in here Lee can I have your shirt? Oh, of course. Let me just do my closet here and no no no no. No, no. No, I want your shirt. Yeah, the one that you're wearing right now my computer Soros Rex t-shirt, but I love this shirt. It's my favorite shirt. Also, I'm already wearing it. Huh? I used to have one just like that lie, don't you remember you've always given me your shirts always. Hmm. What is it Lee? Well, I only own five shirts. I've always only owned five shirts. Every time I get a new one. I Donate an old one to charity and I see four shirts in my closet right now and I'm wearing one shirt, which means I have all five of my shirts. So I don't really know how I could have always given Franklin my shirts. Okay, welcome minute. That's right. I just got my CPA license a couple months ago. So I couldn't have possibly done Franklin's taxes last year. Hey, yeah, hold on a tick. There's no way I could have always given Franklin 5. Box because I usually have Sarawak and my inability to share snacks as a well-documented character flaw. It seems story. I okay. Oh no explanation necessary Franklin. We see what's going on here. You're no story pirate. You're an imposter imposter imposter surely. We'll be right back. Hey grown-ups lie here with your weekly announcements tickets. Are now on sale for our Los Angeles benefit on May 3rd at The Wiltern theater. It's our biggest show of the year and both Peter and myself will be there get your tickets now at story Pirates dot org slash benefit. And of course the story Pirates changemakers benefit in New York City is on March 15th with all five podcast hosts there in person. That's right Megan Peter anemone Rachel and myself will host the New York. Featuring some never-before-seen live story pirate songs. Visit story Pirates dot org slash benefit for tickets. Wow, there's a lot going on on the ship right now. I mean Rachel's pet lamb can talk and there's a whole planet of Rachel's. Well, when you listen to the rest of the episode and process these huge developments kids draw it out with us draw your favorite thing about Rachel her chair building Carnival work, whatever you want include her pet lamb. If you want and parents you can post these drawings on Instagram or Twitter with hashtag story pirates for us to see our new book quest for the crystal Crown is out. Now quest for the crystal Crown is a fantasy novel based on an idea by an 11 year old named Angie Ortiz written by Annabeth bonder Stone and Connor White illustrated by Joe Todd Stanton. Plus it includes the fantasy creation Zone to help guide kids through writing their own exciting. Fantasy stories while they read the book get your copy today at story Pirates.com books. Finally. Are you looking for camps to send your kids to this summer? Well send them to story Pirates camp at the Calhoun School in New York City from June 22nd through July 3rd had destroy Pirates.com Camp to sign up today, but hurry, there's very limited space for all that info and more visit story Pirates.com now back to the show. show I said I meant imposter. No, I'm not an imposter. It's me Franklin. Remember, you know the fourth floor Supply Closet Franklin that Supply Closet has been closed all year. All right fine. You caught me. I'm the story pirate gasp. I'm just a con artist a scammer the crook we knew it snuck my way onto your ship for one last swindled why? Well, it's because I'm a lonely out here in space life a crime is only life and I saw you guys out here having so much fun together and I just wanted to be a part of it. Well Franklin you should have said so yeah, we love making new friends. Yeah wanting to make friends is great, but manipulating people and making them doubt themselves is not okay. Yeah, I understand and I'm sorry we forgive you. So you're saying I can. Stay and be a story pirate. Well, no, you stole a bunch of our stuff. Yeah. I want my cookie back. Okay. Sorry. I just got really heated there for a second. No. No, he's right here. You can have your cookie back. Thank you. In fact, all of you can have your stuff back Megan. Here's your five bucks. Thank you Lee. Here's your shirt. Thanks. I was getting cold and nimma knee here's your wallet. Wait, you stole my wallet? Yeah, and now I'm giving it back. Look. What do you want me to say? Okay. Yeah, you taught me something very valuable. And honestly, I think I've changed maybe it's time that I give up my life of drifting and and and and look for more meaningful relationships with the people in my life because after all what is life, but a vessel to enjoy Joy all the people around us. Yeah pretty inspirational right? I'm so glad I stole that calendar off of Megan's desk. It's full of those. Okay. You really need to leave now? Yep, make sense. Goodbye. Everyone typical Franklin. What's wrong Lee, you know, I just can't help feeling like this is somehow our fault. What do you mean? Well, I feel like maybe we were too nice to Franklin and maybe that's what allowed him to take advantage of us. Maybe this wouldn't have happened if we weren't so nice. Don't be silly. There's nothing wrong with being friendly. Yeah. Everyone has a story to share and everyone deserves to be treated with kindness if people like Franklin decided to take advantage of that. Well that's on them. The only thing we can control is how we treat other people. I think we did the right thing by being nice. You're right. Wow. It's been such an interesting day. Maybe I should take a picture to commemorate it. Yeah, I'll just grab my camera and hey, has anyone seen my camera? No curse you Franklin. Okay. Should we do another story? That's probably a good idea. Great. Okay listeners, you know, most of the time kids send us in stories, but this This next adaptation is a little different because it is based on a poem that the kid author sent in here. They are to introduce it. Hi. My name is Noah. I'm 8 years old and I live in Massachusetts. This is my story. It's called tissues. All right tissues rise and shine Daylight's a-burning. Good morning. Good morning, Teddy tissue as you all know, I am the top tissue in the Box this morning. Yeah, we know Timothy tissue got use yesterday the human sneezed and snatched him rap. That's right. Trisha everyone a moment of grateful and poignant silence for Timothy tissue. Silence over and now you teddy are fluffed out of the tissue box top like a gorgeous white flower. You'll write I look incredible. Now as I was saying, I am the top tissue in the tissue box. Therefore next time the human needs to sneeze. I will be the one to fulfill my purpose and be used and then go into the trash the trash. Yes young Templeton. Beautiful Trash well, I like to be in the Beautiful Trash your the last tissue at the very bottom of the Box you're not going to fulfill your purpose for like ever have Templeton the human would have to sneeze over 75 times for you to get used and then thrown in the Beautiful Trash. We're a value sized box and we all know the human rarely get sick. No, no try. - I'm Tobias be nice to little Templeton. He's just a little tissue with big garbage dreams. I'll show you I'll get used one day. Okay Templeton, that'll be the day. Come on. Trisha. Let's go be friends on the other side of the box. I'm patient. I can wait it out. One day. I will fulfill my dreams to be used and end up in that beautiful trash. I sit and I wait just to be in the trash. I have no friends, but I will in the trash the trash the trash the Beautiful Trash I want to be in the Beautiful Trash okay time to wait until it's my turn to be pulled out of the box. Gah, like can't wait any longer. It must have been at least an hour. Hey Trisha tissue. How long has it been since I sang my little song it's been about five seconds. I guess being patient and simply waiting to be used isn't going to work. Maybe if I yell someone outside the box will hear me and decide to pick me up someone Debbie out of this box and use me. I've got to fulfill my Service, please. Hello? Yes. Hello. I can hear you out there. Who are you? My name's Ben? I'm a banana peel down here in the trash. Incredible. What's it like in there? Oh, it's Sturgis, I mean, I'm only only the trash but there's all the things in here and we're all friends. We've all the build our purpose. I was eaten by the human Francine in a smoothie delicious. It's baseball place here in the beautiful dress. Oh, hey there John Cena chicken bone remember pilates at four? You got it. Wow. Well, I'd like to be friends with all of you. My name is Templeton tissue. Can you get me there? I'm the last tissue in the box, but my pills aren't exactly hand. So I just wouldn't be able to get a grip on you. Thanks. Anyway Beth. Maybe I'll see you one day. I'd like that too. Good luck. turn Well now I'm even more bummed out because I know what a wonderful time. They're having over there. I know someone who lives in the trash. It sounds like fun to be in that trash the trash the trash the Beautiful Trash. I want to be in the Beautiful Trash. Well, here comes the human everyone quiet the human has she. Hey did see thanks so much for coming over to my grown-up apartment. Oh, no problem Francine. I love your grown-up apartment. Especially that Shea's lounge and this tissue box next to the flowerpot. Thanks. I'll spring for the value box. Now. Let's get to work it on this thousand-piece puzzle. I just bought look here comes my apartment cat Gary. You have an apartment K again. Is that a problem? It's just I'm allergic to cats. Oh here take a tissue. It's happening everyone. I'm about to be used. Hey, here's your tissue dance. And here's the garbage where you can throw it away. Thank you. I'm finally going into the beautiful trout. Wow, Teddy's in the trash everyone. It happens. Hey Francine, I'm gonna need about 70 four more of those tissues. You got it Nancy. Take as me. Just uses you need did you hear that that Nancy human might just use up the whole box of us tissues. It's only a matter of time only 71 more to go. Wow. She's used to all of the tissues ahead of me. Now. It's my turn Anthony you use almost all the tissues in my value box. I know and here it comes. Oh false alarm man. Take the very last tissue in the box. And then maybe you should leave. Thank you. Maybe I should it's finally happening me. The last tissue in the box is being used. Here you go. I'm being lifted. It's my time to shine. Now time to throw it away. There. It is. The Beautiful Trash. I can't believe it. My dream is coming. True. Whoa, I made it. I'm a proud used tissue. Ooh in the Beautiful Trash Templeton. Is that you? That's the banana peel look at me. I made it. You sure did Buddy Welcome To Paradise. I waited my turn just to be in the trash my patience paid off. Now. I live in the trash the trash the trash the Beautiful Trash. I am so glad now I live in the trash. Oh, that was a lovely little song. Wait is that sneeze you're covered in? No. No, it's not the end. And now Lee speaks with the author. Hello. Hey Noah, it's Lee from story Pirates. How are you? Okay, let's talk about your story tissues. What inspired you to write this story. It was in second grade. It was one of my first poems and one of the kids in my class. He had box of tissues on his desk. So I was like why not write about tissues and be a little weird because it's kind of weird. Yeah. What do you like about poetry? It doesn't have wolves. Yeah, you're sort of free to write whatever you want. Yeah, you can do whatever spacing you on. Is there anything that you write about a lot? Um normal objects that people would think that you can't really write a poem about I think what's cool about your tissues poem is like your writing from the point of view of a tissue. Yeah. And so, how do you do that? How do you put yourself inside a tissues head? Well first I draw the background and then I look at one of the tissues really closely close my eyes and imagine the tissue got a face and it was talking and then you're just there. Yeah as humans we think of the trash as maybe an undesirable place, but for the tissue the tissue feels differently because a lot of the tissues friends are in the trash and you call it the Beautiful Trash. That's what I imagined at issue would say and so when you read it, do you read it with a certain? Them based on how the lines are written I pretend there's a comma at the end of every line and it said ever like ceilings. I try to add them into what I say. Oh, so you will read it with the feeling. So like the part of tissues where it says, it's cozy, but it's sad I would like it's cozy, but it said going up and then going down. Could I get you to read a little bit more of your poem? I sit here all day waiting to be in the trash. I have no friends, but I will if I'm in the track the track the track the track, I know someone who lives in the track hoe that track it sounds like fun but no one ever uses me because I have the bottle it's cozy, but it's sad the trash the trash the trash. I want to be in the beautiful track. That was incredible. Thank you. Sometimes in a Poetry Club when someone does a reading like you just did they'll snap like this. So I'm snapping for your palm right now because that was amazing the repetition of the word trash really stands out to me and I bet a listener could hear that. You said I want to be in the Beautiful Trash. You paused after every word. Yeah, because I wanted to kind of stay. No, like the final expression of what the tissue wants does a poem ever make you feel two things at the same time. Definitely a lot of sad poems. I feel like fighting and sad at the same time. I'm also curious. I heard you have Jiu-Jitsu in a little bit. Yes does poetry influence your Jiu-Jitsu? Yeah, it helps me feel calmer is like if I ever get mad at something but say I can't kick as high as I want to kick. I sometimes I repeat my poems in my head and then I come down and I can kick her. It's like a meditation tool. Yeah, because a lot of them were like sad, so it just calms me down amazing Noah. Thank you for talking to me today and for reading the poem. You're welcome. I'm inspired by your Artistry. Thank you. Okay. Bye, Noah. Bye. Thanks for listening to today's episode and a big thanks to today's authors Pacifica and Noah before we go. Here's today's story spark kids write us a story about something that is unexpectedly beautiful first come up with a character from your imagination and then write about that character encountering something that to their surprise is more beautiful than anything else in the whole world. Tell us what the beautiful thing. Is what is unexpectedly beautiful about it and most of all, why does your character in particular find this thing beautiful as always grown-ups can submit stories at story Pirates.com. See you next week. The story Pirates podcast is a production of gimlet media executive producers lie over Tree in Benjamin Sokka, this episode was produced by Lee over trees. Sam bear' Peter McNerney Andrew Miller Duke Doyle and Jonathan Roberts recording sound design and mixing by Sam bear at The Relic room in New York City. Our theme song was written by Bobby Lord and produced by Brendan O'Grady. Our staff writer is Mike Campbell on in contributing writers are Peter McNerney Megan O'Neill lie over tree and Caroline reading special guest Paul Scheer and Alex blumberg. This episode features performances by Sarah Morgan a she Lauren Stripling Brody Stephen Charles. Tarah Halpern. Will Jacobs people Laval Jack Mitchell Peter McNerney Catherine Mont easy Megan O'Neill Leo Retreat Regan Sims. Emily Verla nominee where Brandon zelman and Matt zimbrana the Beautiful Trash from tissues was written by Caroline Reedy arranged by Jack Mitchell and Bye Joel Asher additional music by Bobby Lord additional recording a little everywhere studios in Los Angeles, California. Okay, I get it a monkey on ice skates is pretty impressive. But you know, what's really impressive. How about a tiny worm on ice skates? Hey DJ squirrel lat come here. Hey, oh, hey DJ Screw, MOA. Hmm. Nice sunglasses. Thanks. Hey question for you. Would you mind doing your ice dancing routine for me? I just like need a good cry, you know, you know, I love doing Dancing Rudy, but like do the beautiful emotional one, you know, the tearjerker rightly. I can do that. Oh, thank goodness. Okay, let me just grab some tissues and let me get your song Ready. All right and go it's so beautiful. From 200 did they score when you move with such finesse, I've never seen such beautiful skating DJ squirm a lot such a motion. Oh and you throw a triple Axel in impressive?