Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you. Listeners and viewers who have listened on all podcast platforms remember were available on Apple Google all of them by buying or on everything and please guys send us your ideas for speculation because we love getting suggestions fresh ideas on what to spend. We want to know what you guys want to hear a speculated on. Yeah, and if you want to watch the episodes remember that you can watch it on the weed tube.com just go to the weed to.com or download the app onto your phone and Search fun the number to speculate all one word and the channel will pop up and lots of the episodes are really good in video format. Ivory watched every episode probably five times and I have to I just cannot stop laughs. It's the first everybody like the Pangaea episode 2. You have to watch that. You have to be so funny anytime. I have to clean my house or something. I'm watching fun to speculate. Yeah. So today's episode is a good one. We talked about we are guest is Angela mazzanti world-famous model literally not. Well not that like, The other guests that I've said is like a model isn't like Angela mazzanti is like a professional model. She gets booked and she's busy she's gorgeous. Gorgeous. She's beautiful. She's literally inside and out to yeah. That's the thing. That's the best part. Did you see how she got Balenciaga shoes this last week at Champs on Instagram. I tried I've gone through so many of her post, but she is a poster. Yeah bunch of cannabis industry people were all together at a trade show called Champs Trade Show in Las Vegas. Just this last week and Angela mazzanti boss. Bought a pair of Balenciaga sneakers and it was like all over all my friends stories just like teasing her about having them or like envious of her for having them. I saw it because someone licked it is he licked it? Yeah. He's he blazed is another person. We need to get on your to we had one scheduled and then snow major amounts of snow happened in Colorado having the latest winter here fun to speculate climate change doesn't just mean it always gets hotter. It means a lot of different climate changes. It means more precipitation though if you think about Hotter that the planet is the more evaporation in the oceans are happening. The more moisture is in the air. But did you see an article this week after having three Verona virus-free episode on the coronavirus coming next week for you guys. It don't look forward to be factual or informative because it's not gonna be it's just gonna be a fear cast. I can already see we're filming it later today and I just know it's gonna be Fear cast. I'm afraid of the coronavirus. I don't sleep. Well at last night dreams about it. It I why are you afraid you're healthy you were afraid when you thought you had it. I was afraid was second time. You got sick this year and you were you were a little afraid in the hospital though. I mean, I had a hundred and four point two fever and you were afraid so don't say You're Not Afraid. Well, you are afraid fluenta though, and the doctor actually told me she's like this but before influenza, you said you were like I might have coronavirus I was scared. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm saying. Hello. So I went to the hospital and the doctor. I asked the doctor and he was like, man. You are young you are healthy. He was like even if you got the coronavirus you'll be fine. Yeah, but talk to you know, how much weed I smoke my lungs are shit and just between me and you smoke cigarettes for a long time doc. So like it might be a problem. Don't smoke cigarettes. Don't Jewel don't do anything quit smoking right now if you do at home, okay, I feel much better without it and you will too this add this episode brought to you by quit smoking just kidding is actually brought to you by clar win. All right. Yes. Yeah Clara wind is amazing. Thank you. Clara went for sponsoring this episode. For those of you listeners who don't know Clara wind. They are the number four out of 200 I have maybe I shouldn't introduce it that way for out of 200 is good energy star rated air purifier system. They are amazing on amazon.com. You can use coupon code errant 420 ar e and D 4 2 0 you okay over there you okay with her ar e and D 4 2 0 is And you can get yourself a 35% discount which is pretty amazing actually got an email from them last week. I quite a few listeners have picked up a car window of your fire. Yeah, I was shocked. I was like that maybe well, that's because our faith our listener base is awesome their dank. They are they post stories they're caught me and they they make my job so much easier. Oh, I love it when you guys tag Us in stories of you listening and like cleaning or smoking weed or whatever you please doing that we of that tag Wolverine to speculate on our story. If you guys ever tag us in your story, it will repost that on our story. Also tweet us more producer Vlad promises to check. I promise. I am so bad at Twitter because I never had one. I never had a Twitter until we started this show you should log me into it cuz I it is my favorite place I should because I'll handle everything else if you can just I do love Twitter. Okay, it's my favorite of the platform's. I love that you love it because I don't even know I can't post anything on it anymore because I'm just I'm trying. Be a new man, unless like I'm firmly believing in you get what you put out right now. So I don't want to put out anything negative at all. Even if it's like like a joke, you know what I mean? I'm just not interested because I don't want to get it back, right? That's all. So what who is our guest today? Angela? Mazzanti? Oh, yeah. We already said they're sorry. What are we talking about? Oh, yeah. Okay. We're speculating about producer Flats like get back on track watching some of our other one. And it was funny because I'm like when I'm not there sometimes it just like did you see when I left? Okay guys real quick when I left that time. He's doing it now when I left that time the Aaron was there and he laid down. I was inside getting him joints from Kimmy. Okay, and they we couldn't see the whole time. Yeah. I was like I came in and like and I was when I watched that episode and I was like he's laying down for so long. You can't even see but I feel like it was fun. I feel yours, buddy. I just kept slowly creeping down lower and then you can just see my lips. Yeah producer Vlad did leave that was his fault for that one. Today's topic is about to if there's like two different topics. The original topic was to talk about the Anunnaki which we do do the Anunnaki is the story of the Anunnaki is one of my favorites. It's from ancient Sumerian Tablets basically about the creation of humans and it's a really really interesting story about how aliens created us and they had a huge hand in it. It so I'm very excited for you guys to hear that. But then we also got into talking a little bit about my favorite subject, which is are we living in a simulation because Angela mazzanti also love that subject. So it's a good episode great episode. You guys are going to love it. I can't wait to watch it. It's funny because I don't really get to see, you know, everything until it comes together because we record everything separately, you know that video the audio and everything so until the builds it, you know, I I know I have no idea what happened either every time I watch it. Like oh yeah that happened because I leave in a cloud of smoke little behind the scenes for you guys and don't remember anything that happened. But I just remember if the vibe was good or if the vibe was in I know the vibe was good on this one The Vibes been good. I feel like yeah. This has been compared with us guys. I hope you notice like from episode 1 2 episode 6 that is this x this is 7. This is 7 and then we're going to do eight today. Yeah, and we have nine, but we don't know if anyone will ever see it how many Siri how many episodes and I guess you guys just forever, you know, like what we're on season one. I think we need to take a like a three-month break at some point but or like a two-month break, but then yeah, I think you just go for like nine months. However, many opposite like 25. Yeah Twitter season, okay. Well, there you go. All right, you guys enjoy this episode of fun to speculate with Angela mazzanti where we talk about the Anunnaki as well as are we living in a simulation enjoy. Enjoy guys. Oh, hey everybody. Welcome back to a brand new episode of fun to speculate podcast the podcast where we like to speculate about crazy things. I'm Erin your host and today's guest is none other than Angela. Mazzanti Hi, how are you? Tell the world about yourself? So, my name is Anne. Hold on Applause have to boost my fucking ego. Yes. My name is Angela. Mazzanti. I am a cannabis model and I guess influencer. Yeah influence people to smoke weed. And yeah and a model for the record. I already said model where you not was no I heard that but like just I'm here today model double double up on that a model Larry. I can't say what people use that term in like don't write no your model and also a rapper rapper. Little bit, you know, I dabble yeah and a little bit of wrapping a tattoo connoisseur tattoo connoisseur almost fully covered. We love that. And today we're be speculating on basically what if humans were created by aliens and I would be telling Angela a little bit about the story of the Anunnaki. Have you ever heard about the Anunnaki? I have not but I'm very curious now. I can't wait to tell you all about it dive it is. Yeah. It is one of the most interesting stories. I know when I arrived back in the day I used. I used to work as a receptionist at a talent agency and I did nothing so I'd spend all day just looking at the craziest alien shit. You could possibly look at on the internet and I have useless information in my brain. And I know it's time to use that information. Yes, it is time to use that information. So the story of the Anunnaki comes from an ancient texts more ancient than any other texts on earth like even predates the Egyptian civilization. It's 3,700 years old and it's in Sumeria, which is current modern-day Iraq. So there's your backstory on where it is. And on this tablet. It basically sells tells the story of human creation through this alien race that comes from the 10th Planet. If you ever heard the tenth planet, I have not true Planet X some say maybe I don't know. Okay. Well Pluto. First of all Pluto is a planet again. Yeah. Okay its back. They just put it back. She's back in Action because she wasn't for a while and now she has again outside of Pluto there is An alleged 10th Planet lots of scientists say there has to be because of the certain orbits of the other planets. They just can't see it. It's so far out in space. They call this planet Nibiru and on this planet lived the ancient alien race the Anunnaki they're like big 40-foot tall not maybe not 40-foot maybe like 20 foot there much taller than humans at least double the size of humans and they lived on they live on that planet that comes through Earth every Oh, I have this fact 36,000 years. I think it orbits near Earth is what the fact is good job producer of lat. Thank you so much. So allegedly on one of their passings buyer that they needed some gold to protect their planet from solar radiation so that they decided to come to Earth which was heavy and gold they needed people to mine the Gold for them. So they brought this ancient race called the EG from another planet in these GG started mining gold out of Earth. Is before humans exist. This is like four hundred forty five thousand years ago. They get the easier to start mining the gold out that Yugi revolt against the Anunnaki the Anunnaki kill all of them. So they're like, well, we don't have enough gold. We need more gold and we need more people to do it. So the leader of the Anunnaki is named on ooh and his son or his brother's name is his something up on he was the dad the children's name are enlil and enki. Okay. Whoo, okay. First of all who came up with I know like the text the text. I don't know. It's crazy shit, right? I don't like AA new even goes back to the to like Egyptian wording, right? It's like predates. Is it like mean anything I think son? Okay. I wish I could answer that exactly. Say the question again. What is on you mean? I think it means like son or all power in ancient. Something new is the real name is short for anuraag meaning love. No is ancient name on you on him. What does on you of the Anunnaki mean? I don't know. He'll find that out. Okay. It is fun to speculate. Anyway, he had two sons enlil and enki enlil hated humans and key loves them. Oh and humans don't exist yet then how did they know if they loved humans or not? Right. I'm just jumping ahead in the story because I'm a little high. I'm so sorry about that. So they need more slaves to take the gold out of Earth. So did you heard it? You already explained about that? The Anunnaki are on and key those are and and Keith on and key. Okay and The god of the heavens and goddess of Earth, huh? So the god of the heavens is on and key was the goddess of Earth. That's a different story that I know but we will take it into consideration. I love that it going basically one of the Anunnaki crew decided to start creating different intelligent beings out of the different existing species on Earth. There's like a whole part of the text that talks about different creatures you created like out of birds like out of fish and different intelligent beings. He created some say Dolphins might be remnants of on news like experimentation, then they eventually made humans from apes and That is where we got the first humans. Okay, which is funny my okay my thing with like the evolution thing though and as far as like humans coming Apes is why don't we see that Missing Link? Okay. There's a missing link like a chromosome or like that. What do you mean like by Missing Link? Like what defines a missing link? Well just that we have like archaeological evidence for every stage of man's Evolution from apes except for when we suddenly just became Homo sapiens. Okay, so like They call it the missing link. When did we go from Homo erectus, right? I took producer vlad's phone. He can Google anything when we went from Homo erectus to Homo Sapien. There's a missing link their crew. So it could be that it was aliens that today thoughts so far. I mean, I don't know that I just don't think it's possible to like go from like an ape or anything like that to like a human because it's just it's so different I mean, They do have a lot of similarities millions of years though. Yeah lots can happen in a million years a mountain can be made in a million years. It could evolve a little bit in a million years, but not to that extent like look at how how fucking different a human is versus like an eight totally but look at how different you think humans will be in a hundred years from today just with like the advancements in technology in different things hundred years, you know about a hundred years not but I feel like it would take longer I think will be cyborgs in a hundred years. Maybe like cyborgs Cuban. Yeah both. Mmm. That's a little scary that counts as Evolution, right? I don't know does it because this is like what defines Evolution I guess I guess physical traits your Chi that change that's just like technology like cyborgs stuff like that. Hmm. Tweet us at fund. The number to speculate does cyborg human is that apple? Is that kind of sandwich every day? I hope I phrase that question. Well, please tweet us at fun the number. Speculate and follow us on Instagram at the same handle OK back to the story. So he creates them. Let's just for whatever reason he creates them humans start mining the gold. These are very early humans like the very first Homo sapiens and everything's like before like way before like the whole like gold rush kind of oh way before half a million. Yeah, they're still gold here plenty, but there was probably a lot more and so humans started getting really smart. Some of them became really beautiful. Some of the Anunnaki fell in love with some of the humans and started to breed with them and mate with them I guess and their children were called the Nephilim which were like giant humans basically eight to ten feet tall humans over Amazonian, right which they found skeletons for to prove that there were people that tall at one point before I sew some of the Anunnaki didn't like this at all and they were very angry that you know, the there their kind were it's doing it with this. Reading it. Some people were not happy about it. So they decided to leave Earth as they knew that their home planet was coming back around again and their home planet was going to cause chaos all over Earth. So instead of saying on Earth and like protecting everything and keeping going for gold. They're like, we're going to leave but some of the Anunnaki stayed behind and rescued some humans and then there was a great flood in the story actually aligns pretty well with like Noah's Noah's Ark okay like God told some one human that there was going to be a flood, you know, so that's interesting. He wipes out a bunch of the existing humans, then they get to start over but the planet did go through chaos because of their home planet passing again, 36,000 years ago chaos and like what sense though, like the great flood every piece of land like probably different things like that were it's like probably the gravitational pull this unfamiliar gravitational pull is it came through Earth and I'm not a scientist but probably pulled on the ocean so hard that it like rose the oceans over the water. Do you know air over the land to you know, I mean, yeah some crazy. Shit, but yeah, that is basically the story of the Anunnaki and how they created humans. Okay thoughts. So my only like thought with all this is I don't have you ever watched Zeitgeist know so it's basically it goes back and like every I guess kind of the start of like Egyptian religion and all of that words like it starts selling essentially the same stories is like Jesus, but it's like their version of it. Yeah similar stories throughout time kind of makes me feel like that where it's like, oh like there was this great flood and it translates back to like the Bible and all these other places where it's like there was obviously there was some sort of flood at the at that point. Yeah, and there's also like a Garden of Eden sort of alignment to the Garden of Eden alliance with when the Anunnaki experimented with creating different creatures and we're in like it was in a garden and like all this stuff too. So there are similar like alignments there. So that's my only thing that would like deter me away from thinking like, oh, yeah. This is like this makes sense because it's like there's so many stories of like this same circumstance. Happening in different religions and different ideals that it's like then what is the truth? Right? This happened all over and all these spots? So it's like which one is correct? This one is this one is interesting because it's it goes back far enough in a way that and I'm sure there's been some like Egyptian text that has been misinterpreted that might have included knowledge about aliens, but I'm not totally sure of any if there is any please email us at fun to thoughts at fun to speculate.com. I'd love to look them over. But you know, this is the most ancient texts and it talks about like literally they came from the sky like they are aliens from another planet. They reference another planet in our solar system that came here and created humans. Do you believe in aliens? I don't know. I think that there's a possibility of it. I'm not like a hundred percent sure. I obviously don't think it's like what society and movies make us seem to think like aliens are. Oh, I love that. Let's talk about this because I'm sometimes so gung-ho Pro a And I forget that like like I just love to have conversation by it. Tell me what tell me what you don't like about movies and societies depictions. Well, I mean, I agree they they depict them as like this sort of like monster and the sort of like weird Eerie character, but it's like what what if they look somewhat like us but different in certain ways, right? I have a friend who's like, I don't think that there's any aliens like humans out there all and they're all totally different now. I'm like, well, there's no way to like with the amount of time and space are is like There's no way to be able to fully tell unless something came here. Right? But like if you look at like like how long it would take you to the travel till I don't know like the sun or something like that. Like it's a lot longer than the I'm not there's this is no way to like figure out how much time there's in space. So it's like, who knows what's out there? Who knows? How was your day? Yeah, and I wonder how could you know, but like the I do think that there are like humanoid beings I there I totally think that there have to be like that look similar to us whether their skin maybe is a different color their hair. A different color, you know, I think that like if there's life and if Earth has the conditions for life on other planets like Earth might spring out certain different situations. I've also done like a lot of research into like different abductees and their accounts of what kind of aliens they saw and different people who Channel certain aliens and people who worked at top secret government agencies that have met aliens and it just seems like You know take everything with a grain of salt but like there are multiple referrals of specific alien races that are in contact with all the time. Like, you know, there's like the Nordic whites who are like just like ethereal light skinned blond-haired beings. There's the grey aliens obviously, you know, the ones with the big heads the big round heads. Lots of people talk about that like thinking to like what it like what if animals and humans were on like different planets and it's like we would think like, oh my God, that's so crazy. Like they didn't have animals here. Then we come across this other species, right? So it's like thinking like that like there has to be something out there because it's like if that if there wasn't like then it would only be humans on one planet wouldn't be like a multi different species. Yeah. Have you heard of the Kepler Telescope? Wait, maybe I don't know. It's a big old telescope way out there in space. And right now it's taking pictures of all the stars constantly and monitoring their dim and every time it dims that means like a planet is going in front of it. And from this they can judge how far all the planets around that star. RR and if they would be habitable to life and there are hundreds of thousands just within our viewing that our earth like so I mean, it's pretty crazy to even like I feel like any like type of species that starts like popularizing on a planet like it's going to grow to those conditions. So even conditions that we think aren't acceptable right they've obviously adapted to such right and everybody's like, oh like life could be so lucky, but if you really look at life as a whole to me and the way the world works, It's like life always finds a way to persist. There's things everywhere. It's just so weird. And I mean granted we've had like millions of years like on this planet whatever but like it's just so weird how in place everything is how like Society goes like looking at like the roads and like freeways and stuff like that. Like it's just weird that it came from like nothing now like everything it almost makes you feel like it's can't be real. I see that's and that's where like I get very into like the whole simulated reality Theory okay with that. But yeah, it's like How can everything like coexist not perfectly but like how can everything coexist like how it is? Sorry listeners were going to go on another 10 minute rant about the do we live in in a little a simulated reality again? It's my favorite topic. Let's do honestly I when I first heard it my fiance was telling me and I was like, there's no way that doesn't that just doesn't seem realistic. But I think it's he's more so big on like the if once we see it it exists, so it's like a video game where it's always constantly loading and I'm like, no, I don't got to I think that like was travel like how much money you have like gets you to load and buffer your game faster. Like if you can only drive from here to California, then you have to load that whole time. There's not a lot in between, you know what I mean, but I don't think that because I think more so on the theory of like, what's the movie? Shoot. What is it Truman Show? Yeah that one I knew it. It's always these two conversations. I knew it. I knew it what it like think about it though, like everything not and not so much to the extent of like everyone around you is an actor, but why everyone else is in on this like that? We're all just kind of living in this essential bubble. That's the world and like what if it's all just being done for testing and like what if it's all just being done to see like what humans do and like so do you think that there's like you That exists outside of this game that plugs into the game. Do you think it's a game? You don't think that I don't think it's a game I do I think it I think we if if we're simulation it easy. I definitely agree like we could just like this could be our reality and we're just computer programs like in here living Sims beat bopping around our lives like little like bacteria inside of a fucking to the Earth could be an atom. Everything is so keeps going further and further down and further and further up like the Earth could be an atom inside of another. We could be at on a snowflake we could be who knows. I don't know. It's just so weird. How life is as well. It is weird. I don't know what it means. I don't know like what's the start and end of all of this? Yeah, like what is the meaning of life? And what is I keep wanting to say comment down below if you're watching on the weed too by the way listeners if you want to watch us hang out you can go to the weeds of.com for the fun to speculate we'd tube channel and watch us but and comment down below do what is the meaning life? Do you think do you think this is a simulated reality? Do you think like no like, this is just Adam and Eve. Did the dirty and started life and whatnot and or know, I was raised in a Catholic background. So like growing up it was always like God put us here. Yes, and that would as growing up I've gotten away from that because it's like but what is God what is like, how does something like that just create this like, oh just so I'm I grew up really religious to the Lutheran. And what wait, where do you where you identify on the spirituality Spectrum today? I guess I would say atheism, okay. Okay, you don't feel spiritual at all. Not really. Like I don't I don't Universe. What do you mean about the universe? Like the universe is got your back. I love that I mean Karma and stuff like that. Yes, that's spiritual. Okay, that isn't buying into a spiritual thing. Yeah. I think you are you're buying into there's something greater than what we can see happening because if Karma's not real then you can just go shit on everybody true. But I feel like your actions like I mean, you're okay producer flattens getting a little wild over there. I feel like your actions like I mean essentially can kind of control I guess I don't know your actions to determine your outcome. Yeah, so it's like if you're a shitty person that show you things are going to happen you not because of the universe but because like other people see that in other people recognize that because in their real time, yeah, but I don't know that it's I don't consider it spiritual personally. Okay, very interesting. I love that. I'm pretty spiritual. I just buy into like there's a greater plan and I'm just trying to lean into it. But what is that greater plan is Michael like I feel like we would No, it's like I feel like the greater plan would be for like a the thing that makes the most sense is the most obvious is like a good versus evil of Earth-like. Are you are we going to kill ourselves because of the that we were running the planet or if we have wow knocking stuff over or if we have like Wars or any of that stuff. Like are we going to kill ourselves is that the challenge is that the game make the Goodwin know what's like the end goal with all of this is like is it just to like I think the end goal is to live. Yeah, but there is there's so many people are not living with so many people get stuck in like, oh we need to once I grow up and like I graduate high school now, I need to go to college and get a job and it's like so many people are on this like one track life or it's just like not enjoying life as it is and that's where I believe that the world is a simulation see and I don't want to go into it too much because there's a lot I've worked a 9 to 5. I get it working like that. But sometimes I think like the people who like Everything it's like is that just the simulation? Does it really exist until I see it with my own eyes. Are there really oily rigs in the ocean drilling oil for us to power these houses, or will it not be there until I go look at it with my own eyes. I think it's all it's just a new challenge in the video game on that note. I think we should take a quick break. I'm very excited to have this episode sponsored. I hope you're excited to just listen to this quick little summary about this great awesome product that I'm going to tell you about and you're gonna You're gonna be so happy. Okay, today's sponsor is clar wind Clara wind is a brand new company out of Korea and they specialize in making air purifiers clairwood air purifiers are aah am certified in which is the association of home appliances manufacturer. They have an ETL certificate and they have a cadr value which is clean air delivery rate. I have a car when air purifier in my home and I love it a lot. It has a lot of different functions like eighteen steps on fan speed plus turbo mode automatic mode, which is really cool. Like if I smoke We'd my house and air purifier senses. It it just turns right on it has sleep mode a turn on timer iot smart app for Android and iPhone and it also works with the Alexa home system. You can compare Clara wind air purifiers to any other brand but if you're looking at the cadr, it's impossible to find similar products at a similar price Claire would air purifiers are recommended to Allergy and Asthma patients pet lovers. Of course, it's great for smokers as well as people who work in Dusty places like workshops. You can use coupon code errand and that's my name ar e ND four to zero that's errand for 20 for a discount. You actually literally get 35% off. Can you believe that if producer Vlad was here right now, he would not be able to believe that he is here. He's just not on the mic. Can you believe it for deserve that? It's crazy coupon code errand for 20. Yeah. Thank you so much Clara win for sponsoring this episode of fun to speculate. We appreciate you so much. Like I said, I used car when air purifier in my home actually have two of them. They're both set up on automatic. Really really enjoy them. I've noticed a sincere difference, especially because in Colorado we currently have an F rating from the American Lung Association and our air quality is really not that great. That's why I was so excited to get a car window of my own and work with them. So thank you so much glare when for sponsoring this episode. We appreciate you again. If you guys are interested you can get it at the link in the show notes or on amazon.com coupon code errand for 20. Oh my God, they're ranked number four out of 200 different models by energy star number four at a 200 models. That's really Good for those of you who don't know how to spell Clara wind its KLA are wi and d That's Claire went. Hey Lar wi ND coupon code errand for 20 AR ENT 4 2 0 on amazon.com get yourself 35% off clean your air feel better about thank you. Clara wind. We appreciate you. Okay, and we're back. So during the break Angela mazzanti and I were talking about planes. Yeah, and because your girl is going on a plane tonight. Yeah, and she doesn't like flying. In my response to that is like think about you don't think about planes being part of the simulation. I mean like not yes and no I feel like if you think about them being part of the simulation they matter less. My whole thing about playing is this weird is like the amount of mass being able to fly that high in the air like and whatnot and that everybody's safe inside of it. And you're going 600 600 miles an hour, but it doesn't feel like it now. I feel like nothing so just weird because the video game said so hmm that planes get me on that shit cars like sitting like if I'm really high and I'm in the passenger seat of a car and like the music's on I will just stare at other cars on the highway and try to like dissect how the fuck that got there. Like all the way we go from like here's electricity. We figured it out too. Like here's a car here's a car mean I know like in like this road is here and like Everything's just here. Everything's just perfect where it needs to be now. I have everything I need. I don't have anything. I don't need stuff we have and yeah, I mean, I guess there's probably stuff that in the future. We'll have the we want but it's a it's weird. How were alive at the perfect time. Yeah. You don't mean we're all we're older people really alive back then you know, what if you'd like, were you really in the 50s? Like what did you really see that or is that just like a figment of your brain, too? So that I get your memories. I don't know. You know what I mean? Yeah, this is like we didn't experience so we don't know where movies really made or were they made for us to believe that a time period existed see but I think that time yeah, but it's speculative. I don't believe it. It's speculative. I don't believe it. Okay, it's speculative. Don't write me about how your grandma hates me in the comments. Yeah. Don't come for me the comments. Don't tell me how your grandma's gonna be mad at me because I said she wasn't really Even the 50s it's fine. I believe that she was it's better to believe that they were and even if the simulation is a simulation they were alive in the 50s. That is the reality. The stimulation is still a reality. I think our simulation the simulation thing though is just our world, right like the world the universe or not the universe because the universe is bigger, but it's like what if like these people are sitting and like these offices and just like every day they like look at different things and they put different things in your in your way to like. Okay. Let's see how you overcome this obstacle. You think it's like on at that level to partially not like fully but I think it is possible. What if I'm in a video game and were like the only players, you know what I mean? Like the people that we know and no further are the players of the game. Yes, and nothing else exists. You know what I mean? Yeah, but I don't think it is. I think everyone exists everywhere but it's like even if it is think everybody's this every works. It's too large of a scale to like right. I'll be fake right I I think that either way if you're in the simulation the simulation is your reality. It doesn't matter. There's nothing you can do about it. Like like what do you think happens when you die, do you think you wake up from this video game or do you think like you transition into like another part of life? Like I feel like reincarnated. Yeah. I think I've talked about this every episode. So sorry listen earlier getting drone on about this. I believe that we have souls which are like infinite energies. You don't think we have souls. Oh, really? You just think you're dying then that's it. Yes, Angela. No, but I Can I say something on that? So you're made up though. What do you think about being made up of the material that the universe is made out of I don't know. Yeah, but your Consciousness. Yeah your part but I mean like when you're when you DK you become your atoms and everything break back down into its most basic form. Yeah, your body goes back into the universe right your mill fire. I guess maybe if you consider your body's put you know atomic Or Adams, I mean they technically yes. She's in the waiting argue with me about my thoughts about the universe every episode and now he's just jerking it with it. I love it. Listen producer Vlad. I agree with you. We do get back to the universe but there's another reality another dimension above this. I believe that our souls exist within and that other, you know things that we can't see because we're three dimensional beings in a higher Dimension analysis feel like your souls essentially just your brain and like that's what makes you you not but how is your what is your brain? We don't even know them. It is yeah it is but why can why does everything else have a brain and why can we ask the question? What are we maybe it's just the because no one else can answer ask that question. No other animals, right? Maybe they are but just in a different language, what if like when dogs bark they're like saying the same kind of shit we're saying that would be wild. It's producer Vlad over there. She's getting this lighting lit. I didn't do it. I have no I never under the tape. I never gone on do at 8:00. I never going to undo a tape like your death is pre-planned. Oh, that's a good one. We happen. Yeah, like your numbers already written before you decide. I think it is. I don't think there's too many circumstances that happen in life. And like I don't know I've watched a lot of videos about like, oh a glitch in The Matrix, like there was one I was watching and it was like the lady I went to go get Del Taco or something like that if Adele talk, It's the sponsor this video let us know but what I would love they went up to get like their food at the drive-through window and I guess the lady pause like a really weird awkward random pause and then they were like that was weird drove off whatever and then was at a stop sign and was about to go and a car ran through the stop sign and if they would have been a second later it would have hit so it's situations like that that makes you think like yes, your death is predetermined. Okay, but it's situations like that that make me believe that the Universe exists and it has your back like I believe that like if someone takes forever to give me my change like to stay cool and be fine because I'm avoiding a car accident. Yes. Do you know what I mean? Yes, if that connection makes any sense. So no, I don't think your deaths predetermined because I think life is full of a lot of choices. I think that there are different depths. Depending on different choices parallel universe almost maybe yeah for sure. If I would have done that instead of that then that per side and there are physicists that say every time you make a choice it splits off into a different reality making the opposite choice of the one you made but then where's that reality? Like, where's that reality going on and happening right next to us? I like at the same time. I think if I understand correctly, I don't know. I don't know either thoughts. We're just Vlad. No, nothing like that. I mean what that watch on the weed tube.com? Yeah, it's crazy to any any other thoughts about the Anunnaki and Aliens creating the human race now after talking about all this. I don't know it did to me. It just sounds so much like so many different stories that have like been told before in other religions and everything. So, I don't know maybe they're there's got to be some And we're here. There's got to be some reason and how we were created and what not. Right? Because the most recent religious texts. I feel like our whole manipulated by old people and written to control the masses chronologically. The Bible goes in order as far as what Society was like, right so back when the very first chapters were written, you know pre New Testament you with we weren't allowed to talk to you to know, you know, how women were treated. Well, that's why those chapters reflect that right and the rules and you know, what they thought at that time was normal as should the chapters go on did women ever have respect in any point in the Bible. I think later in the Bible in the New Testament and the New Testament though. It doesn't talk as much about how women can't teach how women can't you and correct me if I'm wrong listeners, but what I'm trying to say by that is if you look at the Bible and you look at the time that Chapter was supposedly written. You can relate it very directly to the person who's writing it and their thoughts and how they grew up in that time. Mmm. Do you know what I mean? Because they're relaying their interpretation of what the word of God is great. But this oldest one this this instrument area literally says from another planet different race came, it's like soda script and it's like the first one is like how if what you're saying is there's like all these through lines. And then you go to the source right now. What if like all this stuff happened whatever but it was like a big not a big group of people but like a group of people who were like, we're all gonna split off in our own ways and maybe the meaning of life and the meaning of legal and what behind what happened really like was it isn't meant to be told is it meant to be known and it's just essentially separate us. Yeah, and it's like hey you go in your group you go in your room and segregate us. Mmm in a sense that way because like what would what would happen if everybody like Long and nothing coexisted everything great in the world. But if you want Power you have to divide and conquer. Look much, like certain countries political systems IDK, you decide, you know in just slightly rant on that. That's that's one of the whole things that frustrates me about our political system is it's like it's one or the other you can't like no one everybody wants to have a conversation about something different than what we have. But then when you go to do it, everybody just says, nope can't be this is what it is. But he's toast you're wasting your time. You're wasting your time. Not just doing what we're telling you to do. I hate that comes from like Both sides of the party right and look at the hate that comes from people who speak our minds. I think that we as a society should learn to be a lot better to listen to each other and not like it either side and I get it a lot of the things from either side that people say are infuriating and it's from either side. It's I go to my dad's house in there all staunch Republicans and they talk about democratic ideals and they just get angry and I go to democratic functions. Have you ever watched? The guy Steven Crowder who does the louder with Crowder? Yeah, love love love. I don't know if you do that's controversial love his segments and I love his side of things because it's a different side of things and you see so many people glove there just like ready to like be angry and whatnot and not have facts behind them. There are some that I like yes. There are some that I feel like are inflammatory and he's a bit of an asshole. Oh, yeah, and I mean, yeah, obviously and see yeah, I mean both Like I was saying both sides get so angry at each other. I wish we could live in a world where you could have a discount have a discussion. It doesn't have to be so like angry about what another person's thought patterns are that's not going to get anywhere for anybody. I think I think it's good for people to sit down and be like this is this is what I believe and not necessarily even the like changed my mind but like talk about it because it's like you might present something that like, I wouldn't normally think of right just like it is with anybody like but the Senate's it's so like like criminally opposite that you can't even like Common Sense gets lost like gun protection like yeah stronger background checks for people to buy guns get rid of fucking a site assault rifles. You don't need it end of the day the people like gun control doesn't make a difference because at the end of the day people who want to find guns are still going to find guns be true very true. So it's like as much as we want to control things in like it's not going to make a difference because those people who are doing those horrible things with guns are Not getting them legally, right? That's true our did they not get them legally? What about the Aurora shooting guy? Did he get his legally he did? Yeah. He actually walked in right like a he had been stocking up but I think he went and like Balkans that day like more equally stuff in his name, but even if like because he wasn't crazy. I mean he wasn't he didn't have the mental issues. He had a couple years before so going and I don't want to go into that topic, but I That evaluations for mental illness need to be a regular scheduled think he's gone honors, you know what I mean? Because you can develop stages of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses later in life in your 30s and your 40s and if you own guns and you're not, you know, you're in your doctor, I think your doctor should be able to say and have an input on whether or not you're stable enough to have seen a doctor in like 15 years. My doctor would be like who? Yeah. No actually I like a lot of what you said. That's very interesting. I do feel like yeah, a lot of the Common Sense stuffs gets, you know washed out because everybody's so anti the other side and then people don't wonder why I like things don't happen in the way that we want them to and I'm so climate change that like it's hard for me to understand why anything else is a priority period like you lose the planet to the Next Generation. You know what I mean? Like is that what people people who aren't paying attention that and don't essentially An aren't seeing it that way they're just seeing like well, we're good. Hey, like it's fine. What about your kids and the kids after they don't think about that? I don't feel that's Karma. Yeah, there's karma in that spiritual Karma. I think I think they just see like well, I've grown up fine. It's cool. Nothing's really changed that much. Yeah, you only see what you see right people are these people aren't like going around the other side of the world and seeing how it's affecting different parts of like the world our country, right? If we let me ask you this if you don't think climate change is real and you've never been Outside of your home state or your home country sit down. You don't you have to go you have to like like why this is the whole other thing. I'm like America, whatever. Yeah. Sure same but like why did went since when did it become America? We don't care about anybody else. Yeah. I don't get that are supposed to be allies with other people. Yeah, what makes somebody different because they live in a different country like oh like, oh, you don't matter these countries are going to be underwater in 10 years. I don't care. Yeah. Well, they're going to be refugees. They're going to ask to come here or anywhere else. It's just like why not care. Why is it not our planet? We're all on this one planet like we should all give a shit. truth being spoken today with Angela mazzanti pretty survive. So I was like, what is he doing over there? Little late? No, it's good. It's good. We love that. We love that. Thank you. I think so too. I think we're impacting people's lives. I hope so. I hope we're making people think at least yeah side of the Box. Let us know what you are thinking tweet us your thoughts. If you're just like listening and you're like, you're both fucking stupid. Yeah tag us in your Instagram stories while you listen be like these people are crazy, you know. What else can we speculate on? I love speculating. It's my favorite. What do you like to speculate about when you get really baked? I mean, we don't know if you want to go in a gun control. I love a controversial topic. Is there another one that I know enough about? Okay. Something happens what is guns never existed? Well, we would probably still not be there we go. Well there would be ways that people would figure out essentially magic is always the culprit to so magic is the culprit. So in a world where he said, you know, what have guns never existed magic is interfering and no one will ever make it done. It's just magic. Yes, so they're so nice. Yes, so it's like would people go on like Mass knife stabbings knife stabbing people probably invent lasers It seems a little more advanced. It does seem a little more advanced. Do you think we'll ever be able to like lightsaber people in half? Yes, I think yeah, I think it's already there because they have like they have lasers to like cut through metal and stuff like that. So what would that not cut through a person's body? Okay. How well what do you yeah, go ahead. I was gonna say there's a show on Netflix. That's really interesting called like secret Technologies and it talks a lot about like scientists talk about like they have this already they've been they've given it but It's classified for the reasons of getting into the wrong hands. I think like they don't want to mass-produce. I think that's the reason why we don't have jet packs or things where we could just fly around. I mean, could you it's control it? That'd be like giving audience of Dubai their puppy of jet back the purpose of the violence. They give your kid a jet back. If you like have fun. The prince of Dubai has a jetpack. We're short. He has a gold G solid gold G what very attracts all the gold. He's very charged if I used As I wrote my book that I'm writing you're listening and you need any sugar babies we have multiple for you. I'm trying to be your wife. Okay, I earned his wife. I'm trying to hear what I was him. I would wife you up. Thank you. Yeah, he's gorgeous and he he also is about my wife. I was gonna say something about him, but I forgot Well, I don't remember he's gorgeous. Oh, I'm just tell me social media. Do you feel like it's being used to control us over like dumb us down or like make us Focus. I don't know like what do you think about like, why was social media and punk implemented? What is it for real? I think that they were great ideas by great people for that are part of a greater cause to help people come together and I think one day will evolve past social media into telepathy towards each other. We'll learn how to control our own minds but you don't think like there's no part of social media that's like essentially toxic. No, yeah certainly talks manipulated by the man manipulated by the man to like make us not pay attention or like pay attention to certain things like oh, hey this whole Wars Going on and then like look this happened right now. So now like this is trending and people forget about things like that or like there's this whole like virus outbreak and like it's barely shared about on like social media, like now it's starting to like come because now it's starting to get into the us, but I've been watching that she like a hawk same I'm not about it you be flying you better start wearing a face mask. I've been wearing a face mask good but the thing is with that virus like they're making it seem a little bit more to I mean not to say it's not deadly and not to say it's not like a big deal, but if you look at like What's 50 people have died so far? And yes, they're all old and weak but as viruses grow they get stronger. That's if they don't contain that virus now, then it's going to be spreads if it weren't so cold. Yeah spreads even worse if it learns to adapt to all these different temperatures and starts getting replayed the fucking game on the phone the plague know there's this like play game you can download on your iPhone and you try like kill the whole planet with a black it's sketch but it's very fun, but it's fine. It's fine. It's a game. Wouldn't I mean it's not ideal. I mean, I'm not out here being like that. Let's start plagues but like, you know, it was funny. But yeah, I that that Wuhan the Wuhan virus is what they're calling. It's already there's five cases of it in the u.s. Now and this podcast will be out so much later. We might all be dead from the Wuhan virus by then. We got before we one comes. I think it's so not funny to joke about it because I feel like we're fucking it's a serious they literally built a hospital of Mike. In seven days after they're almost done with it. Yeah, it's crazy. That is insane. Imagine. I have a friend who's a YouTuber. They're pretty popular YouTuber. He's they're filming a movie and he's yeah that town. He's like one city above Wuhan and I'm like, ooh, ooh and he's like, I can't leave I'm contractually obligated. No one's acting like it's a big deal where I am yet. They're not even acting like it's a big deal here yet. Yeah. Oh, I feel like I'm seeing everywhere. Yeah, let's go. Downstairs in a fish market became transmittable via human human contact. I know that that's two different types of Transmissions. That usually doesn't happen. It's fucking how how it went from it like a fish market though to a person like I don't get eating. Okay eating the fish. So then how did the fish get it just like developed this like bacterial virus possibly from the ocean. This might be the one you know, what if like this was all caused because of our actions to the Ian and I don't know how viruses work. Do you know how viruses work if you know how the virus is? What could it be because of a change in acidity to the ocean or oil dropping in the ocean or plastic in the ocean viruses? Yeah, like could that like develop in a fish because of like what was they got it from eating the fish? I don't know. I know what a virus Dino how a virus attaches because it's different than like a cold but it's like the virus isn't it? Because a cold you is bacteria is it cold looks like? All right sponge. Imagine like it's SpongeBob's Mom. That's what a bacteria like colder cold looks like and you can take antibiotics for it. If you get a virus it has these spiky, you know pointy things all around it defend itself and the latch will that lot? Yeah and they lack they latch on to what your white blood cells. I don't know and they never but you can't use antibiotics you can I'm not a doctor yet to use an anti-virus and they don't have the antivirus for this tension. New right. They said in possibly in three months, I could have it think about what can happen in three months a lot. I mean look at what's happened and I don't know how long it's been going on so far out there. But when did it start I want to say it's only been like a one or two weeks. That's a if you find out we can find out the progression we can find out what it'll be out in three months at that growth rate. They predicted to be similar to like the influenza outbreak so far. That is very similar to like SARS and Mars. Okay. So ready some viruses may have evolved from bits of DNA or RNA that escaped from genes of larger organisms. The Escape DNA could have come from plasmids pieces of naked DNA that move between cells or trans bonds molecular DNA that replicate or move around to different positions within the genes of cells. So I think it has to do more with it attacking DNA then DNA cells I don't know. Is in our DNA and all of ourselves, can I look up like a layman's term for this Yaks couldn't understand anything. Yeah, I didn't either I kind of did yeah, I mean that little let's let's put let's say a little prayer for the world that that is not Dear and holy simulation, please put in the codes. To make them find the virus faster. So it is a it is a DNA thing. It's very much a DNA thing and that's why there's no cures for them. That's why you know aids/hiv all that those viruses are incurable because it actually it says in layman's terms what it does is virus is reproduced by getting their nucleic acid strand or you curio cells to take over the cell Machinery reproduce copies of itself in a protein coat and then burst open. Reading the virus. I love that they can cure this one in three months and they can't cure HIV cute. Yeah. Well, let's hope the Wuhan virus gets better. Let's hope we don't have to deal with it. One more thing. I want to ask you about Angela. All right the singularity. What do you mean the moment that AI comes into existence and takes over everything? Basically, I mean a eyes already come into exist. Yes. Yes, but I'm talking let's talk about the singularity when it's a full being. Okay that has its own thoughts entirely and can make decisions and probably in that very moment in like the snap of a finger will be able to control like everything. I mean you look at like I don't know if you've seen like these like robots that they're building the like do tasks and tasks and whatnot or like the ones that they're using to learn how to kind of like fight and fire guns and stuff like that. Yep. I've seen videos. Where's won't be fought by humans for long. Then what's the point there? I fucking agree. What is the whole fucking point? Like what's the point if like well because I one side robot, you know one side will have robots and you won't see that would make more sense than but like what I would assume like if we're working on in other places her working on it. Definitely. I'm sure you know, I was watching this video robot wars like that seems kind of cool. I'm kind of down for that. Yeah. I've heard, you know, we have a tense relationship with China. Sometimes if we were to go war with China I was video that was like they have like 1/10 of the Navy that we do and I'm like they got to be sitting on some Secrets just like technology that they're just gonna yeah like and is already there to buzzards like computer buzzards that are just going to murder every American flyover in a flock they drop it off from a submarine they fly up into California and they just murder everybody China scares me because I'm like there was something I heard about that whole virus though that like China created it oh no it doesn't seem good to their plan my initial reaction was like oh that's not good they need all those people to take over the world have a lot of people there though the most people yeah or India who's in first right now India or China most amount of people population India's and fresh yeah that's why I have all this Indian guy Snapchatting me no there you go there's a lot of them and I don't know how to get my Snapchat hmm I'll be honest well they follow you yeah but like from Instagram is there really that many Indian people you should look at your Instagram audience and see how many people have been be a volume not that many it's really not like I have a lot of followers from Taiwan which I don't know how that happened is we legal there I don't think so no yeah like death sentence I think okay India is not passed China yet but there are expected to be 36 percent higher than them it's a how long 2050 okay if you're trying to stick in your comments and Bobs yeah Is that what they say sometimes, you know, I've gotten like you've never seen like the the song that they made to of just like a collection of Facebook messages from Indian guys saying like send Bob's no vagina vagina. Okay, great. Oh, wow. Well on that note his auntie. Thanks for speculating with me. Thank you for having me. I had so much fun. I want to have you back on. Yes. I want you to come with the topic. I love your topics. We should have just done yours the whole time. We should just talk about the simulation all time. Producer vlad's as I talk about me we pretty much much. Yeah, we did it's crazy shit when you really think about it a lot to it. There's nothing you couldn't goes in with aliens to what if they're have you watched The Matrix like way back in the day, you gotta watch it. Now. Do you think that you need to watch so there's a bunch of Reddit threads? Okay about like glitches in The Matrix and I what we watch a lot of like storage while we're driving will put on YouTube and it's like people telling their experiences with the glitch in The Matrix, definitely. The Matrix glitches sometimes I love that well thanks Angelo for being here thank you guys for listening please rate the podcast with five stars on oh wait no Angela where can they follow you you can follow me on Instagram Angela underscore mazzanti I'm now a tick talker so follow me on Tick Tock me to Aaron loves you Angela mazzanti no spaces or anything wow and definitely please rate the podcast five stars wherever you're watching it leave a like leave a comment we she ate you so much and we'll see you next Wednesday