So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful. Beautiful sister my beautiful friend Aura has joined me for tonight's podcast while Kimora. Hi Don. Hi everyone or a this is our second time doing the podcast together. Yes, it is. We did one months ago and it was so much fun. It was fun. And it was so big it was going to be that fun. Really I eat it. I was nervous. You mean you haven't been a guest on many podcasts. That was my first get out of here and you will know I don't be fooled me and your only first and only and it was it was fun and it was therapeutic for me. Yeah, like, you know, the truth is sitting here with you always is our conversations always feel like mini therapy sessions because anything that we discuss is a very like important and significant and I always walk away feeling like and we dig in right you dig in we get to the we get to the real guts of things, right? Cook very very quickly and evolution. It's efficient and sometimes Savvy which is what you got to be today. And every time I either hang up on you hang up the phone with you or walk away from a conversation with you. I'm always thinking that should have been recorded right? So that's why I said, you know what let's do another podcast together because I feel like whoever is listening and has probably similar, you know, struggles or similar concerns or similar life journey, and they could just take something away from it, you know, hopefully I hope so yeah, I think so because I think we talked about real like human the common human thread that we all sort of right of just being of just being part of this crazy beautiful life this life that you partly feel so grateful for and you're always like reminding yourself to be grateful and you're so thankful for your blessings and at the same time day in and day out you're finding that there's so many challenges and so many difficult moments that you're always navigating between Fighting off anger frustration depression and trying to remember to feel exhaustion hunger and then also always just wanting to be like no stop. I should be grateful. I should feel blessed. I should be happier. That's a big one feeling like you should be happier. Right? We put a lot of pressure on ourselves to be happier. Right? I mean, they wrote it right into the American dream, right the pursuit of happiness, right? That was a big mistake, but I speak about this at one of my Seminars the pursuit of which was brilliant because they didn't say the acquiring of or the maintaining of they said the pursuit and the pursuit is the chase because they understood that happiness is something you need to run after and grab onto it's not going to come knocking at your door. There is very well said well, that's that was their Brilliance kids and that's it. That that is what it's all about. That's the journey that's the journey and then the other brilliant person horse that spoke about happiness wish little hemella who said you know, who is happy one who is is satisfied with their lives? Right? And that's another brilliant person because this is a person that had everything and more right? He had Marbella everything he had everything in Surplus and he figured out that none of it brought him happiness. And that he figured out that happiness just comes from within right. So like this constant need to feel happy and to find happiness and you always think it's gonna be that next big thing that's going to bring it to you. Is that true or not? Does the next big thing bring happiness? Maybe someone will tell you get there in some instances, but the happiness can't that's the thing it might bring happiness. Nobody's going to say that getting married doesn't bring happiness or winning the jackpot doesn't bring happiness. Of course these things these Milestones are these good fortunes do the thing is that the happiness doesn't last? Well, that's an interesting thing that I read gosh that I tell you this before. They did a study they looked at people who won the lottery Lon Lotto. You know millions or billions or whatever they win like the mega and yeah, and then they looked at people that suffered like a terrible tragedy. Somebody was in an accident and became a quadriplegic right? They took two groups of people and they studied over time turns out that within two years time the group that suffered a tragedy were happier than the group that won the lottery. Now that is telling an interesting. Yeah, that's worth thinking about. Well, the first thing that comes to mind when I hear that is that something about going through a challenge brings out something in us that is unattainable otherwise meaning when you go through something difficult and God forbid we should ever know of such things in the example that you gave but even day-to-day cry Caesar. Challenges that we go through I do believe in my own life. I have seen time and time again that where I wouldn't necessarily choose for that thing to have happen because it is aggravating and upsetting and stressful. But when I look back at it in hindsight, even if it's just hours later, I will discover that I did gain something from it. I will notice like, oh wow, like I am stronger than I think you know or oh, I'm glad that happened because that happened as a result, you know, so maybe that's what that study was. Maybe it was that You know happiness that is coming from winning the lottery you didn't you didn't grow. Maybe you didn't learn you didn't I think it's yeah, you didn't grow exactly but I think it's underlining what you just said moments earlier about Shlomo hemella. True happiness is just being happy with your lot. And of course, it takes tremendous growth in a bad situation to be happy and to be happy with your lot when you've lost so much, but that is true happiness to win the lottery and to have a lot of stuff. doesn't lend itself to finding true happiness just lends itself because you Having a lot of stuff, right? So I guess that's probably why so many people walk around on happy because they're so busy looking for something that they don't have as opposed to staying focused on what they do have. Right? Right, and it's It's harder. It's harder to hmm lost my train of thought there. It was going to be good. I bet it would have been I you guys listening don't know but I just felt such great Vibes just now when she was thinking you have no idea but the point is really is that I think that what we're what we're making a mistake as a society is and I could speak personally for this. Is that on a daily basis I get upset at myself when I'm not feeling like And appreciating my life or I'm not feeling like I'm as happy as I should be because I feel like yeah, I want to be happy but how do you think me to be happy when I just got so aggravated, you know, or how am I supposed to be happy when money is tight or how am I supposed to be happy when you're dealing with all type of different difficulties, you know what I mean? Right and then you and then you end up feeling like regret that you wasted your time being unhappy. It's like this vicious cycle. Right and you have to figure out how to climb out of the cycle and you have to figure out how to say to yourself. Okay. Listen, nothing is going to be perfect. If I'm the way for things to be perfect. I'll be waiting til. I'm blue in the face. Nothing's perfect in life. And so I have to now embrace the imperfections of my life. Right and we talked about this the other day. Do you remember this conversation on Friday? We were chatting about the fact. Oh, that's what I was just going to tell you. No way. That's awesome. Okay, like when you do that, no problem. My pleasure. No, I mean I was we were on the phone on Friday and I was middle of making a potato kugel. I had some potatoes in the blender. Yeah, she's something else you were cooking it was judging away. And I was as I was judging I was also having an epiphany because we tend to meet over 10 to do this often. We have epiphanies at all sorts of moments because you know, some people have epiphanies like when they're on the Mountaintop looking over at the sunset, right but over and I have epiphanies as we're throwing the damp load into the dryer. It's a good thing. We're not waiting to The Mountaintop, we waited we would be waiting. I don't even know how long we'd still be waiting. So the Epiphany on Friday was this I was saying to you that I have made this created this metaphor for myself that's been helping me which was life and it's going to sound trite. But give me a give me a note give me a moment to explain it life is literally a road trip, right? I compare life to a road trip. Okay, the people that you are on the road trip with okay. Well those Are your loved ones that you're going through life with and life is like that road trip and it's the journey and you don't really have any specific destination. You're sort of just taking a road trip and they're going to be bumps in the road. Right? And what I said to you was every time that car hits one of those potholes it's uncomfortable. Right. It's uncomfortable. It makes you feel carsick. It's not what you wanted to try to avoid them. But at the end of the day hitting those potholes is part of the road trip because you're not going to have smooth paved roads the entire trip. You're going to hit those potholes. So what I was saying is I'm starting to realize that the fact that I have a not go off-roading without the bumps, right? You will kick up some dirt so long as you're feeling those potholes that means you're still on the journey and isn't that where you Be you want to be on the Journey of life and that road trip entails beautiful sunsets in entails, you know, great pit stops, but it also entails the bumps in the roads. It's the whole package, right and God intended for us to learn this in the way. He set up the world there's day and there is night. They will always follow each other you can rely on it. So we don't, you know, appreciate the day and all that. We can accomplish and the sun on our face and then be shocked when Suddenly It's night and it's dark and it's cold. We don't be shocked. We just know we can rely on that and we know that the sun will rise. Again. We know the tide will come in. We know the tide will go out. We know that summer and spring and fall and winter will follow each other. We don't get shocked when suddenly it's cold. We know it well. If we learn what we have to do in each of these times, they can appreciate the whole thing together. Right? And so that when we do encounter something stressful, so let's see wake up in the morning you have this intention to have a great day and then I'll start on that phone call comes in from your kids school with aggravation or or whatever. I mean, I can give millions of examples right or you have a distant your kids school. I think some people over let's not be coy. Okay, or like you have a spat with your spouse? Of course not you're a spousal. Right someone hypothetically who doesn't have your spouse might have a spat. Okay any aggravation that you may encounter? What were suggesting is rather than allowing it to knock you off your feet and knock the wind out of you and be shocked by that bump in the road by that pothole. What about just saying? Okay, here we go. This is part of my day. This is part of my journey this too shall pass and let me try to glean from it what it is. Why is this happening? Happening, you know, how can I rise to the occasion? How can I make this more pleasant for my loved ones? How could I handle this in a way that doesn't you know destroy me and just sort of go with the flow rather than allowing it to you know, like affect you so negatively, right? right You know and then I can't something else that struck me was that I had this experience this week. We're suddenly something that I had. I had over the years not been pleased with in my relationship with somebody and it kind of cropped up again and again and again and it was it was an aggravation that I consistently. Found upsetting. And then this week. I encountered the situation. And it was completely different all of a sudden that person handled themselves in a 180 degree turn and I was shocked I was absolutely shocked. So, you know just to say to anyone out there who thinks that things don't change or people don't change our relationships don't change they do. But you got to hang in there but in everything else that was going on that day that week in life. It did not really settle on me the way it should I did not like make a party. I did not feel myself being overjoyed and like I should have been bringing a carbon like that's when I sat down to think about it. I was thinking if I were writing this story in another time, like I would be I would be bringing carbons like here are something that upset me for years annoyed me. Just like that one day completely gone and what I had hoped for wished for prayed for their it was an all these years. I thought that would make me so happy and that's human nature. That is when I realized that's human nature, too. not appreciate the removal of difficulty. Yeah. Oh my gosh. I know exactly what you mean and what we do coming. So what's coming to mind right? It's gone. Oh great. So when we when we have something that's so difficult in our life. It's all we could think about it. So we pray for it's all that stresses us out. It's the source of our aggravation. It takes away from our happiness. It's a please us of our of our energy and yet when it's no longer there when maybe that illness has been healed or the It has grown and the problem no longer exists or suddenly. The money is in the bank or suddenly. The relationship is on the mend, right Heavenly your teenager doesn't yell at you. Yes. Suddenly, your teenager has evolved into a respectful, you know, Angel whatever it is rather than being like Oh, I know I'm internally grateful. I feel so blessed. Thank you God for answering me know and said, we're like okay on to the next aggravation. What else can I now focus on it's not perfect in my life, right? That's what we tend to do. Right. It's like the remaining stressors just sort of spread out and cover up that little empty spot. That's a very good way of explaining it like when you spill something and it just takes up all the space the liquid takes up all the space that it can that's what happens to our aggravations. They instead of just closing down and saying okay, you know what? I'm so grateful that this one thing is no longer a prevalent issue in my life instead. We allow the liquid to spread and we're like, okay now I move on to my other Nations and grapes and that's so what I got a carry that same exact load of of stress or aggravation or worry. I love I love this so much. I feel like right now this is an epiphany and we have to just discuss it for a minute. So like the idea is that if if God answers one of our prayers, right if something that we've been hoping for whatever it is, it doesn't matter what it is because everyone that's something different but if if that happens and something remarkable happens, let's show appreciation. Let's acknowledge it in a really big big way just like we're not shy to acknowledge our complaints and will complain and kvetch and complain and fetch and whether we do it publicly or privately or or secretly in the shower when we're crying or when we're doing it when we're diving or were complaining to our friends, but we're not we're not ashamed we're always were always complaining. That's right. That's our nature. Right? We see it in the Torah all the time. But Israel is always complaining even after God takes them out of Egypt. The first thing you do is complain right? It's who we are and not just Jewish people. It's who human Humanity we are. We are group of complainers. Maybe the Epiphany here is let's use as much if not equal to at least as much energy praising and acknowledging and and being appreciative when things do shift for the positive. I think I have to think about it like something that right. If it's something that I that I that I pined after so let me let me compare that now to something I really wanted. Maybe it was you know, some new clothing or jewelry or piece of furniture or something that when I get it right I will keep going into that room and looking at that new chandelier. I will keep On those shoes and looking at them in the mirror. I will keep it in my on my my visor to check out my new wig because I really appreciate it. It's pretty and I want to look at it. That's that's what we need. So that's what I needed to do with that moment. I needed to hold it up. I needed to visualize it and capsulate it as something beautiful to be appreciated, you know, so you or I know you know this but in some of the listeners if not, most don't know this that this past summer my daughter my daughter had this injury with her finger, right and it was thank God all's well that ends well. it was such a random thing where one minute everything was fine and the next minute she had, you know, cut her finger to such an extent that she needed surgery and you could imagine that going through that was traumatizing and I can actually imagine it very well you can because you went through something similar or dissimilar to yeah you did and so what I want to point out though, is that when it happened and I was so immersed in the you know, sadness and worry and all the feelings that come with your child, you know being injured and And all I could think about was like, please let everything be okay like in please God let everything heal right and just let her have use of her finger and let it heal in a way that is is appealing to her and like just all the things you know, and that's all I could think about and then you can't stop thinking right like let my beautiful perfect child still be beautiful and perfect. Yes. I got her beautiful and perfect and whole let her stay that way. Yeah, so when thank God everything did work. Out and in like it took months till we even knew with completion that everything was you know, because you have to give it time and has to heal and whatever it may be so months of hoping months of praying months of only thinking about that and then just like that everything was fine and and prayers massive prayers had been answered and there are time and this was only this past summer. Okay. This wasn't like, you know a year ago or 10 years ago. Now there are times where I completely forgot that ever even happened and every now and then she'll come over to me and she said Mommy look and she'll just show me her hand because of course there's a scar and whenever she does that I take her hand and I say I hope you're going to take this the right way, but I'm so grateful that you have that scar because every time you show it to me it reminds me of how lucky we are. I'm so grateful for that scar like like that's the reminder. That's it. Like that's what I need to be like. Oh, right, like here. I am being aggravated about something else because I've moved on like we do to my next aggravation when there was a time where none of these aggravations held a candle to what was what was so important. And so I think that what you're describing over when you said, you know, we should just like look at that chandelier or pull out that diamond necklace. It's really the scars of life. It's look at your scars of Life. Maybe there's a physical scar but sometimes sometimes you know hurtful times don't leave physical scars. They just leave invisible scars in our heart or in our mind, but when we've overcome we have to look back at those invisible scars, and we have to show gratitude to God. Because it's so easy when they're invisible or when they're no longer prevalent to just forget and that's so not. Okay, right? I guess that that's the reminder that he heals us gets us through things. And we overcome we grow we move Beyond We Live Another Day for another challenge and I heard something great recently. I don't want you to remember this. Okay. He said don't wish for Less challenges wish for more skills wish for more strength wish for. You know more more perseverance. We handle the challenge more of whatever you need to win, but don't wish the challenge away. Exactly. Don't wish away your challenges listeners out there. Whoever you are, wherever you are, whenever you're tuning in whatever you're dealing with an experiencing it experiencing and and you're wondering like, you know, when will this end or like why me stop wishing away your challenge your challenge and I really do believe this or not. Just preaching. I really believe it. Your challenge is designed specifically for you for your Soul and while it's not always easy to see and while we may not choose to be in that position that we're in if we could step back and recognize that the challenge that we were that were in is not for us to you know, shy away from we have to figure out how to like really just rise to the occasion and grow and learn and understand something deeper about ourselves. Because then the challenge is no longer a negative it becomes a positive, right? And I think that's coming back to our original point. I think that's what Happiness is when I show Muhammad Allah says be happy with what you have. What does that actually mean? Because what you have might be a challenge. Yes, even be happy and challenge even be happy in the challenge be happy in the good and be happy in the challenge. Be happy, whatever moment you find yourself in that's happiness. Don't wait for the challenge to end to be happy. Because there will be a new challenge just as you said before over the sun rises and the sun sets per room comes undone Pace off comes be happy. Ladies and mishenichnas Adar member simcha. It's amazing how we're talking about happiness and we are not even realizing that were in the month of Adar which is all about this idea of bring happiness into your life and will be met with happiness. That's right. There's a lot there there's oh there's so much. It's like what is that? Oh, we're hearing some are some kind of creepy cool sounds Don. I really love sitting here with you tonight. Thank you so much for having me again. All right, I cannot even begin to tell you like I love sitting here with you and talking because to me I forget where you been doing the podcast and it really feels like the therapy session and I think that anybody listening has so much to gain so much. Insight and I hope this oh, no, you know what? I think that I think I shot was with us. He put words in our mouth. Like I knew he would because it's odds are and it's an auspicious time to be speaking to everyone about how to find happiness and how to appreciate the happiness that really is hiding in our lives and I hope that if anyone listening has any feedback about tonight's episode or any additional comments questions anything at all or just wants to check out my Instagram page and get inspirational on a daily basis. Please do so. Adonis emmental because almost almost every day. I'm either posting something live that's inspirational. Yes posting every day or really just coming up with some kind of inspirational tidbits a great place to go. Tell her check it out and also, She's going to be emceeing and incredible. That's right. I am by to be know about okay. I'm going to be moderating the total Revolution on March 22nd the total Revolution ladies and you guys got to get tickets. It is going to be incredible. I'm so excited just to be a part of something where hundreds of Jewish Women are coming together from all across the world incredible women and so many Amazing Stories as we all are as we all are and I'm just so honored and proud to be a part of it so you could also find additional Channel information for that on an Instagram or in Facebook. So I hope you guys enjoyed this episode Aura. I love you. I thank you for being a part of it and I wish all of our listeners an amazing week until next time to try your best to enjoy your road trip of Life potholes and all happy Purim till next time. This is Donna cement over here at the good sign. Thanks for tuning in.