That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become welcome to Fury's finest. A podcast and resource devoted to discussion of Marvel crisis protocol. My name is Jesse Akin. I am joined as always by my good friend Chris. Breathitt Chris. How you doing doing? Great, man. I skipped out on Monday recording a couple pots Before. I Go recording more when I come back to pick stuff and then we'll be getting set up for long-distance recording. So pretty crazy interesting stuff Wild Life Changes. Yeah, by the time you hear this Crystal are to be moved and you're literally like tomorrow, so it's just One of those just crazy. Yeah, it's just bizarre life is strange, but I'm really excited to get into a new Gaming Community make some new friends. Learn some new trick from some new folks. Yeah. You said it's one of the first things you're going to do write as five new local store. There is a local store. So I'm going to be headed right up there seeing what they got see what games they play seeing if they can order me some stuff and you know, trying to get some gaming nice going. Yeah a couple of you guys have reached out. Dr. Chris said you live certain distances away from where he's going to be but save reach out to Kris yet. He's going to be in Morehead City, North Carolina. So if you're in the surrounding area or you come to play games there or if you you know have a store in your area. That's nearby let us know it me. Yes. Please reach out to us on our social medias at Fury's finest or email us at Fury's finest at gmail.com and just let Chris know where you play games because you know, it's not uncommon Chris for a lot of people to commute to great gaming stripe 30 min. I'm not opposed to Whatever we've done that many times for tournaments and things like that. So yeah, just let us know the lay of the land. So Chris can get involved in the community. I'm excited for it man. I'm excited man. And like I mentioned in our last couple episodes. I'm in the process of getting more stuff going here because there is a Marble Community growing at Oklahoma, especially so in Tulsa. Yeah, and I think we need to cultivate that more and plan for the future. There's some cons in the future gaming cons. So I think if we can build tournaments at local stores here, Here eventually when those gaming cons come around and stuff. We can have some stuff there some demos. So I'm working on that too. So that's very exciting. So if you have any resources in Oklahoma and you hear this reach out to us and let's get together and you know help this game grow because that's right. We're really worried about this we mentioned every week and we're not going to stop mentioning because we want this game to grow and we want to create good content for this game to help it grow and help you guys stay excited as we are if not more excited about this game. It's pretty great Chris. But yeah, we're still in the This of everything. Oh, yeah, we mentioned the last two episodes just Chris moving and my family everything in the hospital has been a crazy time and it still hasn't calmed down so it'll calm down at some point. But yeah it we're still in the craziness of everything. We appreciate you guys having patience with us, you know, our release schedule being different and things like that, you know, things are going to back to normal and we're still producing the same level of content for you guys is just might not be the exact same time every week for some time. But at some point things are going to calm down for me Chris and Also to is Chris mentioned we're gonna have to get his telecommuting setup, which is a whole other thing which won't be too bad. Not too bad. Just just an exact moment. Yes investment in some equipment and then some learning, you know, which is fine. If there are some hiccups in the schedule. Once again forgive us, we will find the new normal and get to it as soon as possible. That's right. We're still going to put out tons of content for you guys and just keep following us on social media and stuff and you know, if you're a patron you guys even have an extra window into this. So none of this is new To you, but anyone who's not a patron like we just want to keep you in the loop as well be as transparent as possible. And yeah, just continue to create a positive vibe around this game Chris Chris. We're in the throes of the game we mentioned last time what condoms are out asgardians are out now, which is crazy. Doha being still getting all that together so much. There's just so much to do they've never stopped which is amazing atomic masses killing it. They just keep killing it. We have been through black panther. We have been through Kim owner Chris that leaves the final two will combine. Condoms, that's right. And of course this week, we're starting with Sheree and it's going to be good and I'm more excited about Sheree than I ever have after I Black Panther episode Chris. Oh, yeah, and I'm excited to learn more about Sheree me too. And I love that. Not only hopefully our show can get people more excited about these characters, but it's getting me more excited about these. It's fun, isn't it? I've especially like some of the characters I didn't have much knowledge of going into each episode and learning about them. They've really grown on me as such modok, especially Oh, absolutely. And I think these are prime characters for our show Chris in a certain way because we've mentioned before the baron zemo's the modok's the maybe the khoisan shirase of the world. We don't know as much about them. We know in the way of comics or movies just because they've been less heavily featured. They're obviously less known and pop culture. They're not someone like a Spider-Man that's just always been there in your life. So for us, we know you guys are playing these on the table. So we want to make that a really rich and exciting experience. And hopefully every time we release an episode of our show we do that for you. If it's your painting this character Wireless in our show, we hope you're enjoying your painting and drawing listen to us or if you're playing with these characters. We really hope this experience is enhanced and you know what Chris Sheree is not going away. No, she's gonna be in this game for a long time. I think and I've said that several times before the other characters, but I really for a character that's not an affiliation leader. I really mean that I think she is a phenomenal character, but you know, I need to More batter so let's go do that in a little bit, but I think first we've got to mention our wonderful patrons. Our patrons support Furious finest at patreon.com slash Furies finest. If you enjoy the show consider supporting it with a monthly contribution. We thank all of our patrons for their support. And please remember guys, you're going to want to sign up to be a patron for the shooter Labs. Give away some fantastic dials to keep track of your power levels and health for each character. They really clean up the table top. They really keep things nice in an ordered fashion, and they're just really clever you if you get these Things you'll just you'll notice the clever use of magnets and dials how everything is interchangeable. It's just very very witty and it just makes me happy. Yeah, and I predict Chris to with sooner labs. They are doing more Creations in the future and the way of like objective tokens and stuff like that I predict so you just didn't keep an eye on them. We have it linked in the air and cool man. I want all this stuff because you've put time in your models you put time into your board. Why not put time into your tokens and your you know, your point trackers for this game is so So easy to lose the cardboard tokens. It is so easy for them to get damaged over time. Like I said, it cleans everything up everything is nice and ordered and I'm the type of person where if my board and my side of the board is nice orderly fashion sore my thoughts. Yeah, so it was my play play clean area. Yeah, and I'm not saying that these will necessarily make you a better player sure. They're not going to make you run faster or jump higher, but they're very nice. Every Patron has a chance to win. We can't wait to ship this off to you guys. Once again, you get to pick your affiliation and all that stuff. Very exciting so we will reach out to the winter. And then of course we will probably have another giveaway coming up very soon. Can't wait man. I love these things that aside Chris. We do have a new Patron to announce this week. We have several new patrons. But once again, we're still keeping the spotlight on one person every week because we think that's really important and that is Ben D been. Thank you so much. Thank you for your contribution, man. Yeah, man, you're making this happen. You're making our time and effort that we spend. Were weak on this worth it you guys are making this train run and without the patrons, you know, the show would be the quality. It is those of you that aren't patrons. Thank the patrons because they're awesome. They're making this happen. It's great and thanks to them. This train has no brakes. Let's go who is Sheree Sheree is the princess of wakanda to ChaCha's youngest child and only daughter so that would make her black panthers sister. Exactly love it. And of course we learned a couple weeks ago to Chaka is the former black panther two challahs father the former king of wakanda. Yep, the lineage of the kingdom and the family and all that good right? When did Sheree first come into Comics Chris? Because I'm happy we touched on her in Black Panther a little bit, which was great, maybe like her even more. But today we're going to get deeper into her history. So what when did she first appear? I am really excited about this. This is the newest character we have got Cover she first appeared in Black Panther number two. This is volume 4 of Black Panther in May of 2005 the step black panther reboot your kind of talking about exactly that's right. She was created by Reginald hudlin and John romita, Jr. Of course, we've all heard of John romita Jr. And we want to thank him for this wonderful character. So let's talk a little bit about sure. He's powers and abilities Jesse. Well, these are gonna look really familiar Chris. A lot of these in the comics are very similar to Black Panthers. So Similar to Black Panther going through the trials Shirley was extensively trained in martial arts. Very similar to Black Panther after the trials like black panthers before her she consumed the heart-shaped herb and this grant heard hints speed agility strength endurance and senses. And then of course her uniform is made of vibranium and then they'll nice little twist with her is she makes a lot of our own weapons and projectiles and things like that, you know a nice little blend of kind of the Black Widow. She's a technological Wizkid. Right? Right. So just think of black panther sister. She made it through the trial. She also had the herb. This is comic book sure we were talking about and then you know on top of that she was this whiz kid similar to Peter Parker or something. Oh, yeah, creating our own weapons to enhance her Tech to an enhancer vibranium suit. So once again, she has vibranium enhanced technology just like Black Panther and on top of that she trained with the dajjal Leah and also and this is at her with super speed and some stories. She had the ability to Temporary reanimate wakandan corpses. Oh that's crazy reanimated corpses takes a lot of energy from her meaning. She can only do it for a short period of time but she could basically bring people back to life. So this is pretty crazy stuff and let's also not forget. She has the energy weapons and certain Comics. She's also been capable of an amorphous system which allowed her to transform into a flock of birds or a singular large bird crazy. Wild man. You got to specify both. Guys, when we do these deep Dives, we really would cover every base. Even if it's not the new Canon or not. It's pretty awesome more that mystical stuff. We're talking about Chris that black panther touches on this different. Yeah kind of the the animal gods and that sort of stuff great. That's her superpowers. But let's go through our history from a very young age Sheree coveted the Black Panther mantle. She attempts to challenge then black panther her uncle's say on of course. This is the reagent ran the country. And was the Black Panther in the comics after to chalk is murder right before to Chalo is ready. And when he was on his walk about she discovers that he'd already been defeated by her older brother to chawla so during an attack on wakanda by claw and a group of his mercenary. She uses the Ebony Blade to defeat the Russian radioactive man killing him in the process. She shell shocked by her first kill to child promises to train her in hand-to-hand combat enabling her to fight on her own terms. Should she ever To take his place as the leader of wakanda. This is the beginnings of that martial arts master exactly while t'challa and his wife storm are away as members of the Fantastic Four American battleships aligned with Eric kill Monger move in on wakanda with the King away sure and her advisors decide to sneak onto the ships in the night and incapacitate them during the rage. Sheree is captured by kill Wanderers men and thrown in the cell. She challenges kill martyr himself to a fight but seeing her as beneath him. M he sends a group of his men to battle her she defeats them easily in his broken out of her cell by Zuri one of two challahs advisors aftertouch all an aurora leave the Fantastic Four and return to a conda the Scrolls invade wakanda as a part of the secret Invasion Sheree and her uncle say on lead most of the wakandan Army on an assault against the invading Scrolls walk to chawla and ororo storm battle the leaders later Prince Namor of Atlantis attempts to recruit T'challa for the cabal a secret Council of supervillains run by dr. Doom. Now. This is all really cool because we've talked about a lot of this. Yeah. This is are seeing how we're seeing how these characters are so intertwined. It's right and what to Charles decisions mean for Sheree and her life. Yeah, brother and sister. He goes somewhere. She stays or vice versa. It's pretty interesting and Chris. I love it. I love it. Of course the cello rejects the offer from name or but is attacked by the various members. As of the cabal and is left in a comatose state. Come on number one how my number one storm nominates Sherry as his successor and she successfully completes the various trials granting herself access to the heart shaped herb. However, when she consumes the herb that will content Panther God does not abuse her with the powers of the Black Panther instead rejecting her due to her lifelong jealousy of her brother's mantle and her arrogance in its presence. Oh my when the powerful villain were Lon Threatens to annihilate wakanda entirely sure. He takes on the Black Panther identity and outfit anyway and manages to both save wakanda and resurrect her comatose brother through her humble Act of self-sacrifice. She earns the mantle of the Black Panther in the panther God grants her its accompanying Powers the herb kicks in the herb kicks in so sure he has been the Black Panther. So cool like her father before her her uncle and her brother. She has been the Black Panther and I That is rad see Chris is what school to I think we talked about this stuff when we give you guys this history. Hopefully you can enjoy the objectives more to because the wakandan herbs is a prominent objective right now. Everybody's playing it. It's really cool. When you eat the herbs the the pros and cons it gives you to your characters. I love it. And now I know where it's from and now we know what it does. It's right think atomic mass is doing a great job of keeping the lore intertwined with the game mechanics. It's amazing mechanics and theme perfectly together. Heather so to pick this back up when a powerless to Chala discovers that Doctor Doom has infected many wakandan officials and advisors with nanites. He goes off in search of a way to stop him leaving Sheree as acting ruler of wakanda sure. He tracks down and fights name or trying to discover her for herself. What part he played in her brother's injuries together to chawla and Sheree discover that the infected wakandans calling themselves the distri intend to Stage a Pollution seizing power and wakanda for themselves with dr. Dimms Distillery successfully overthrowing the incumbent wakandan government as seen in the do-more storyline. He finds himself with access to the world's largest supply of vibranium. Once again, a huge focus of wakanda is their supply of vibranium and the constant need for bad guys to want to take over. Well, it's a very very powerful thing. That's right Sheree and a re power to chawla whom both were able to avoid an infection from Dooms nanites due to their heightened senses Remain the only wakandans not under Dooms control the two of them team up with Colossus Nightcrawler my boy and Wolverine of X-Men to regain control and Makanda they succeed but Doom steals a large portion of the vibranium Sheree then begins to travel the globe attempting to destroy Dooms criminal Network and recover all the stolen vibranium Doom uses the vibranium, 's inherent mystical qualities to take control of all process vibranium on the planet. And Sheree and other Heroes attempt to fight and stop him they succeed when to Charlie uses Doom Zone mystical ploys against him rendering all the process vibranium on the planet inert. It's big stuff also take a drink X-Men. That's right. Take a drink Nightcrawler. Please please. I can't wait for the X-Men. We know we're getting X-Men. We know we're getting Logan. The questions are when are we getting who and at what times right? That's the real question teams. Are we going to get what affiliations a Brotherhood of Philly? The next man's request relation. Are we going to get an X-Force affiliation Scott's pity party ex-addicts ecstatics, you know. Yeah, just there's so many teams. You could play the entire game with just X-Men models exactly. I can never be out of and I think it's smarter than them to be holding off on them. So smart we don't need it right now. We don't we don't we got so many good things. Come on is we want it with wakanda struggling economically as seen in the claws of the pan. Anther storyline sure, he travels to the Savage land to meet Kazar and obtain a stock of natural vibranium present there. They are attacked by claw who wants the vibranium for his own use claw just keeps coming back always he needs that vibranium him and you know, they defeat him. But when a volcanic eruption caused by his sound waves covers a vibranium and renders it unobtainium. She tracks down the other stockpiles in madripoor and in New York, but claw already has a im troops Excavating both sites and Insu claw had created a monster called mu s ik using the vibranium and intended to place it on a name space station to enslave the world man with help from various other Heroes including Wolverine Spider-Man and Black Widow. Sheree is able to thwart his scheme. So sure he's working with these big players Chris, you know, she's only been around since 2005, but she has really come into some prominent. She's had her own titles love it. She steals absolutely. All scenes in the Black Panther movie fantastic casting that's really wonderful right relationship. I only see bigger things happening for this character in the future. That's right. So following name was attack on macondo during The Avengers vs. X-Men storyline Sheree declares war on Atlantis, despite all of her brothers protests the wakandans virtually level Atlantis leaving only a few atlantian survivors in retaliation for sure. He's sold on Atlantis name or lies to Thanos agents by falsely telling them that the infinity gems were. In wakanda after what kind of troops were forced to retreat from a counter-attack by thanos's Army sure. He learns from Dora Mila J that t'challa was in contact with name ordering the wakandan Atlantean conflict and that he allowed name or and to the necropolis several times during this conflict as a result Sheree banishes to Cella from the wakandan capital city. Whoa. Yeah. This was a rough time for t'challa during the 2013 Infiniti storyline. It is shown that Sheree is the head of the con. And school for alternative studies interesting. She's very smart when wakanda is attacked by the cabal during the time Runs Out storyline sure. He sacrifices herself by staying behind in order to hold off Proxima midnight. So T Challa can escape her death is later confirmed when her spirit is seeing among those of the past black panthers as a part of Marvel's 2015 branding all-new all-different Marvel to Chala is shown trying to revive sure. He's body Cherie Soul has transcended. It to the Dahlia which was a spiritual plane consisting of the entire memories of wakanda their Cherie trained under the tutelage of agree out Spirit who had taken the form of her mother remonda as they trained the grout Spirit share the memories of not only wakanda, but also before the nation formed with the help of manifold to chili was able to combine his technology and manifolds bending of reality to bring Sheree soul back to the physical plane after her Revival sure. Has been imbued with the power similar to that of the grout Spirit. She's been informed of the events taking place in her absence including the Rogue Durham Elijah and the rebellion led by T2 and zinzi. Sheree has then set out to confront the robed or Malaysia and convince them to join forces with the chawla in order to stop the rebellion and March against the Golden City, which she was successful in doing with the United power of Sheree to Chala manifold and the Durham Elijah. Forces of wakanda tattoo is defeated. All those NZ has escaped as the Rebellion came to an end sure a joined with condos Council that has been established by t'challa and that's going to bring us to the present. That's right. So she is a major player in wakanda. She is a major player on the throne. She was at one point the Black Panther she was at one point the leader of wakanda. She's had a lot of roles. She's worked with the X-Men fantastic for Spider-Man. The list goes on Chris. I really enjoying this that too. I want to read more about Sheree. I want to read Sheree Comics. That's right. I think it's time Chris to see where she fits into the MCU. So her first appearance very similar to Black Panther was in Black Panther Chris. So once again, this is the story of wakanda. This is not just the story of black panther. This is the swear that will condemn people to child himself. But I mean also his sister Sheree and of course Eric kill Monger are all major players in the story, but let's also not forget so many other side characters including a koi who's coming up very Soon and in Baku and by love and by no Side characters to like Zuri like the shaman Forest Whitaker playing him. I mean, it's a stacked cast they have set that up for a very cool reoccurring IP. Yeah, and I said over and over again. Like I really don't think it's necessary black panthers movie. I think it's wakanda's move. I would agree. I think black panther is the story of a condom. He is he's the lead and he's the prince that ascends to the king but it's so interesting their whole history and I'm more and more interested by it by the day. So of course Chris, she's also an Avengers Infinity War. We have some pretty cool scenes with her trying to save Visions life and extract the Stone from his head before Thanos gets there. So they're having the hold out in the field. We have mentioned and our Black Panther episode cap and to Chala leading the Army's holding off. So sure he can perform this operation sure. He gets snapped. She's back at the end. Game, so thank the Lord. I know and then of course Chris we have black panther II which we know is coming. We don't know the name necessarily Electric Boogaloo. Yeah. Yes, of course will surely play a bigger role in this will she wear the suit in this time will tell I sure hope so, how do you would that be that would be sunny? That's all of her appearances name. So you guys we hope you guys like share as much as we do. She's really cool character and I just can't get over the casting with her. I mean as you said Chris, I really think she is one of the standout parts. Of all this wakandans stuff. I would agree in the MCU. If not one of the best parts period good on Kevin feige and his team all the Marvel great job bud. I think it's time to talk about some Sheree strategy because she is a kinetic character here. We got to talk about this. So her name is Sheree her Alter Ego Is Sheree you don't say she doesn't have a superhero name. It's great. She's just Sheree. So Chris, let's talk about her stats on her card. So once again, you can follow along at home grab your card or check our social media for her card picture. She is five stamina medium speed a height of 2 and a threat of three her defense is pretty simple Chris three physical three energy three Mystic easy-peasy. Yeah, I think that's if I'm not wrong that's Spider-Man's defense as well. It is but he does have the spider sense. Of course just looking at her stats Chris. She is a baseline character. She has average Health medium speed average average height three threat three defense on everything nothing too crazy there. She's not super strong or super week. She's just kind of plain little surprised. He's not a long mover to be honest. Good point. Let's get into a car and you might see why she's not along their own really seems a little too good real quick. Let's talk about her injured South Side nothing changes Chris. She she's still the five stamina. So she said he'll total she doesn't get a new powers under injured site either. She's pretty much just a 10 Health 3 thread character. So we like this a lot on the show because those two and three thread characters are going to be in the game a lot because they fit a lot of places. So we really think there's value to that. So I think it's important. Yeah, we stand by three threat characters pretty hard on this podcast. Yeah. So Chris what's good and go through a tax because I think they're pretty In her first attack is not named strike. It's called Panther gauntlets. It is an energy attack is going to be range 5 strength 6. Whoa, zero cost it. All is that if this attack would deal one or more damage, it deals one damage instead. There it is. There it is. So it's a ping after this attack is resolved. Push the target character away short after this to attack is resolved this character gains 1 power. A very steady very Baseline. It's a nice ping a little limited though. You're not it's not heavy damage now Chris. I don't talk about some crazy things about this. So it's six strength, which is insane for a strike, but we mentioned a balance itself out because the six strength is basically just a way to guarantee you to get 1 damage through right? Because whatever damage you get through it's gonna be reduced down to one. That's kind of The Balancing Act with her Panther got what's here. What's insane about this is you're pretty much getting this one paying every time also what's extra and saying about this. Is this range 5 we don't have very much of this in the game. I don't know. So it's the longest range in the game period we don't have many other characters with this range at all. And you mentioned after the attack is resolved. Push the start character way short that's not a wild trigger. That's just how it just happens. It's very objective control before we even gone through the rest of sure. He's attacks and superpowers. It's already shaping up to see why she's potentially the best three threat character in the game currently because cuz she has a range five attack. She can sit on an objective Chris and shoot at another one Range Five away. If you position the right spot she can do that. So she is either contesting or gaining an objective while also shooting across the map at another objective pushing someone off that objective with her short push phenomenal and I really think with this character Chris you're going to be doing a lot of just this Panther got lights twice in a row get her on an objective and your ping people away from that objective. Just annoy them. Just yeah. Them out of position is control its control. It's wonderful. It's a control strike, which is the most interesting thing we've seen in this game the way of strikes and on top of that to you know, she gains one pair of time. She does this so it doesn't cost anything. She gains power presumably sure to gained a tower of power for that turn because you gain one every turn so that's a minimum of to power every turn if you're just doing the basic strike once but if you do it more you're getting more but let's go into our second attack and see what's up with that. It's also energy attack Sonic Crush range. Strength of seven cost for power quite a bit after this attack is resolved the target character gains the stun special condition and this is just happens. And then on top of that there's a wild trigger stagger after this attack resolve the tart character gains the Stagger special condition. So the gaining stun and stagger, right? That's their whole turn. It could be argued that stagger and son are the two worst conditions in the game because stagger is the worst condition the game you Have to spin your first action to remove the staggered no matter what the game state is stun almost equally as bad Chris. You can't gain any additional power to shake both of these off control the whole time. She's control. Once again hit Hulk with that and he's done. Yeah, you messed him up. We've always talked about you must double type of hook. You have to if you have them if you're moving one of those double tax, he's in trouble or you moving away for him to gain power. That's not so great either. Also Chris. It's seven strength, which is pretty Be great can't complain about that though. I will say the range is too so she has to be in that melee range to do this. But you know, that's okay. Thank these being her to attacks is plenty. She doesn't need any more attacks. She has the Ping that's control and she has the hard-hitting punch that gives the conditions. So let's talk about her superpowers. Her first is a reactive power. It is called Super Genius. It's going to cost one power when this character is attacking it may use the super-powered during the calculate success. Step of the attack. If it does. It may choose to count defense dice results instead of attack results as successes. Now we've seen this before. It's right. Can I still think it's awesome kill Monger had this. Yeah. So Sheree is doing those mathematical equations in her head and she's deciding no. No. No, I'm gonna do the attack this way. Once again Chris a way to guarantee this Sonic Crush these Panther God's get through the way you want them to get through Bing control. He's great. And what is one power? That's great. I think it's wonderful. You're going to have one power of return no matter what that's right turns out in this game. That's part of the game. Her second superpower is also reactive superpower called upgrades now brace yourself for this Chris. This is pretty insane. The power cost on this is X after another Allied character within range for roles attack or defense dice this character Sheree may use the superpower if she does spend up to three Our for each power spent the Allied attacking or defending character May re-roll one of their dice. This is keeping with the wakandans theme of constant rerolls, that's right through their technology through technology through their Ingenuity through their genius. This is constantly rolling dice to get the results you want. It's crazy. So not as good as zemo's because this is just an eight, but let's talk conversely here. This has more range than zemo's is range for also, you can pay take it up to three. So it's more rerolls than even zemo's gives you Chris and it's also attack and defense. So we're seeing a theme with tree here. She is a support control character. You can't win a game with her but alongside other pieces, you can absolutely dominate. She's a complementary piece. She's a role player. But if you use her well, she is going to make your kill Monger your black panther that much better. So let's talk about her last. Superpower. It is an innate superpower. It is called head of wakanda R&D when this character rolls dice after the effect is resolved. It gains one power. It rolled at least one critical miss. This is the first time we have seen the critical missed a critical Miss involved in a something something. We're just something positive anything anything positive when using Sheree those critical mrs. Are at least going to help you a little bit this kind of Some of her power Chris being wakandan what the rerolls and also her last Super we mentioned the rerolls on top of the what kind of rerolls you can't re-roll critical Price ever that dies. You can't touch it the once it hits that spot. This is pretty cool. She's using her brain and her resources to gain power from some negative ends. This is the thing here. That's great Chris because even you have a rough roll the didn't do quite what you wanted. You can just get power from this it just happens. Yeah. So once again, then let's not forget. The panther goblets is six strength and the Sonic crush is seven strength. That's a lot of dice Chris. You're probably gonna hit some skulls at some point the game. This is a way to mitigate that she's so balanced. She's so well-rounded support. I don't understand it how she's so good. I'm really loving her. I can't wait to get her on the table. I'm going to play the wakandan team as a team as soon as I can. Oh, absolutely and let's talk about her in those other teams in the Avengers teams in the cabal teams. I think she fits beautifully, too. Is a three threat character easy to slide in she's a support character. She'll make she helps to other characters. She's a control piece that stops these Heavy Hitters like the Hulk like Thor like Ultron like Captain Marvel. She can potentially stop them though. Captain Marvel's will be the hardest because she has the best energy defense in the game, but she's giving you consistent power should give you consistent pushes and she's giving you consistent conditions. I I love her. Once again. Her only weakness is she doesn't do much damage. That's it. You bring out a character. She that. Yeah, and that's okay. We're starting to see the idea of support characters tank characters damage characters objective characters were starting to see these pieces of the team come into play and I think the metas going to start shaping up where you're going to need to bring one or two objective Runners. You're going to need to bring a support character one objective Runner a tank. And then a big damage dealer is instead of just whatever you're feeling. We're starting to see these teams really start to come together with all of this variety the only downside of course I can see with Sheree really is as the game stands right now. I think her and Zemo might just be Auto includes in your lists. I've mentioned on the Zima episode and this is taking it quite a back guys, but I'll mention it again. I still stand by it. I think he's worth more than three threat. I know sure he's worth more. And three threat now is that 3.5 is that for? I'm unsure but I know it's more than three because you compare it to the other threes in the game and they're just the Swiss Army knives that can grab objectives. They've got some control they've got rerolls for their team. They just provide consistency and they're just so good. I just don't see any world right now where you don't take both of them unless you just got some particular list. That's a different play style together. But if you want kind of more a malleable list, they fit their good objective Runners and all this stuff and sure you should Just fits anywhere in a way. She fits better than Zemo. Zemo's just so good. It's just ridiculous. I don't understand it because he's a long way over to so I love the long route the wind Eman the long mover and he has the charge to Chris which is absurd so she has less movement, but she has all the other tools. She has control she has consistency within herself, you know, a lot of this game created. Sometimes you're in trouble if you don't gain power or you don't gain any rules within characters, it really hurts you miss on Hulk or you don't get power on the whole What's he going to do this journey to can't really do much right? Sure. He kind of has their own power generation and her own consistency with their own dice and stuff and she has control tools. So really she's always going to fit in a list. It's how you use your how you positioner. She's a problem. You probably should kill her when you can that's another weakness. She now. She only has three defense on everything and 10 Health. Nothing too crazy. Not as low as some as high as others, so she can't be killed. You're going to have to be careful with her. You're going to have to to play her behind other threats. Once again, she is a support character keeping her positioning in mind at all times is going to be very important keeping an eye on their big damage to make sure that they don't have an Avenue. Yep. They don't have a way to get to her immediately keeping something in front of her just keeping the big threats at Bay and then going into danger when it's time and hopefully the dice roll right and you keep that Hulk with a Agar and a stun or you keep that Captain Marvel to stagger in a stun and then you try to Dart out. Yeah next turn and we just we can't speak highly enough of her upgradability. I mean Chris rerolls are huge and games like this and she can do it for anybody anybody is attack or defense on your team. She can improve give them rerolls. So if she has the power cause you can do it up to three power up to three roles that also means it costs one less with the Avengers affiliation, which is just ridiculous. So you it essentially do one re-roll a turn for free. Every kind of ridiculous, you know, you got to know the turn structure and all that. We've talked about all the Avengers affiliation works, but she's awesome. She's not going away lover lover. Curious finest is supported by a wonderful patrons. You can become a furious finest Patron by going to patreon.com slash Furious finest. Once again, thank you to all of our patrons guys. The patreon is really great. We have the Discord going you get an auto invite into the Discord. We have a link on the patreon. That's for patrons only and you jump in the Discord a lot of great discussion there a lot of great ha being sharing their which we all love awesome Community being built. If anything maybe a dollar or two is worth it just for you to get on the Discord. You know help us pay our bills. It's a pretty exciting thing. We got going on here and we cannot think the patrons enough catch our streams of Marvel crisis protocol at twitch.tv slash Furious finest. Please follow us there with your Twitter accounts. So you get notifications when we go live. Also, there's a lot of moving Parts Chris to Twitch and a big part is getting followers. And another part is all this other weird text stuff, but if we can get more followers that only helps us kind of similar to when you guys leave the Apple podcast reviews the more the better. I follow the show on Twitter at Furious finest cast Instagram at Furious finest in facebook.com. Slash Furious finest email us at Fury's finest at gmail.com and continue to leave us Apple podcast reviews. We will read all of this on future mailbag episodes. Thanks to Approaching Nirvana for our intro and outro music and please remember to subscribe rate and review help spread the word about our show. That's right. So are you guys reach out to us recently and said you just discover the show. I'm not sure you how you found it, but I'm happy you did. If you have friends who are getting into this game or who are in this game and a local community share our podcast with them. Tell them to look at Fury's finest because I don't think everybody knows Chris about all the great podcast that exist and all the great resources and we want to get people into this game more invested more plugged in continue to spread the word guys. Thank you. So much bigger player base is better for all of us. You can follow me on Twitter Instagram and Facebook at Jesse Aiken J. SS C EA Ki n then reach out to me guys any time if I'm a little late getting back to you. It's just because of this during this tumultuous time, but I will definitely get back to you. So you guys reached out. I really appreciate it followed me on those places. Also give my Star Wars show the Canon Cantina a listen. If you are a Star Wars fan, we cover Star Wars content from stories all the way to video games and we just can't wait for what the year 2020 holds with the Mandalorian season to all the new content coming out Obi-Wan the Kenobi show. I Like Chris, it's too exciting. You can follow me Chris on Twitter at Chris. Breathitt. CHR is BR U FF e TT. Thanks for listening True Believers Excelsior. The world has gotten even stranger that you already know. My king stop it. Stop it. You sure it's a good idea to take your ex on a mission. Yes. And what are these real question is what? Why do you have your toes out in my love, but you don't like my Royal sandals?