Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world compete. Switch are rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back, too. Fanny's big chance to compete came in 1948 for the Summer Olympic Games by then Fanny was married and had two kids Danny told everyone that she wanted to compete people didn't think she could do it though. They said she was too old to compete Fanny was 30 and most Olympic athletes were much younger. Plus. She had two kids and back then moms were expected to stay at home and not compete in the Olympics. But Fanny was determined to run. Switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth, but don't brush too hard. When it was finally time to race Danny was nervous, but ready before her first race, she pointed at one of the people who had doubted her and said I'll show you. Fanny competed in four races and she shocked the World by coming in first in all of them. Danni won four gold medals the most of any athlete that year they nicknamed her the flying housewife because she ran so fast. It looked like she could fly. Which are rushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and give your tongue a brush to Fannie returned home a hero. The people of the Netherlands through a parade for Fanny and she was given a special Honor by the queen of the Netherlands Danny showed everyone that moms could be anything. They wanted to be including one of the world's best athletes. Because of her boldness and unbeatable Spirit Fanny blankerscoon is tonight's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers tonight, but we'll be back at it tomorrow until then 3 2 1. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.