this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation. Or an anterior dislocation a posterior dislocation results from hyperextension valgus stress and supination. An anterior dislocation is a direct posterior to anterior force on a flex the elbow again a posterior dislocation is hyperextension valgus stress and supination while an anterior dislocation is a direct posterior to anterior force on a flex the elbow keep in mind that a relatively small coronoid process in children cannot resist distal and posterior. Placement of the ulna again a relatively small coronoid process and children cannot resist distal and posterior displacement of the ulna as far as Associated conditions. These can be traumatic or A congenital Associated traumatic conditions include avulsion of the medial epicondyle fractures of the proximal radius electron and coronoid process or neurovascular injury, as far as avulsions of the medial epicondyle. Medial epicondyle fractures are the most common associated. With an elbow dislocation and remember that an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment May block reduction as far as neurovascular injury, the brachial artery and median nerve can be injured in an elbow dislocation as well as the ulnar nerve the brachial artery and median nerve may be stretched over a displaced proximal fragment while the ulnar nerve is at risk with Associated medial epicondyle avulsions. Keep in mind that the ulnar nerve is the most common neuropraxia finally congenital. Associated conditions include a dislocation of the radial head which we'll discuss in more detail in a separate podcast episode. Now, let's go over the classification of pediatric elbow dislocations. This classification is an anatomic classification that is based on the position of the proximal radioulnar joint in relation to the distal humerus. So this includes a posterolateral dislocation, which is the most common a poster remedial dislocation and anterior dislocation, which is very rare and a Divergent. In patients presenting with the Pediatric elbow dislocation have symptoms of the painful and swollen elbow and attempts at motion are painful and restricted physical exam should include inspection palpation, and it's essential to perform a neurovascular examination on inspection. You may notice that the patient has the elbow held in flexion in addition The Forum may appear to be shortened from the anterior and posterior view on palpation. You may notice that the distal humerus creates a fullness within the antecubital fossa. So finally on neurovascular exam assess for brachial artery and median / ulnar nerve injury as far as Imaging required views on radiographs include an AP and lateral radiograph of the elbow as well as comparison radiographs of the contralateral elbow that may be helpful findings on radiographs include loss of the radiocapitellar and all know humoral relationship, but maintained radial and ulnar relationship. Make sure to look for fractures of the medial epicondyle, coronoid and or proximal Radius and elbow dislocation in the very young that is defined as less than three years old most likely represents a distal humerus Faisal separation and raises concern for non-accidental trauma treatment of a pediatric elbow dislocation can be non operative or operative non-operative management involves closed reduction brief immobilization with early range of motion. This is indicated for a dislocation that remains stable following reduction and this is indicated in the majority of cases pediatric elbow dislocation. Ian's should be addressed promptly as reduction should not be delayed will talk about the reduction technique in a bit more detail in a moment. As far as brief immobilization immobilization should be minimized to one to two weeks to minimize the risk of stiffness early therapy is encouraged for early active range of motion operative options include open reduction, and this is indicated for an open dislocation and incarcerated medial epicondyle or coronoid process in the joint failure to obtain or maintain an adequate close. Auction and significant joint instability, which is rare. Now. Let's talk about some of these management techniques in a bit more detail specifically the closed reduction technique and the open reduction technique closed reduction in the setting of a posterior dislocation can be done in either the supine or prone position in the Supine position a closed reduction should be performed with the elbow flexed and forearm supination using gradual Traction in the prone position a posterior dislocation should be reduced with The forearm hanging from the table and then an anterior directed Force should be placed on the electron in the setting of an anterior dislocation a closed reduction should be done with inline traction to the distal forearm with a posteriorly directed force on the forearm and an anteriorly directed force on the distal humerus post-reduction films should be reviewed to rule out the presence of an in trapped bone fragment. You must locate the medial epicondyle on post-production radiographs to ensure. It's not within the joint. The approach for an open reduction depends on the reason for the black reduction. For example, a medial approach to the Elbow is indicated if there's a medial epicondyle avulsion with an incarcerated fragment that is blocking reduction complications of pediatric elbow dislocations include stiffness heterotopic ossification neurologic injuries vascular injury compartment syndrome and recurrent dislocations from chronic instability stiffness. Most commonly manifests as loss of Terminal extension due to prolonged immobilization again stiffness most commonly manifests as loss of terminal extension due to prolonged immobilization as far as heterotopic ossification vigorous reduction increases the risk of heterotopic ossification. Neurologic injuries are usually transient. However, remember that a median nerve injury may occur due to nerve entrapment and the ulnar nerve is most commonly affected if there's an Associated medial epicondyle fracture that occurs as far as Euler injury the brachial artery may be injured but this is rare compartment syndrome can develop from excessive swelling and immobilization and hyperflexion and finally chronic instability that manifests as recurrent dislocations are associated with coronoid and Radiohead fractures. Okay. So now that we've gone over the major points about this topic. Let's go over a few questions to apply the information and get a sense of how this topic has been tested on past exams. The first question reads, a nine-year-old girls sustains a pediatric elbow dislocation with an Associated fracture while playing on the playground post-production images in a splint show and incarcerated fracture fragments in the elbow joint. Where did the fracture fragment in Trapped In The Joint most likely originated from and what is the most appropriate Next Step? In management and the choices are one medial epicondyle and attempt a tree reduction to lateral epicondyle and open reduction and internal fixation three coronoid process and open reduction and internal fixation for medial condyle and attempt at reproduction and 5 medial epicondyle and open reduction and internal fixation. The correct answer to this question is 5 medial epicondyle and open reduction and internal fixation. So medial epicondyle fractures are the most common Associated fractures in pediatric elbow dislocations and entrapped fracture fragment in the joint following a pediatric elbow dislocation is an absolute indication for open reduction and internal fixation to quickly review pediatric elbow dislocations often occur due to a fall on an outstretched hand the most common Associated fracture is a medial epicondyle fracture, which may become entrapped in the joint and hinder anatomic reduction an incarcerated bone fragments in the joint. After a pediatric elbow dislocation is one of the few absolute indications for open reduction and internal fixation of the medial epicondyle fracture. The other absolute indication being an open fracture orthopedic surgeon to must also be vigilant for neurovascular injuries, particularly to the brachial artery median nerve and ulnar nerve which can occur in association with pediatric elbow dislocations Edmonds performed a retrospective review of 11 patients with medial epicondyle fractures of the humerus that were initially diagnosed as a non-displaced or minimally displaced the author found that planned radiographs underestimated the degree of fracture displacement compared to a CT scan Edmonds concluded that standard radiographs. That is an AP and a lateral or not sufficient to measure anterior or medial displacement and that 3D CT scans are the most accurate way to measure true displacement got shocked at all reviewed medial epicondyle fractures in the Pediatric population. They note that management of these injuries is controversial but that documented Absolute indications for surgical intervention are open fractures and incarcerated fracture fragments in the joint. They further note that no consensus exists in the literature regarding the amount of fracture displacement that warrants surgical fixation Patty at all. Also reviewed medial epicondyle fractures in children. They note that good outcomes have been reported with non-operative management for minimally displaced fractures, but that recent Studies have demonstrated the underestimation of fracture displacement using standard radiographs the authors Also note that there is evidence that supports open reduction and internal fixation of medial epicondyle fractures in adolescent athletes to permit the return to Prior levels of play moving on to the next question a 12 year old female presents to the emergency room after she fell and sustained a pediatric elbow dislocation with an Associated medial epicondyle fracture on examination. Her skin is closed and she is neurovascularly intact the on-call orthopedic surgeon is unavailable for the next eight hours to To multiple emergent operative cases the emergency room performs a closed reduction followed by application of a long arm splint at 90 degrees post-reduction films shows a medial epicondyle fracture without incarceration. She is treated non-operatively with her splint removed at four weeks in the orthopedic department at four months. The patient is noted to have loss of elbow extension which of the following explains her loss of motion and the choices are one females are at higher risk of loss of extension compared to males. Two children greater than 9 are at higher risk of loss of extension three improper closed reduction by the emergency room staff for immobilization in a splint for four weeks and five failure to perform open reduction and internal fixation. The correct answer to this question is for immobilization in a splint for 4 weeks. So the patient sustained an elbow dislocation following the fall the elbow should be reduced promptly even infant Orthopedic provider is not available and immobilization greater than 2 weeks puts the patient at risk for loss of extension to quickly review Once Again pediatric elbow fracture dislocations should be treated promptly with a closed reduction to avoid control injury and discomfort. The reduction should be performed in the emergency department by the most available provider under sedation to allow for adequate relaxation of the muscles once Just the joint should be range to assess for stability and place into a splint or a sling for one to two weeks to minimize stiffness post-production. Imaging should be obtained at to evaluate for incarcerated fragments. Medial epicondyle fixation is controversial with the only definitive indication being an incarcerated fragment. If patients remain neurovascularly intact they're able to be discharged home with outpatient Orthopedic follow-up Murphy at all reviewed a hundred and forty-five elbow dislocations in Patients they found that risk factors for less than excellent outcomes were multiple Associated fractures operative intervention and prolonged immobilization. They found that immobilization longer than two weeks led to loss of terminal extension. They conclude that the majority of pediatric elbow dislocations experience good to excellent functional outcomes prod smin retrospectively reviewed 49 patients with closed elbow dislocations all treated with clothes reductions. They stay tall reductions were reduced within three hours. And most within one hour they did not comment if different outcomes. We're seeing between those treated within one hour versus three hours. They found patients treated with longer immobilization May develop more pronounced flexion contractures to conclude that immediate reduction and immobilization for one to five days produces. Excellent outcomes. Moving on to the next question an 11 year old boy sustains an elbow injury, which of the following injuries could be appropriately managed with the long arm posterior splint for 8 to 12 Days followed by protected range of motion exercises. And the choices are one non-displaced lateral condylar fracture to acutely reduced elbow dislocation 3 ulnar collateral ligament sprain for gartland type 1 superconductor fracture and five minimally displaced alacran fracture. The correct answer to this question is to acutely reduced elbow dislocation. So acute elbow dislocations can be appropriately treated with a long arm posterior splint for 10 days followed by protected range of motion exercises acute pediatric elbow dislocations are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. They were classified according to the position of the proximal radioulnar joint in relation to the distal humerus posterior dislocations are most common treatment involves closed reduction verification of Ability then brief immobilization with early range of motion operative treatment is usually indicated in open dislocations and incarcerated medial epicondyle fragments Andrews at all reviewed dislocations of the elbow joint. He reported that dislocation of the elbow in the Pediatric population is a common injury, which may be associated with fractures of the radius ulna or humorous. The majority of children's dislocations can be simply managed with a closed reduction following reduction. It's important to confirm that there is a stable congruent reduction with full range of motion prawns men reported the effect of prolonged immobilization after elbow dislocation. He showed that prolonged immobilization resulted in greater stiffness poor satisfaction and a slower return to normal activities early mobilization did not result in elbow instability. And moving on to the final question a 15 year old boy Falls from his bicycle and sustains an injury to his elbow pre-reduction radiographs show an elbow dislocation with the medial epicondyle fracture closed reduction is performed without difficulty and post-production radiographs showed the joint to be incongruous secondary to intra-articular displacement. What is the next most appropriate step in management? And the choices are one conversion to cast a mobilization for six weeks to And of an articulated external fixator three begin early motion as soon as pain resolves for open reduction and five MRI to assess ligament integrity. The correct answer to this question is for open reduction. So elbow dislocations in children are rare injuries and usually result from a fall on an outstretched arm. The incidence of these injuries increases as patient's age and concurrently the incidence of supracondylar humerus fractures decreases in adolescent patients simple elbow dislocations are treated with splint immobilization and the initiation of physical therapy ones comfortable the practitioner must be aware of structures that may get caught in the joint on reduction. These include the median nerve as well as the medial epicondyle in this patient, the radiographs reveal a medial epicondyle fracture post-production radiographs showed the joint to be incongruous secondary to intra-articular displacement at this point. The most appropriate treatment is to perform an open reduction and repair of the medial epicondyle fragment. That's all for this review about pediatric elbow dislocations. Hopefully that was helpful. This is the ortho bullets podcast a daily audio review session. Ortho bullets the free learning and collaboration Community for orthopedic surgery education. Keep in mind that this podcast is designed to go along with the topics on Ortho bullets.com. If you've gotten any value from the ortho bullets podcast so far. Please consider leaving us a five star rating and writing us a review on Apple podcast. It will help us spread the word and increase our discoverability tremendously. Thanks so much and we'll see you all tomorrow.