Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an ongoing audiobook but on Fridays, I do something a little special you send me questions and I answer them for you right here on the show now in case you're wondering why should I bother sending you a question? Do you really know what you're talking about? Well, I do have my doctor a like health degree with an emphasis in chronic disease prevention and nutrition. I also have my master of public health degree with an emphasis in health promotion and health education. I'm also a registered dietitian nutritionist a certified health education specialist and a certified exercise physiologist through the American College of sports medicine. I've also published peer-reviewed research and have presented at national conferences and I share that with you. So you have some level of confidence that when you ask me a question, I'll tell you the truth, and I'm sure you're excited to hear. Today's question. So let's get right to it and start optimizing your life. Hi, dr. Neal. First of all, I'd like to thank you for the time and dedication you put into this podcast. I really appreciate it and love listening to it. And my question for you is about cupping multiple massage therapists have recommended. I try it due to Deep Muscle tension and tightness in my back and I'm wondering how effective is cupping. I've tried it a couple of times now, and I've felt looser after the sessions. Wondering if it's just a placebo effect. Thank you so much. Hi, Jamie. Thank you so much for your question. And thank you so much for your kind words. I'm so glad you enjoy the podcast now. It seems like I always have a story that somehow relates to a question I've received and this one's no different last summer when my family and I were at the beach. I noticed one of my family members had marks on their back. They look like bruises, but were shaped like perfect circles and these bruises seem to be perfectly spaced. It on her back and when I asked they said that their massage therapist mention there may be some slight bruising after the cupping treatment. They receive at the time I wasn't familiar with the procedure. So I asked what's cupping therapy. They said that the therapist put heated silicon cups on their back to create a suction like effect and they did this to help with some of their chronic pain. I asked if it helped and they said that this was their first time trying it so they weren't sure yet since then I kept forgetting to ask whether He was helping but even if I did remember to ask this would be considered anecdotal evidence. Anyway, so I looked at the research instead and what I've found to my surprise is that there is some promising research showing that cupping therapy may help with certain conditions, which I'll get to but first a bit of background cupping therapy is considered a type of complementary and alternative medicine now, it's used around the world and it's been around for centuries. It's believed that the Greek historian Herodotus mentions cupping as a Prescribed practice back in 400 BCE or before the Common Era in the 19th century cupping therapy was reportedly used by healers in monasteries to this day. Some cultures view cupping therapy as a way to restore the flow of chi chi is considered a source of our energy or Life Source. The basic idea behind cupping is this therapist Supply a heated cup to the skin by heating the cup the goal is to create a vacuum like effect and as a result of this vacuum like Effect on the skin it's supposed to improve blood flow more blood flow to these areas of the body potentially means better healing now cupping therapy has been used to treat everything from headaches to neck pain to poor appetite and indigestion and even narcolepsy now, I should mention that there are different types of cutting methods. It's believed that there are 10 commonly used cupping methods. I'm not going to list them all here. But to give you an idea, there's light cupping strong cupping medium cupping moving cupping needle cupping. Upping hot needle cupping water cupping herbal cupping and so on. Now these Cups have been made of silicon glass metal bamboo and even gourds silicon is often preferred because of its flexibility. So it can easily cover different areas of the body. There are also different shapes and sizes of Cups. There are the traditional circular shape ones, but also bell-shaped cups to and the openings May range anywhere from one to three inches across in the Western World wet and dry cupping Most often used so in these situations basically the therapist will put something flammable in a cup and set it on fire. The flammable substance could be alcohol herbs or paper or something else altogether as the fire goes out the cup is placed upside down on the skin and left there for three minutes. Again. This is designed to create a vacuum like effect therapist may even move the cups along the skin to create a massage like effect. Now, here's what the research says about cupping therapy a randomized. Role trial found that cupping massage is no more effective than other types of therapy like progressive muscle relaxation in reducing chronic nonspecific neck pain, but other randomized controlled trials have found that cupping massage was effective in reducing pain and improving quality of life in those with chronic neck pain and even those with carpal tunnel syndrome now randomized control trials are considered a gold standard when it comes to research methodologies looking a little further. I found a meta-analysis a meta-analysis is where Searchers look at a bunch of already published studies, like the aforementioned randomized control trials and conduct their own analysis on these published studies and they found that cupping therapy may actually help with pain management. Now meta-analyses are considered an even higher gold standard maybe like the Platinum standard when it comes to research but here's the trouble the authors of the men analyses acknowledged that these published Studies have used different types of cupping therapies. This makes it very difficult. Able to know which type of cupping therapy may be most helpful plus looking at how many times patients received the cupping therapy? Well that tended to differ across studies as well and all of this makes it very difficult to draw any real conclusions from these studies just because something's been used for hundreds of years doesn't mean it actually helps. This is why we need research to know and while the published research on cupping therapy seems promising. There are just so many different types and methods of using cupping therapy. It's hard to know which one will truly help now. There are some reported side effects from this treatment luckily. Most of these are minor and are confined to the area where the cups touch the skin the most commonly reported side effects are Burns and bruising kind of like what I saw in my family member at the beach there is the potential for skin infections as well. But this isn't common So based on all of this. Here's my take when we don't have enough research to know whether something is actually effective. Here's what we can do if it Oops, and it's not causing you any harm. You don't get any Burns for example, or you don't get any like permanent bruising then by all means continue. If you find cupping therapy unpleasant or too costly. There may be other ways to achieve the same effects. So while we need more research to know whether it's actually effective if it's not causing you any harm you enjoy it then by all means continue. A real quick. Thanks to anchor for hosting this podcast. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast. It sounds great download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you again for the question, Jamie. You'll be entered into a very small raffle every month to win a book, and if you want to submit a question and have a chance to win books. It's really easy. You can call in your question. The number is 61. I love ohd or you could submit your audio question at Old podcast.com slash ask. All right, that's another week of Optimal Health daily. I can't believe that's nine hundred and fifty episodes, and it's all thanks to you. Thank you so much for listening every day. Thank you for listening. All the way through and I want to wish my nephew a very happy early birthday and I'll see you back here on Monday for your optimal life awaits.