Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous. Giggles Whispering bitches. Yes, took me all the way. I mean everybody they make great music, but that's okay. They're all this is this they're all the dollars. They're always. I hope you had a chance to check out part one of my conversation with fonte. If you didn't that sounds like a personal. No problem. No, but in all seriousness, it's not too late. So feel free to download that when you get a chance, it does not preclude you from hearing what's coming up. Next on Jamel Hill is unbothered which is part two of this amazing conversation as we continue to discuss the most pressing issues. Like why were the wigs so bad and Tyler Perry's Netflix drama a fall from grace me and fight a break it down. That's up. Next on Gmail Hill is unbothered. Despite that, you know the it was all these Good Vibes and stuff from the reunions and the album and everything. You know, I've heard you talk a little bit about it before but of course people could not Overlook the fact that ninth was not a product as project. Well, why did you decide that this other component was not meant for this? Oh, I think it just it was a mutual decision. I mean, I think you know, we just really again. I haven't conversations about what you want versus what the other person wants and you know, I just saw that we wanted very different things and you know rather than you just you know, belaboring the point and you know, just make turning something crazy. I just made a decision like, you know what we got this, you know, I'm saying it and that was it and so, you know, it's just, you know, it's know and I've said this like time and time again, you know, it's no beef. It's not like that. It's just we really more than anything. You know that as I can say, we just ran the course of our personal and professional relationship and you know, I'm always thankful and grateful for the music that we built together and for the Legacy that we built for each other, you know, I'm saying because we were both each other's introduction into the game, you know, I'm saying so, you know, so I'm always thankful for that. But just because you're rooted in something just because you Here, you know, I don't mean that they necessarily going to go all the way with you and again something that in my 20s, I would have took it very personally now, I just understand it as people growing and just because something wants somebody wants something different to what you want and it's telling me that they're against you it just means that there for them and I have no issue with anyone and I urge people, you know Choose Yourself, you know, I'm saying dude what you know, if you know that this doesn't work or just doesn't serve you. You then just say that and so that was kind of how it went. And that was that was pretty much the end of it. Yeah, I'm at least based off. You know what I read in some comments. I heard that you make is that it seemed like you guys were on different pages from a philosophical standpoint that he wanted to do all the songs you write you wanted to bring in some new want to bring another produce other producers and he kind of wasn't with that. Yeah, and I was just like now like you, you know, you can't have that in my opinion, you know. you know there was too kind of little brothers just so you know, there was like listening Minstrel show and then there was like to get back separate but equal mix a Tara and there were, you know fervent supporters on both sides. So my thing in going in with the new record, I was just like man, we have to serve both sides of that equation, you know, I'm saying and you know, you have to honor and I said before you have to honor who a person became in your It's me or in your absence rather, you know, you can't this is like if you walk out of your son's life and then you come back 18 years later and you find out he's a drug dealer. You can't condemn him as a son you need to stop selling these drugs because this year you're harming the community don't you know Tyler Perry's right in the movie about this right now, he gonna be finished in four hours and he's going to be on Netflix and it and goddamn it. You need to stop selling drugs like you can't yummies like nigga. You just did you ever stop to think that maybe if you were in his like maybe he wouldn't be drugs like who the fuck are you now to show up and then try to damn Rising? Yeah, fuck out of here. So so yeah, that was you know, that was kind of my take on it. I got you. So you are your it's interesting because it's like you're balancing almost your yourself in every space but you're balancing like three different, you know groups. Basically, it's like I don't count yourself as a group. It's like your soul because yeah, it's a venture it isn't it? Yeah. It's like your solo career. Little brother and foreign exchange. So how do you make it all work? I think the thing that is over the years is kind of help me make it work is that I just whatever the energy is, you know, I'm saying I go with it. So me and pool like we were we sat around start doing this record. We were just like yeah, dude. I told my front he believe me. I was like, yo, bro all we needs like ten records of Tim like tell him 10. That's all we need. 10 and he was like man, you know, I mean, well we can always do some more I was I'm here. We made a small bump tell you 10 by the time we got to like recognized. He was like, yeah, so all I need is one more verse right? Like, yep. I told you dude like it's so now because I've been doing it for so long. I kind of know how to conserve my energy and you can kind of gauge when you I know what the end of something feels like. Yeah. I'm saying like you 10 I was I'm just checking you did tell for no news is good news. Yeah. It was that when you're so lucky. Like yo, that was that's just kind of been my number as a reason. He just if you can tell the whole story in 35 minutes, then you don't need 55 minutes, you know I'm saying so I think the way I kind of balance it all is just giving each thing as space to kind of become what it is, you know, I just kind of walk away from it. So with foreign exchange, you know, me and Nick we're just in the process of just kind of rewriting everything and you know, we're still in constant contact almost daily because we Still run the label and but musically we're just both like, you know, what when it's time for us to do it again. We'll do it again. And when we do it, we're totally just throwing the whole book out and we just rebuilding shit from scratch. So I shouldn't get my hopes up for 2024 do for 2020. That's gonna be tough. Okay. I mean, I can't say because I'm kind of possums about now, but 2020 that's that's going to be tough. Maybe 20 21. Okay. So like I must not like Marvel and shit like, you know Point exchange summer 2025 Damn, I be alive in this shithole to come out there saying I want to put too much leeway in it. But um, but yeah, that's not how balance it all I just you know, I'll write songs and think okay. Well this sounds like me this could be little brother. This could be fun to change and just kind of put so you're able to segment. Okay. So with that said what is going on sort of with your solo career. Do you still plan to release more solos to absolutely as those funny? I was actually talking to them good buddy, Mama, man. An Focus who did good morning sunshine and if you go Mornin sunshine and God, I'm losing work through me on on medulla watch and you know me and him were just talking and I was just kind of tell him about my solo career. I'm just thinking more in terms now of kind of giving the audience a little more bread crumbs to follow. It was really hard for me when I made leave it all behind and the first thing I heard Was oh man. It's just it's just singing on this now in my mind. It's just all music. Like I don't look at it as wrapping versus singing verses whatever like I that's just how I operate but what I came to understand was that the audience doesn't work that way. So it's easy for you to fit to be Comfort to be, you know comfortable with this new shift because these are songs that you've had in your head for the last two three four years that you've been hearing every day. They're just hearing this shit for the first time. And the last time they heard you you was doing something that was not that so you got to give them time to catch up. So, you know, I have just so many different like musical ideas and things so my thing my solo career now is probably more so going to EP route of just having little small projects that I can just put out to give people a sense of where I am right now. So it's not a to three-year wait and then if I come out with a country album is like what the fuck I can kind of lead up to my country album and I'm saying is that a hit man? Listen, I love country music. I love that shit. I I'm a North Carolinian. Yeah, so so, you know a I mean it could be but whatever it is. I might go for my solo career. It may not be just full-length albums albums. It may be more little projects that just kind of give you just kind of checking in with my audience every so often like hey, this is what I was on last week. Hey last week I locked in with so-and-so and we did this. This here's three four songs, you know doing things like that. So we'll see. Well, as I said no news is good news. Definitely a banker you much. Yeah, you opened up a lot on the album talking about health marriage Fidelity a lot of different topics and which were ultimately true stories. Why did you decide to get so personal on that out man? I think for that record is funny. So me and pool was having this conversation. We use in Atlanta last weekend. We saw my the Andre 3000 interview with Rick Rubin where he was talking about. Just how Andre was talking about just how he he hasn't put out any music just because he doesn't really have the confidence. Like he doesn't really hurt Donny which is crazy. Right but I but I get it I completely get it and he was just like, you know, I'll just my confidence just isn't there and I work on stuff here and there but you know, it's just not there. And so we were talking about how you know poo you said well, man. You know, he's so successful not understand how that can be kind of like a it can be it can be a kind of a barrier, you know tend to a breakthrough and to me I thought of it it was a lot like recording no news just because and I'll tell him who I said. Well man, I think Dre he gonna have to go inward? He's gonna have to go in because so much of hip hop in general, you know as MCS so much of it is made out of struggle. You know, I'm saying you just struggling to get here. So then once you get to the point where you made it, It's like well shit what the fuck I gotta rap about now, you know I'm saying if so much of your music was defined by the ethos of hard work and struggle and get into it. And so that was kind of where I was with no news, you know, my first album I did and solo album in 2011 was charity starts at home. And that was like right damn near the middle of my divorce like it was just turmoil, you know, I mean, so then when it came time to do know news which came out in 2018. I was in a totally different place like I was you know read Married, my my paper good. I was actually happy I'm saying I was like man like the fuck out fucking fool here. Happy rap record. So, um, so I was just like, well man, I gotta go inward. You can't talk about you know what you're seeing or making observations. You really got to talk about what's going on inside we can see the outside looks good. And you know, we got the house and the kids and the this and the career. Okay. That's that's fine. What's going on under the hood and so That was what no news became and it was probably yeah right in that album was was hard. Like, I just remember I remember like waking up because I would just be up like days at a time and I remember just like getting out of bed some mornings and like it felt like I've been in a fight but it really felt like I've been in a prize fight like I would literally just feel it just aching in my bones of just, you know, going through every verse every word every fucking lying, you know, so but yeah, but it A lot of people and it was and it was therapeutic for me too. Because I had a lot of loss leading up to that record. And this is like your grandfather grandfather. My father died. Same week uncle died God I lost the lady. That was my nanny for a little bit. Like that was help me with my kids when I was traveling stuff. She passed she was 30. I mean it was it was insane. It was insane. And so it really helped that that record morning thing. Help me rebuild my relationship. I think with my parents my father passed with me and him we make peace like for he passed and then me and my mom does your mom had a heart attack. My mom had her that yeah that happened to she had a heart attack and I was just like are you shitting me? Like what are you talking about? You had a fucking heart attack. And so it really helped us kind of put a lot of stuff together in our relationship. My mother was really young when she had me. She was always having she was 15 and that made for a very tumultuous. Upbringing but but you know what? I told her I said, well, you know, I've forgiven you for everything because I understand now that you were teenage mom and we were pretty much growing up together like for real for real, you know, I mean, so, you know, I forgive you for everything, you know, I release it and you know, I hope you know you forgive me as well and you know, and she was just like well knowledge that I'm always been proud of you and you know, I'm sorry and you know that it opened up a lot of communication for us that I never had and you know, I just told her listen, you know, I'm proud of you for doing what you did, you know, because if we had of stayed we I grew up in a very small town in eastern North Carolina called Red Springs. And so we left Red Springs and I was like 7 or 8 and my mom moved us the Greensboro, which is we live right down the street from auntie. And so, you know I said, you know if I would have stayed there if you wouldn't have got me out, you know, my life would have looked very different probably so, you know, I had to honor the sacrifices that she made. Made and things she did to make it possible. And so yeah, it's been good. You know, you were a bad mother fucker when you remix her own song and then you make it even better. So sweet you is my favorite song on the entire album or whatever. Tell me. What's the back story when I started my brother tall black guy man. I'm a man tall black guy produce that one. I'll Big Ups to him. He's Detroit. Yeah you Detroit. Yes. That's my nigga. So shout out to him. Yeah. That was a record. That was a beat he did. Honestly probably set on that beef like four years for I wrote anything to it. He sent me that meat back like 2014. I want to say and I was like dude what the fuck it was just one of those beat it was so good that I was scared to wrap on exact want to fuck it up. Yeah, I'm saying house like this shit only no wraps on it. Like let's get a nigga playing the flute or something. That's just do it's too pretty to be defiled by these rapid rapid as this nigga shit get me a saxophonist in here get worse. Where's Kenneth G Kenny G Kenneth cover Kenneth that you have like listen. You know me. I wanted something like that, but I sat with it for a long time and finally, you know, right before I think it was what is right after me and my wife got mad and I couldn't write anything for all them years and then just one night it just all hit me at once and I was like boom. So the lesson I learned in that is that sometimes you have to wait for life to happen before you can write the song when this supposed to be written and you know, if all those years I had to beat, you know, I never really had I guess maybe the muse I need to write it to be in love here. Yeah. All right. I just and that was like when I said the word is my easy song to write. I mean it really was all the words just came and I recorded that was the very very very last song I recorded for the album. I was recording it the crib while my man Chris was at the masterhouse mastering it and so the minute I finished it. I just emailed it to him send him to wave and we mastered it in with everything else. But that was like the 11th Hour like we finished I finish that song. Yeah, because I have to tell those listening. Is that if you Download leave it all behind by Foreign Exchange sweeter than you is the song itself derived from. Yes, right, which is already on his own. I fucking incredible song right? Thanks. So then he mixes it coloring. This is a brand new song and then created a new song which is just as good and I could argue with myself. It might be even better in some respects. So before I get you out of here, I want to talk to you about Drake and okay. You are a concern. I remember David because I think it was because of your Twitter feed that I actually read the column by the New York Times. Yeah, it was a piece rather wasn't a column where they did a piece about how Drake normalize wrapping and say it which immediately Mig release the gates of hell. I mean it didn't happen. It was I think he he took it to another level. I think that's okay. I think that's okay to say, you know, right I think right. Because he but he did not they made it seem like he invented rap spot, right? You started like no. No, he may have taken it to a new level. I was so happy that you got in multiple people's asses and be like, I'm sorry. I've only been doing this my entire fucking career rapping and singing But the cool thing about it is that Drake has said, Multiple times that you and I were a huge inspiration to him. How did it make you feel because look like Drake is basically going to be like LeBron, right? Okay right now is people say or at least there's a there's a strong conversation and some people are outright saying like LeBron is the best player ever. Okay, and people disagree in like Michael Jordan, whatever whatever but when it's all said and done LeBron is going to own so many records that I don't agree. No, I see where you're going with This thing for the most part I agree with you like Drake is going to be home soon. And this has nothing to do with Drake. He's gonna have but this this is where this is where it differential. So this is the theory that I've kind of been having right? So what I think is the difference is you're talking about basketball versus music. So basketball players don't churn and burn in the way that musicians. Do you know I'm saying, I mean, you know, if you if you're like LeBron, I mean you've been in the game, you know, however long you know I'm saying and you know, if you burn out, you know, if You know, I'm not like the sports guy. So I can't give you like examples of players. But you know, it's it's just a different process versus versus with art particularly artist until now. So the way I kind of see it is like I think eventually all art is going to turn into Avatar I have this is my avatar Theory, right? So the movie Avatar when it came out which was basically just Pocahontas with blue niggas, but that's all it was. But that movie came out did Blockbuster fucking numbers printed fucking money and now 1015 about the fact like no one talks about it. Like it had no cultural impact not only that you ever ask people if they saw it like literally nobody I know has ever seen this movie. I've never seen it. I've never seen it either. Context is over and I think all music is headed that way. I think that it's gonna we're moving to a case where you know context is gone. So you have all these big like huge, you know, Drake Kendrick, whoever that just fucking print money, you know I'm saying but the way art is released in the way artists consumed and then not only way artists consume, but the way the critics and the so-called, you know, the cultural Gatekeepers way they report on art I mean again if in if you're reading now it is again, this has nothing to do with him personally, you know, I mean, but if you're reading now that Drake was basically invented singing and rapping then nigga in 10 years. It's going to be down Macklemore's the greatest rabbit ever live. Yeah, you know, they like ladies and gentlemen the greatest songs of all time McLemore like like it you owe me. It's just so like things good thing things just get erased and so in Is being Rewritten so fast, like I had like my my greatest like my moment moment, so I talked about this on to a little bit to Christmas me we all in the car. I let my boys. Take over the dam the dam Spotify. I'm like, I know y'all what y'all own show which I listened to run it. I know y'all got this ain't passing over the Hawks I gave him that the Olympic over the Bluetooth Nick. We just stepped it up. You ain't no ain't no cords and my Cardinals fuck is wrong with you peasants. She The Bluetooth that bitch so I let these niggas get the Bluetooth. They start playing me shit. I'm like, holy shit. They start playing me rap niggas that like, it's like it's not me goes. It's like they make me go sound like Pharaoh much like it. I mean, it's just it's just these new Young niggas not just talk and they just and it's entertaining. So this is one thing what's the nickname as Nigga cash or Kwan? He had nothing. He's somewhere missing cash required. My travels scammer rap is the thing scammer ass camera. It's raps word is the young guys just talk about pulling their scams. So it seriously is I can't make this up. This is one nigga us. Look at E. J6 X. I think he got a tape. I think it's him to want me to take you got a tape called black Force activity. So you already know. No black Air Force's them them to just came home nines. You know what it is. Like you said it was a black forces on load up like forces. That's yeah, you know, you're either a felon or Janet. I'm sorry. That's just I don't I don't make the rules. It's just what it is. You got to take all black Force activity and it's just him I think if he won and it's just him talking about how to pull scams and how to use Bitcoin and like this it is like the most is some sub-genre of Sounds like the dark when it's dark with dark hair dark web face cat rat and so my son's is playing all this evening shit and I'm like what the fuck and they just laughing. So I said, well, maybe I said, well, what is what is the what's the appeal? Because I my thing is I just want to be able to have conversations with him. I'm not going to condemn it and Ah, that's bullshit. I just want to know what do you get out of this and my oldest son? He's like Dad. I never know what he's going to say next. It might not even run. Hey, he was so entertained I said, okay, so then we get to the to finally get the in-laws house in my nephew's there. My nephew he's 25. So he's like a little older than you know, my son. Even he I was telling him some I was like man you ever heard of this dude and he was like, yeah. He said man, I ain't gonna lie, even that make me feel old. I'm like nigga if you're still only 25 like you feel 7,000 years me just listening to you. Tell the story I'm like, I've never you could have made up a name. I don't know who the fuck that is. I don't know. It is a whole genre of just scammer camera. They just be talking about the scams they pull and it is the funniest shit ever. And so but now, you know again, you know, because we don't have no context whatever and I was talking with nobody in mind. He's like man, I have people the younger guy in the game. He's like man, I got people coming up to me talking like yo, what up Legend and I'm like Legend I ain't in this thing almost like three four years in I'm like bro. That's this. Welcome. Get ready for your avatar. Mom what it kind of it. Now I'm able to put into two more context and frankly appreciate because when I'm sure this may have happened to you like when I was growing up, whatever I would play any hip hop The Hip Hop I could play in front of my mother. I should say she'll be like I didn't eat shit that ain't nothing but a number Now I get why she had that reaction. And we you know, we look at our version of hip-hop as classic but I understand now why she had this reaction because I listen to a lot of the stuff that I'm like that sounds like some bullshit it listens. I don't get it and I can appreciate it because it's not for me to get and as a parent. I just have to that reveals me like like there's my kids are supposed to listen the shit that pisses me off. Like that's just the natural order of things. They're supposed playthings. Is that make me as a parent second-guess my parenting you have anything like that just has to be you know, the way it is. So so yeah, I mean, so that's yeah like it's happening like it used to be you might feel that maybe like in a 10 year age difference. But now it's just a couple years. Like I said me and my husband are only five years apart. He plays some things that I'm like, I mean, it's stuff that people know but it'll still be stuff that I'm like, oh my god. I've never heard of that person. It's in there and just that five years. Is like high school? You know, I mean, I remember, you know early in the game like get something like yo, man this rap shit Joe is like high school, bro. You got four years to get your bread and it's really like that just in terms of you when you think of classes where you know, if we're four years apart. If you're the older one then that means you were the senior. So whatever is your Holy Grail, whatever me as a freshman. I'm looking at that shit like hot as shit cool, but my shit bout to be you know, I mean, it's like it it's that thing so a four-year Gap in hip-hop years that's damn near an entire generation almost you know, I mean and so so yeah, so I understood, you know going back, you know to the Drake thing when I saw them when I saw like New York Times like putting that stuff, you know, the main thing I wanted to be clear and and I mean and I think Drake knows this and I you know, but you know, I don't have any personal issue with none of those guys, you know, I mean, and I've said, you know time and time again that you I'm happy for Drake success, you know, whenever people have tried to say well man. Do you feel like he stole your style or you you want some of that said I'm like bro. I don't ever jock. I don't ever you know be envious of someone else's success because I don't know the price they paid for it. Mmm and you know what they paid for it, maybe a price this far above what I'm willing to pay but it but if I mean in a way it's sort of is our comparison because you and Drake are not the same type of singer the I'm not oh, you know, I'll say because I know you won't you probably you know, and I think he he does say it sounds good. It's all that drink is not a singer you actually write on a singer. You can fucking see a Nazi. I enjoy all of his music. I think he's great, but it's like it's a different. It's a different thing. It's like you can't that's like, you know sort of you know, that's like comparing am I really about to head to it on my ass. That's like I'm doing Janet Jackson and Patti LaBelle. Absolutely. They're not the same. They're not the same. Although they have their strengths. We keeping it a band. I mean if we if we just gonna talk always about it. I listened to more Janet and Patti. Let's just say that you know, she got more jams a hundred percent like I respect Patti. She's great. I want to surrender to us. At a Popeye's an airport. It was most awesome. Thinking about is the blackest or I've heard hell. Yeah. So to that point though, I would rather listen to Janet like I put on a Patti LaBelle song and God knows how long the nation will be able to make a good song is not necessarily equivalent to your ability ability to just say that like, I don't Consider you all in the same class of singer. Like I wouldn't do it again again though, Jamil Hill. You are someone that listens to music you research music you deep dive you go in, you know, the average listener that your tastes don't reflect those of the average listener, you know, I mean and the way you consume music in the way that you process it you process it and break it down in a way that the average consumer problem and it's it's probably not even relevant to today's times. I mean to be honest like not at all I real again. I realize I'm a fucking fossil. I embrace it. It's okay with me embrace the wild with all that, you know being said it at least I read that there was a couple of opportunities that you and Drake could have possibly work together. It was just it was kind of felt it was once I mean we did records back in we did shit man. It was like a long time ago when he first first before like before so far gone even came out. Yeah. We had done like a couple of Records. Just don't you got a man John with the whale a we did you think good thoughts with Elle's I and we did like another wreck. I can't remember which is another but this is all early kind of mixtape ship and we had an opportunity. We have been texting around town. He's working on take care and he was going to get me on a record and I did a verse for it, but I think something happened with the beat or something and he ended up scrapping it. I this is just what I've seen from other interviews again. I've never met him have never Had a conversation we've never had like a phone conversation the few encounters we've had it was just all through text and it's kind of whatever but that was it and you know, and you know the thing I just again I just have to make clear. You know, when I was when I saw the New York Times though. It was nothing against Drake. It was nothing against him. My thing was just looked you motherfuckers is not about to rewrite history in front of my goddamn face cuz fuck out of here with that. You know, I'm saying like any and it's not even about me. It's about Bone Thugs. Hello Andre, you know I'm saying fucking chaos nigga. Like that's a nigga from Toronto that was doing the ship full Drake, you know, I mean, so, you know, it's just you have to be very and this is something another big lesson. I learned is over the past year or two, you know, I've never been a person to really blow my own horn. So to speak I just like to let the work speak for itself. But the thing that I'm learning is that you can't do that like you you can't to So don't quote let the work speak for itself requires a great deal of faith in the audience to discern and determine what said work is and that's a tall order for the average listener. You know, I mean, so, you know, you have to jump in control and be in control of your own narrative and on your narrative or else other month of the try to write either a Write Your Story or be right you out of it and fuck all that. I mean so that was my whole thing. But just when I saw they had vote that shoes it's like nah, do not even about me. I mean, you know, but bro like this. He ain't the first nigga to that. He would even tell you he in the first nigga to do that. Like he had said that they lie when the truth will do what my that's why my frustration is more with the journalists and not with you and Charlie not what you do when you write a piece that supposed to be a historical piece. You have to put everything in context. History is it's your job to do that. And the fact that this this reporter didn't do that. It was disappointing and so as a result, they got appropriately lit up and you talk about how music is change. That's how journalism is changing used to be you could write something like that. And when there was no social media people just wouldn't know better. They Grumble from their own homes, and they might snail mail you or send you an e-mail at the most but now everybody sees that you fucked up. Yeah, and so and you know and about that too, you know you talk about How media will the way it is now? I was even reluctant to even respond because you know, you never comes in additional State exactly because then is this you versus Drake. Yeah, and it just becomes like the Outreach, right? We like because you know, I think a lot of these are a lot of these, you know newspapers and just media Outlets. I think a lot of times like they will print just crazy shit because they know it's going to Garner that reaction and so it was even I was even conflicted about replying, you know, because I'm just like man, I don't want to give it any I don't want to feed the fire. But the same time I was like man, but this is my fucking Legacy like fuck that. So that's what made me in. But but now it was no no issue with Drake. He shouted me out on IG like the other day and I didn't I almost miss things. I wouldn't eat honey. Hardly be on social like that no more but I saw it and I was like, okay word up. And I mean that was that was the end of it when we put it out an existence y'all got to do a record together. It's only right. It's only right the man's needed that we needed a collab so I know Drake is an avid listener to this podcast. Of course, so, of course once I say it's going it's official. Thank me later. I certainly will be back in a moment more with my day. Abercrombie knows there's no one way to be fierce. Where's your place in the fierce family with six cents all related yet all uniquely different. There's something for everyone take World Soccer champion and Advocate Megan Rapinoe. She's an icon bold outspoken memorable much like abercrombie's iconic Fierce cologne a bold blend of marine Breeze sandalwood and a sensual musk that emanates individuality or take paralympian and activist Scout. Said who overcame tremendous adversity to become a five-time world champion a physical manifestation of the word bravery. She reminds us of fierce confidence and energetic blend of Bergamot and white Amber that highlights an alluring undertone of musk a truly Dynamic blend that speaks for itself go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to check out the entire Fierce family of fragrances and follow Abercrombie on Instagram to see more from some of the fiercest athletes and ons out there find your place in the fierce family. Before I finally let you go. It's a little game. I like to play with my guest. Okay, it's called this or that you gave this little game we play and you get two choices and you say get a goal we help you out. Alright, you get two choices. Not Pho choices don't have any choice these the to this is one is bottomless. All right Coming to America Trading Places Coming to America. I like the authority when she said yes. Yeah, and you love Trading Places comes with Mira consider trading places a Christmas movie. Not really. I don't it's not it's I mean it takes place I guess during Christmas but it's not a is not good. Yes, is it a dollar because we all do it or before before a dream, please. Do you consider that had a Christmas movie more so than Trading Places. It's not a Christmas, but I wouldn't watch the hold on Christmas, you know to be but a lot of people do and I'm like, it's not a fucking Christmas movie stop it. I watch Miracle on 34th Street. That's a Christmas movie. I've never seen it moving my life. What was the miserable on 34th Street? I thought you miss Isabel said it like you're not missing much elf is a Christmas movie. Nigga elf is the shit Elvis bad Sam about was yeah. No, you know, I watch like which to me is fucking Peak Bill Murray, nigga. I watch Scrooge the night. That's just funny. Yeah. Yeah. And what about Bob watching every time to build classic built martinet Fresh Prince Martin or fresh prince. Um, man, I will probably go Man, I'll probably have to go with fresh prince only because Fresh Prince had moments that were like real moments. Like you know it, you know, it had some like Martin was just it was jokes and jokes a joke Fresh Prince had some moments that were really like the white almond don't want me. How come obviously it's been a syndication for a while, but I'll catch it and I forgot forgotten about how much serious shit that they talked about, right? Yeah, the one when they were racing the program profile. Yeah and I had a realization like yeah, you know, I'm still a nigger right exactly. It know that was no there. I'll give a freshman Martin. I honestly wasn't the Martin fan. I realize even having this conversation. I didn't really watch as much TV back then as I thought I assume is some of my peers watching. I spend all my time in my room playing records. So the only shows that I would religiously watch like in the 90s was like In Living Color and New York Undercover. And then they jump the shark when like they killed when a kilt or not. It was not the same. I feel like they need to like reboot that and just make us feel good about it jumbo undercover now be like this fucking chasing a bunch of opioid Fanatics Casey. You're Anthony Hamilton. Man, Casey Anthony Hamilton. I will probably have to go to I mean great. It's got North Carolina brother. I know man man. I have to go with Casey on it because Casey was just Man, Kyle Ike I saw Jodeci. Like I saw them in their Prime. So I saw Jodeci Josie came to the Greensboro Coliseum and it was the tour it was Hammer wagon was the headline. It was Jodeci Boys to Men and hammer on what door nigga. Let me tell you something. Holy shit. Yeah. I forgot the name of that tour. It wasn't after Diary of a Madman or this was 92. Oh shit. Oh this one. For diary here. But um, but yeah, man, I got my uncle took me see him and I can't remember if it was a Budweiser Superfast it was you know, like the bird what's come on now, you notice you don't know shit about that. Yeah. Well anyway, he let that shit up. But Jodeci them niggas they went in like they they they were saying like hell and Casey Man like he is just really just in terms of just Great Soul voices I think like him and although his legacy kind of got reduced to the Thong Song Cisco is Cisco a singing ass nigga, man. He just I think it was just like the the hair and then the thong and then the like that kind of gave it away. I'm Cuts though. Yeah. Steps, I don't know what the what the steps were. But but it was fast as five old man. We was away from that. Did you mean them niggas? Yeah, I love Cisco's. Yeah, I would probably go with Casey, you know all of the and me but Casey just he was just a fucking Powerhouse Andy Hamilton. I had him on the podcast recently and he said the two best soul singers. He's ever heard where Casey and the lead singer of a child. Oh, Dino, Dino. Yes monsters human and not Was again, I mean those singers back then I mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean in church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community and the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably last one. Is it is it Fantasia? You can't definitely Fantasia. It's like that's the last sort of contagion Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turn racially ambiguous Whispering bitches. So, you know, I mean, so that's kind of took me all the way. please Oh shit Rob. Yeah, I mean, you know, that's the best analogy. I could be best description. But I mean they make great music but it's just that's just a shift right different. Well, yeah, I'll go Casey. Okay, in-game or Infinity War Hi man. Um, I will probably go I'm and I might have to go Infinity War just because the infinity war was that feeling of being in the audience and just the silence. That was in the crowd when you know the end when they're all dying shit man. That was some of the wildest shit when they win the Black Panther with the Charlotte went out. Yeah, right an emotional breakdown. I was thinking like they don't read the news. They don't know by Peta to come and go. Really just took me off my rocker. I don't feel so good and start Spider-Man me tell you something man. Let's let me just what it sounds like with Thugs Cry nigga hit one. Look that thing I have they heard I was like, oh no Tom Holland don't die. See we need you for the sequel. He said that she heard I was sad to see young Spidey go but I'm saying game that was that was always experienced. You said, I don't know if anyone that was just an experience and I mean all the Marvel movies. I mean, they're all the Same fucking movie, but they do their disable their not the session Martin Scorsese said Martin Scorsese, not right here. He did not count this man told us it was nothing to chance and their workshop and made tailor-made for the audience to feel this way. Like there's no Nuance in any of them, you know when to clap for this part, you know, this is the bad guy he notices that and like I understood I got what he was what he was strongly disagree back. You lucky I had two more hours that I was sitting here if I could but that's really the only one. Okay, let's go the most trash Marvel one. Okay. So what was the most trash Marvel? What did she like Iron Man 3 Iron Man 3 was terrible it was garbage. Oh God. I'm so bad is order dark world that shot was totally agree. He got it back with Ragnarok yeah, it was fun running around that's fun. Yeah, when I go like down the worst like those are the two that immediately come to mind, you know, it doesn't age. Well the first Avengers you'll think so then as well. Okay second one. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's when I saw the second one. I felt that way about it. Like the one that had the best franchise was Captain America like holding like holding it them. When a soldier look I think when you start talking about what's the best Marvel movies ever? I think for me, I think it's Civil War but you know, but I don't blame people really nice of injuries really blame. Anybody that says whether Soldier because when the soldier was yes the shit right Civil War was hard it was that was absolutely so but in game I would I would lean toward that just because and this is, you know, accounting for my sports expertise. I cannot remember people really treating a movie like a sporting event and it was that you know, I went to the premiere like it was Was a made the energy like amazing that people like you said the level of emotional distress and if if you want to people had and maybe I didn't get his distress because I'm a Marvel head. So I have read I knew what the fight was. Okay, but not really obviously. I mean I hear when Tony - Tony And speaking of it. Listen. Can we name anyone? I've like I put this question for we named anyone who has a greater comeback story than Robert Downey jr. Hard to tell because time I erase these people don't know crackhead Robert Downey jr. Listen, we 0 Robert it was used to be wild crackhead. We're not just like we're not putting out this overview of Christ. No, nigga blown Tyrone Biggums a scrap nigga, but he broke into people's houses like that man went from me crackhead to Iron Man Iron understand that trajectory. Whoo, God this is amazing. Oh man. I've got I mean - okay, we have no evidence that yeah. Okay. Okay mustard greens collard greens collars. Hmm, Delirious Aurora Man, I probably would go with raw and he was always That Celebrity I would see whenever I saw him on TV. I knew to turn the TV volume down because it's going to be some cussing like you just prepare for for profanity whenever you see Eddie Murphy, he's just gonna be just the black dude with the leather on and he's just going to be cussing like a motherfucker and if you want to get in trouble, you better turn this shit down for your mama. Welcome International Lover Delirious. Oh man, I gotta go delirious. Delirious is basically praise and worship song ya gotta is all like that was all like Prince's like Delirious. Let's go crazy. It's all his I mean, this is straight from the church and final one. Feel like making love or cruising D'Angelo. Oh. Hey, man, I will probably go with. I'll probably go with cruising cruising's good step or song because I know who does your shit lovely and that Feel Like Making Love. And I mean the thing is like covers on a record. They can go so many different ways. But I like the way he did that and it sounded like he made it sound like his own song in the context of that album the album that I don't think it's enough credit is black Messiah. I love food. I love this one of my albums of the decade Like That album came out at a time. Yeah, it's gorgeous fucking record and a lot of those songs like I had an early demos of some of them shits from like oh eight like them like them them records did been kind of in the works for a while I love that yeah he when you look at his discography it's like it's amazing I mean it really is amazing like he's somebody does not talked about enough know he's someone that you know I remember I had someone tell me early just in the game of my mentor he was like well in this game either you're a micro or your prints you know meaning either you just release everything you know or you take your your time to kind of do and you know D'Angelo I always Adam D'Angelo and Sade on my life goes then they can show up like once every decade with music and then they go away and it's just like fuck you and you don't know shit about them and not on social media they don't Sade I'm not fully convinced she actually exist in the human flesh and she when I when she came on she's the last one she did she was with John Legend and I got a chance to see it and it was phenomenal person I mean I like John Legend but I grew to love him after seeing that because you would assume this dude what a piano how energetic he's going to be so he put it on how to control it out and I just was like I got to get on this dude even more so than I am now and what I love about Sade she sounds just like she does on the records she got a two-step and she going to step that whole fucking concert step in a ponytail get to Steppin up until Real Simple and I feel bad for the people I like Beyonce's ruined the Concert Experience for everybody you see her and you just go see somebody else and you know because Beyonce I saw her walk on water dog will you go see somebody and you might go see somebody like Usher high energy before he hanging from a ceiling and you like chibi I said oh no water right like she's ruined it so it's got a sheet with all the pyrotechnics no she's with another that's her brand is very simple I said Home to lovers rock tour at things like 2002 and just amazing show just class. She just exudes just class to me like just does things in our own time, you know only records when she has something to say. Yeah, but she's like that to like for a while Maxwell's Instagram was my life goal because Max was Instagram for like almost like a year straight. It was just this nigga on boats. He was imitating. It was just him like it was he was at a party like he it had nothing to do with music and that shit was so fucking great. Well when I saw that shot a is might be releasing some new music this year. I squealed little girl. Didn't you have like a record with the did she have something on the couch? Remember what it was? Yes, he did. Please bless us with it. Also, she must have something to say I can't wait to hear what it is. Okay. Alright. Okay. I know you're okay. Have you seen just Mercy the jail? It's good heart is amazing. Yo, I was I'm gonna be real I was expecting the after-school special and I just went into it because I had some Regal gift cards and I was like, okay fucking RICO case. Yeah. I mean, I mean where else am I going to spend them? Yeah, I'm saying like I could buy T-shirts. I just bitch. So he's all we was all we took the family trip. Yo, it is a good movie. I will I will say this I put this on it's Easily to me easily Michael B. Jordan best performance outside of re it might be Jamie's Mr. Palmer's as well straight up its OK it was it was I mean, it's very straightforward. I mean it's you know, it's the clear, you know, but yeah it I was expecting it to be just some after-school special feel good shit, but it's really good. I wish I was highly surprised now you make me feel totally awful because I've seen Bad Boys 3, but I have not seen it you a man that can do both. I feel so awful. Have you see cuz I asked them to do and that's just the Aaron Hernandez documentary. Yes, all that nigga. Oh, yes come on with the tape which would give it a taste and you don't know if the come on pass all right here to me bonus take bonus content here for everybody. So the Aaron Hernandez documentary. The thing is like it was it was interesting the way that first part is put together. It's like yeah, he was a great player his dad died. All this stuff happened and he was sleeping with his teammate. Details of the case and how far it went. Well some of this it kind of emerged in trial right and that there was there was all kind of rumors that his sexuality his struggle with his sexuality was, you know an issue with him. But what I what I don't I see people doing this I don't want people to make Leap that that was the reason why he was a murderer, right? It may have been a contributing factor in the sense of there may have been some residual Asian, but not cause it's not like it's not to say, you know, and I think that, you know, people have to just be careful about making that link even with CTE. I know certainly we have seen unfortunately Junior seau's some other cases that there have been some kind of violent in the just cause you have ctd CTE that doesn't mean become a mass murderer, but I think the most amazing part of this documentary is the fact that Aaron it is clearly a scene Mariah single fucking episode of Law & Order this think it was the worst criminal ever. It wasn't super intelligent about what he was doing or trying to hide stuff. It was like he is literally killing people out in the open. Let me just like that heat as long as he did. As Andrew, I mean it was only Lord is it I mean it's tragic it is awful but it's like you killed a dude right in your neighborhood where there's no it's Rich. It's white. I did obsolete between to me like this because it's again like we talked about like with court like when when shit come out I tell with all that listen man, you talk about suing lawsuit with breath Court ain't what you Want everything comes out and got them court. Is that a little workout Discovery bull. Dad. You do not want that smoke right? So my shit that was crazy to me was when the fucking first off the mama marrying the sister's husband husband. Yeah, that was messed up women be shopping women be shopping about what she just straight up asking for a million dollars. You're like you I told you I would have been strange sinful a jump in sales. That would not have set you for life. No now you just seem like the type of person who knew how to take care of this matter your cousin husband The Unsung. Just listen if you're a brother out here much how Beyonce his ruin concerts for you. I think Aaron Hernandez his girlfriend his ruined girlfriends for every man, because we if you want a woman that so loyal you can kill her sister's boyfriend and she say, Maybe we'll get through this wait and you may have helped you hide the murder weapon, you know, the shame of that is is that you know, I think I posed this question on Twitter as I you know, y'all talk about people talk about loyalty, but her loyalty should have been to her family and I get I get it was more complicated because they have a baby. Yeah, so he's thinking about is insurance. But all these other things I'm sure we're complications, but she she she literally wound up dead. Only her sister essentially who is notice is still not they still ain't gonna order to know I would love an update to see I feel like they need to be on a yalla like no, let me tell you something State like the new season of these where are they now joints hurt this family. You need to get this shot on there. Who's yeah, I think she's had another baby by somebody and she did the baby a by it's another NFL player, I believe so. Any rate women be shopping that was disheartening to see is like man, you really by doing that you and then when his later trials when they figured out like, oh he done murdered a bunch of she the only one there and I wasn't even the mama didn't come to the pharmacy. I'm done. Well, it was if you haven't seen it and Tube a spoiler alert. I don't know what to tell you still watching. Anyway, I would be most people are stunned by the This of which he committed some of these crimes. Listen batshit. I watch that doesn't I watched old man. Did you see the more lifetime Blackness the the story of the girl that got abducted? No, I did say that when you see that let me see. This is why I said this man like forget about it Questlove. He just needs to break down television and films that are out. That's that's all you know. This man beat up being a Critic of content critic. Maybe doesn't my next ACT. That's your next ACT will look I gotta let you go. Thank you so much for spending this time with me. It really hasn't we've been trying to make this happen for we have a ton of he finally brought your ass out to LA be able to make it happen and he live with you on Sherman showcase. Yes, we are both on the same say so Sharma showcase airing this summer. But yeah, I mean I Say much success with did you got a lot of success success - greatest. It says you congrats on your marriage. Just you know you making I've seen the way you've been able just to transition from, you know going for ESPN's like to doing this and like you're you and I told you this before like, you know, just in private like you seem so much lighter and happier now than I've ever seen you in two years and this this would be absolutely true so much love and blesses you and you know, I'm here for whatever you need. But thank you. So he's getting out of here five days out, but I'm sticking around because you know, what's next everybody fucking I'm bothered. recently the House of Representatives approved legislation making lynching a federal hate crime for the first time in United States history the legislation is appropriately named the Emmett Till anti-lynching act which of course is named after the 14 year old teenager who was lynched in Mississippi in 1955 for allegedly whistling at a white woman Now just say what you all are thinking. The United States is just now and 2020 putting something on the books that says, you know, what lynching is kind of bad. It took a hundred and twenty years folks for lynching to be recognized as a federal crime and 65 years after Emmett Till was murdered shamefully. We don't even have an accurate account of how many people were lynched because between 1877 and 1950. Historians have only been able to account for 4,000 documented lynchings. I suppose I should be happy about the progress. However slow and despite the thousands of people who have died without our government ever acknowledging how devastating and brutal this particular brand of racial terrorism is but like with anything this incremental bit of progress is doused by a few things. The legislation was passed 410 to 4, which means there were four, Representatives who decided you know what I think this whole lynching thing is a little overblown and maybe need some closer examination and I don't need to tell you what party those for naysayers were from let's just say that party rhymes with Russ mullikin seriously how terrible of a person do you have to be to vote against a bill that recognizes lynching as a federal crime what kind of unfeeling evil lowlife creating things you know what I want no part of a bill that recognizes lynching as a I hate crime and actually get some justice to the thousands of lynching victims it's just a bad look look I get that sometimes politicians vote against what appeared to be no-brainers because there might be some fine print there it's tied to making funding in another area disappear or some of them simply just want smaller government but even if that were the case do you really want it on the record that you voted against a bill named for a child whose murder ignited the Civil Rights Movement which is only the greatest modern movement in history stay unbothered Jamel Hill is unbothered it's produced by Spotify Studios and unbothered ink and recorded and edited by Rich burner and Cadence 13 Ashley Van Horn is our head of talent Evan dick is our executive producer and Denise Holly is the program manager our theme music is provided by Cory green leaf and been Darwish you can find more from me on Twitter and Instagram at Jamel Hill