Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You need me to help you relax. hmm I always kept telling you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know. Come a little bit closer. baby, girl Feel more comfortable there. That's good. That's good. I wonder what do you think about when you can't sleep? Go. You think about what you want to do? That was safer right now. You did quite a bit today. Just good to relax a little. when you say I would say so. You rub your head, okay. Calm down. You need to rest. empty your mind did rubbing your head and back help relax you. hmm That is good to know. You've been really stressed out this week. He's been off everybody. That's why you have to relax. chill out breathe Focus there you go. You doing a little bit better there? Lean back some more. Oh. You want to lay on my chest? Really? I show you baby girl decide right now. That's okay, though. All right. You comfortable there? That's good. It's good to see you're as he relaxed in a bit. You know. You should really do that more often. Let your mind wander. What do you see this place is? Is it a safe place for you? Do you feel that? You can let go relax like this. Oh you do? Is that why you staying up? We just wait for me to come. Come on, buys. You can lay on me. Look at you. That's real cute, you know. I like that. Why are you blushing for? It's good to have a place you can rest at. to relax with the little more relaxed It's good to know. And do your mind? picture is floating on a gentle breeze Let's say we're laying in the grass. a nice sunny day You going to be a mile up that way? Not a care in the world, you know. Don't focus on the job. don't focus on too many deadlines don't focus on Anything with the family? don't focus on maybe at a loss the right amount of weight. don't focus on or anybody might said to you this week. only focus on this Here and Now laying down on me. this relaxation a place of comfort free plays can you feel that? You can. You're getting better. I want you to remember that. To help you to calm your mind. Close your eyes. And wrap my hands around your waist and pull you close. Does it feel comfortable that way? It is. That is good. You look a little drowsy there. Are you starting to relax a little bit? I can tell. Slow your breathing down. You remember that taught you don't you? Think about it. focus on it breathe the air and slowly and slowly let it out. This is a safe place here. a place where you belong a place where we all belong I can tell this is what? You're waiting on. Although you could just set it, you know. I'll start trying to cover your face up now. It's pretty cute. You know, I like it. You can go snuggle in clothes. That's a good baby girl. He always look your cutest. I'm trying to rest on me. the very peaceful look and make no mistake. Peace is very important, baby girl. Now, I know you'll be a good baby girl for me. And try to get your wrist now won't you? You go. Here we go. Remember that safe place? in the grass with the wind blowing an easy way to let go. A place we all can call home. Isn't that right, baby girl? For this is home. Here we go. They are mastering the breathing technique. It was trying to teach you. That's the peaceful. Look I always wanted you to have. Just like that. It's okay now. It always feels. So simple and tucking you in bed. A nice smile on your face on a baby girls have to get a rest. And seeing as how you finally are sleeping peacefully like this. It seems that my job is done for the night. Such a peaceful looking face. Never seem to get old, you know. But I think I talked enough. I don't want to wake you up. anyway Even though you can't really hear this. You are knocked out right now. Good night, baby girl. until next time hello everybody. I hope you enjoyed today's by guess if you have any kinky stories or professions that you really want to have me read on his podcast. You can just send it to my email at BDSM the wildlife at you gmail.com, or you can find it in pretty much my bio on anchor 1 minus 2 gram. Anyway, if you also want to find more bonus stories or ASMR y'all can check out. Patreon because they be putting more and more content do whatever comes to my life. But anyway until next time.