This is Sky Blues extra.Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry City. The Sky Blues are now two points clear at the top of the League One Table and also have a game inAnd to put that into perspective Lads Coventry haven't been top of any division after the Christmas break since 1967 a massive 53 years ago a really huge achievement is really hard fought game today, very thrilling performance against promotion Rivals. But what I'm going to do first is cast our minds back to actually the Rotherham fixture which happened last Tuesday and obviously, you know, a really important fixture for the Sky Blues it ended in a draw. Probably a think a lot of Sky Blues fans. Hope that we could have gone the full full three points there. But how did that sort of look Andy from a match stats perspective. Yeah. It was really a game to horse Dave. Obviously, they came out of the traps really well and then the Sky Blues really finished the second off really well and could have won it at the end but the stats were staying 50% possession. So equal possession between the two sides eight shots versus eight shots again equal a chance has created for the Sky Blues versus For and 60% pass accuracy versus their 61 percent. So the stats like the game was very even really David and I think you know Marco Marco morosi obviously got a little bit of stick for their equalizer. What did you think of that Tom? Did you think it was just a lot of pressure there a big side? Yeah. It was it was a bit of a strange one. Actually. I was trying to sort of them pick what happened. He sort of parried a couple of shots just before it happened and I was starting to think whether he picked up an injury. He and his hand or something wasn't right, why use Perry and shots all of a sudden when he's been very comfortable at just bringing them into his body normally and then they've got a corner and it's come in and and the other thing was the ball was so greasy. I mean absolutely tipped it down just before kickoff so and yeah, he's just completely fluffed it which was very very unlike morosi. But yeah, very disappointing to go down that early on but but yeah, we sort of grew back into the game quite quickly, which was good to see what did you make of the game Andy was you impressed? This guy please performance not particularly first half know 40 was poor but didn't forget how when Robins changing it to Tool front. I think that disrupted the Midfield Midfield been playing well together as a for the been getting good Partnerships together and I think throwing another man out front we struggled with it really. So the first half was really poor obviously morosi made his error uncharacteristic for him, but he made it's absolutely wonderful world class say to make up for it, you know ten minutes later, but it could have been easily to nil Rotherham. However, he got em in half time. I think he gave them a few home truths didn't they Dabo came after the game saying that the Robbins told them off and in his words and they came out really well second half we got the goal for a brilliant head up with a brilliant cross from Davao great Header by Godin and we could have easily won the game at the end. So we finished the game really strong. But yeah, like I said it bit disappointing first half but second half we came out and got a deserve point. Yeah, as you say I'm the a really great finish by Matty Gordon and he had a really good chance. They need to take all three points Tom. How close was that chance and may God and had towards the end of the game. Yeah, really close. Yeah, pretty much a free header. He really should have should have took that one away to win the game see a little bit little bit disappointing that he didn't he didn't see that one away after his earlier one. They're really useful and big side and I think that you know, we at times we did struggle. We're a little bit lightweight at times in the Midfield, aren't we and Addabbo who is a little bit smaller as you know, a fullback or wingback if you like, but he actually came out from our poll as man of the match. He got voted as the man a match from the sky whose extra followers and we thank you all for joining in on our matchday poles for that. But Davos been absolutely fantastic all season, but was extra special about his performance on this game Tom. Yeah. I thought he's brilliant again, you know, just the goal itself the way his first touch is just magnificent. You know you just Bet Your Life on dubbo to bring it down every time don't you and Walsh puts a lovely ball over to him. He brings it down nicely it sort of flicked up a little bit, but he just whipped it across perfectly for garden and he was doing that all game is defective defended really? Well. He's just been just been solid every week. So yeah, I really really am really impressed by Dabo and he's just going from strength to strength of strength to throne. And I think there's like you say go from strength to strength and the team has I mean when you look back at the fixtures, I think you mentioned to me earlier Tom around the club that have been you know, September I think may have they may have gone to Top for like a period in game nine. I think you mentioned but after that, you know, and we've started to really grow in confidence. If you look at the game, we played against Rotherham, perhaps at the start of the Season there was a lot of areas we looked but we weren't quite ready to play the solar football we're playing now, but now we're playing with so much. Confidence so much with so resilient Andy, what do you think has changed from from the start of the Season 2 now, do you think it's the players have grown into that style of football or do you think they actually now believe that you know, title contenders bit more belief or think previously. We used to give away leads quite easily at times also used to come back really well, which we still do. However, we sit we're seeing out games a lot better not particularly the rather than going because I have to come back from behind again, which is a great trait to have but Generally, we are seeing games out more these days and instead of losing and getting a point where we seem to be at three points that which is great news. And how strong was it from a mental ability. I suppose for the side that they were playing their promotion Rivals to of the topper table clash and the draw meant that they were equal and points but obviously had a game in hand Tom. Yeah. Absolutely. I think you know, these are sort of games that in Seasons gone by you know, we'd have we'd struggled and the pressure of a big game, you know a decent crowd. Inside Saint Andrews, but it didn't seem to faze us too much. You know, we just played our stuff and you know, it was really good to see us get back into the game and get a really really important point from that game. You know, I came away from that thinking, you know, that's that was great and we can move on to the to the next one, you know, exactly an on to the next one. We did move but it felt when people sort of crowd left on the Tuesday night on the run game again every week in week. We growing belief for me growing confidence that actually this scored and this team and more than capable of Of winning this league and we just you know, we displayed that again today. It was a thrilling thrilling game home to Sunderland. Obviously we ran out at the end as one Neil winners great finish Again by Matty Gordon who's now got 13 in the league. What was the stats for the game and it seemed like a very hard for you know performance against, you know, promotion Rivals. What was the stats? Yeah, the stats was similar to each other. We love the problem starts really, but I'll go through them. And we have 48 percent possession. We had 10 shots versus their nine and we had 67 percent pass accuracy compared to their 69 percent. So if you look back at those stats, there's nothing there wasn't really that much between the sides and and we followed that didn't we when our preview of the Pod laughs we said there wasn't going to be that many goals in it. And we said maybe one goal would be enough and thankfully we got it through super muddy Garden. Yeah a great finish and very early on Lovely. Pass through from Allen actually who managed to find God and we spoke about him in many times the way you sort of sits off that shoulder and drops the shoulder and just and again great finish wonderful and he's really flying at the moment. I think if you know 13 and early gets solid when you look at Rivals teams that have you know, Peterborough, of course, probably the exception but he is starting to get up there with some of the top League scorers and if we can keep, you know, keep pushing for with that and I think he could definitely be there. the end of the season a great finish so Tom Yes, wonderful finish. Yeah, I think there's a really good bit of work from I think it was Walsh to Alan and then the sudden and place seems to sort of jump in didn't they two or three of them and I was just sort of slipped it to garden and and that their defense is just parted and actually watching it live at the game which didn't quite pick up on the TV was it looked like he had a lot of time he sort of really set himself and just smashed it into the bottom corner. He looks very confident. You know, he is just a fantastic finish arisen. Yeah, I think it I think the strikers all Strikers. It's a confidence, you know confidence feeling and God and seems to have that as well. He needs needs that goal scorer in to keep him confident and keep him scoring but it was a really really good performance. I thought today from the Sky Blues. I thought that they really dug in at times. Don't get me wrong. There was there was periods of the game where we just had to really sit in and soak up a lot of pressure sundaram just quite a physical side. They do like to put balls into the box, especially when Lafferty Going to think he was a bit of a handful and he looked like he could get a goal. But I really, you know spirited performance by the Sky Blues this afternoon, and I just think that now we've got to have that confidence to push forward. What was you impressed with today? And he was impressed with the start with came out of the blocks really really? Well really put them on the back foot. Jamie Islands ball was superb like Tom said and the superb axman Gordon puts it away. So you'll be happy when your date with that one. So But aren't we all he's an superb form? So it's great news for all the sky blue fans. And then they after the goal. They got a bit of a foothold in the goal game Sunderland. They came back a little bit. They missed a good really good opportunity the bat stick through Flanagan that should have really been one all and then second half it was bit more even being a cat and mouse between both sides and we managed to see the game out. We could leave Danny even gone to need a little bit of Garden at the end that one just whistled past the post. So now, You know that I was really impressed with the performance. It was all about the three points today. Not the way we played and thankfully we got them and we're looking pretty now on my yeah, of course now we are we sitting very pretty at the top of the league. But yeah, there was some really nervy moments. And of course Sunderland had that disallowed goal for the offside. It was a bit of confusion between the ref and the linesman Tom that must have been some anxious moments in the ground obviously myself. I was watching it from my niece's christening in a bar. I probably should have been upstairs where the party was but I was sort of snuck away and watch 90 minutes of football away from the the party but at the ground it must have been really really tense. Yeah, it was tense. It's really nerve-racking. I think what happened, you know, I think he was definitely off sides that wasn't in doubt, but I think the linesman had the sun in his eyes. So I think he couldn't tell if the player had played the ball and I think for some reason nowadays lie nose like to keep their flag down and let the play go on so it became a case. I think he said to the RAF, you know has he touched the ball or not? And if he has then obviously it's offside. So they just had to quickly confer on that. Obviously the referee said yeah, he's touched it and that's its disallowed. So actually a bit of smart officiating I thought there to disallow that goal and then you know the sudden and plays surrounding him and you know go mad at him but I don't know what they're thinking because he's clearly offside me clearly touches it so yeah just definitely ruled out. But yeah, she said very nervy, but it was nice to see the see the Sunland funds kind of Quite in time a little bit after that one. I think when you go one that up, it's such, you know still early on you can't then keep your foot firmly to the floor 90 mile an hour trying to get a second and we did sort of the style that we had was very much. We'll hit them on the counter. It's not usually a start we do cancer really well as a team, but we're usually out if you keep possession and work it from the front to the back and create chances that way but it did seem today that after the early gold Mark Robbins set aside up to Dan cancer Andy. Yeah, he did. Rover room even against launched our position hasn't been that great. It's been similar before obviously those games like you said, we normally past teams don't wait and have a lot more possession of the other teams, but recently the last three games they've been real dig out games and hasn't been about keeping the ball and this and this occasion. Yeah, we did hit them on the counter a little bit more and it's into play on advantage and light towards the end. We could have stuck it with Garden at the end through a great counter from a big solemn Sam McCollum pulled down the field. So yeah, it has changed the last three games regarding possession and we all come in a little bit more of a counter attacking team which is which we can do as well and how important on with the center backs today. Those free at the back were just absolutely solid weren't they? Yeah, they were brilliant again, you know, just getting the head into everything there were so many balls coming in the box and they were just getting out every time there was one I remember towards the end where Rose is just absolutely lumped up right towards their corner, you know, there's this ones you love to see when You know when you turn it to find out that one no lead. So yeah, I know the the three three centre-backs had a brilliant game again today and they're just they're really really helping our cause this season aren't they? Yeah, they look really really slows down. I think you're right. You mentioned about that hunt up field and it's probably what we weren't doing enough at the start of the season when it was, you know, when in doubt hit, you know, Smash It Out is the the sort of managers radicalism it and changing room and that's really started to happen. I think the last couple of games we look a lot more comfortable with neither playing the ball out or you know at times we shielded it out today and sent, you know center backs and wing-backs did that and but yeah, I think there's only one where McAllen perhaps got caught on the second half. But sorry the first off I think but majority of the time, you know, they were sort of shielding that out and they were there pretty good. What what do you think is sort of switch for the size of that. Do you think they've just grown in confidence as a back free? I mean, they're playing week-in week-out, aren't they? Obviously you're going to grow as a As a team throughout the season but they just look a lot more lot more confident a lot more solid and even fancying this afternoon played some absolutely lovely balls out and just look really really confident and no issues at all. Yeah. I think I think it's exactly that. I think it's just growing in confidence, you know playing when you play so many games together as a unit, you know, you are just going to get the hang of it and and some good experience in there, you know make fasting is paid quite a quite a number of games in ligue 1. So yeah, he's experience had in there and obviously higher, you know has been playing for us for a while as well. So yeah, I think they're just a really solid unit. They've got morosi behind them who they trust and they know they can play it back to you and they need to they've got brilliant midfielders right in front of them as well. So yeah, it just works, you know works. Well as a unit at the moment announce, we're on the pitch obviously on Midfield. It seems like Mark Robbins is settled with that starting eleven. Now, I know that we talked about Shipley got a lot of time for Shipley lot of time for Westbrook. They've come up with some really important goals. Throughout the whole season, but it seems that that Kelly Welsh O'Hare and Alan sort of four players in that that Midfield pocket. They seem to be the pick of the bunch now Andy, yeah, it seems to have settled on that as neither for now. It seems to bring in Westbrook and Shipley in for maybe the light or the minor games. It seems that case and that wasn't always the case obviously with Alan being injured previously, you know more Shipley and Westbrook. We're getting more game time, but now Alan's fully up to speed. It seems like he's totally settled on the island and of hair and those attacking role supporting Garden. Yeah, and then ran out as a man of the match winning this afternoon as well 52 percent over 400 votes and 857 of you total joined in with the matchday pole. I know there's a couple of comments on there about McFadden scene and we have to agree actually look fancy was absolutely fantastic. There's there's always an option to comment and we really love the discussion. We love our followers getting Then it's great to see such passion actually in support for fancy because he was phenomenal today and he really not only did he defend so well, but he was so organized the back free. I thought really really well and at times you could see that is experience anyway, but I think he's organization skills today would just absolutely Second To None. They didn't really get a sniff we pegged them up, you know sort of made them cross from deep and we dealt with it when we had to but no one really they didn't really get him behind did they they didn't I Oh, they don't always try that football, but there wasn't any options from to get him behind today Tom. No, there wasn't really it. It felt fairly comfortable for most of the game. They did have one or two decent chances like the one in the first half that the Andrews mentioning. But yeah apart from that didn't feel do feel to threaten Jazz there be no we worked really well as a unit. So no really really pleased. It did have a feel that they might get a goal. We didn't look like they were going to overplay us at all and they were He say limited to Crossing from deep, but it just had that feeling didn't had a bit of nervy, but you're always going to get that against, you know, their equality side in the league. If you look at the every sort of team in there, they're always going to be causing some sort of problems. But I think we dealt with that really. Well we mentioned Allen is the man of the match. He made some real key contributions and his passing and keeping the ball was brilliant today wasn't it Andy? It was it was outstanding today. It was bit more cheap Creator than though head and today if you go through his stats from the game, you know, it was on the pitch for 79 minutes. He had one assist two shots. He's made 29 passes completed but telling me he had four chances that you created and that was are the most of any Sky blues player. So yeah, Jane Ellen achieve greater today. He created the first goal beautifully for Alan therefore. Sorry Matty Garden. He just waited for the Sundin players just to bite in and he just put it through and then Alan obvious and Island. Sorry. Don't put it away beautifully and then obviously out of shot second half which was powered by The Keeper, but he made a couple of other chances for the Sky Blues as well. So he was the chief created today and he was he was outstanding today. I think we've said at last couple of weeks that Macallan had struggled we thought he was a little bit often case. I'd have to pull up both of the wing backs. Actually. I thought they are absolutely superb today and they gave us a lot more width. I felt that they are a lot further up the park then perhaps they had been Obviously James how important with the wing backs for us today Tom. Yeah, they had good games thing the color and put a really good shift in he can be a bit frustrating at times. Sometimes you just wanting to bomb on a little bit more sometimes than the second half. I can't you know, we he's right in front of us while we're sitting and you just like come on bomb on a bit more but but yeah. No you did. Well we defended. Well he put a couple of really good tackles in crucial times and obviously Dabo just you know, as we've come to expect, you know, another another brilliant performance is first She was brilliant. See ya. Yeah, very pleased with the the wing backs today as well. Is there anyone else for you Andy that you thought had a really really good game today? Anyone you'd like to sort of shine a light on look fat Z4 when we put the man in the man of the match post out and form a phone was going to blow up the about never notifications. I've got about him not being selected in the top four, but no, I thought he was outstanding like he's you know, they were very good at set pieces. We said that they were going to be good at that and they were were they've got good delivery through McGuire and they didn't disappoint today and fancying was really really like a magnet to his head today you clear these lines Butte brilliantly Andy, he was a leader and chief today for the Sky Blues and he was a vital part of the win. I think we spoke already about obviously an early goal. It does change a lot of the style of football that you play but how do you feel as a whole Mark Robbins got his tactics, which think they got him spot on Tom. I mean, we sort of had you know, Max today, he didn't come on we made substitutions quite late in the game. But then again it was was a quite tense is never really a ideal moment. Is it for Subs to come on sometimes in such a sort of high pressure environment towards the end of the game. That's when sort of cold legs can sometimes cause issues but you think he got his tactics spot on yeah, I think you did. Yeah. I think it was a good good decision to bring Allen back into the meat of it Midfield. We looked a bit better with that extra extra midfielder there. I didn't see a massive need to change anything. The only problem we've got is that play people at Kelly what did look a bit tired? I thought today and I was actually checking on the way out to a couple of mates and saying that maybe maybe it's time for Kelly to have a week off at some point because I don't you know, we can still go and win a game without him in the team and maybe it would keep him fresh for the remaining 10 games that are really really important. So yeah, that was the only thing today that was a little bit disappointing that Kelly just look I don't know whether it is tiredness or whether you just had an off day, but he Seemed to struggle a little bit, but I don't know. I don't know who we could bring him for him. Really? That's the only problem. Yeah, he is. Mr. Consistent. Kelly doesn't seem to have a terrible game at all. But there was times today just looked a bit tired. He looked a bit slow on the ball. I think he looked like it, you know misplace a few passes. And again, he had an absolute wealth of shots, which obviously went nowhere near to go but you know, yeah, I think it was a bit of an off day for Kelly. Who would you sort of swept him with Andy if you had to in the in a fixture like Tom mentioned And it would be good to give him a rest. But who would you bring in if I answer because yeah, I was agreed with Tommy did look a bit jaded today. Didn't they? I would bring in I bring him Westbrook for him. That's the only one I'll probably bring him in for but personally, I don't know that's not because obviously Westbrook's better than that more going forward roll and so is shippers, but if I had to I put Westbrook, but I don't think Robins will I really do think you would have to play Kelly in these level 11 games to the end of the season because there's not really a midfielder that plays in that role like him while she does but while she's bit more fee goes forward more Kelly specifically sits doesn't he and wins the ball and cuts of does a lot of interceptions and I don't think really Westbrook or Shipley can do that as good as well as good as a Kelly so I think You'll Play the 11 but if I had to put Westbrook there and Tom if you had to bring in someone for Kelly like you said about giving a rest who it would it be for you yeah, I'd probably go with Westbrook as well but as Andy said it is is a bit tricky really we haven't really got a sort of another sort of holding midfielder in the squad really that's ready. So, you know it is hard and in Kelly's played a hell of a lot of games because I think he came back from injury and what October and he seems to played every minute And so, you know in big games as well. So, you know, yeah, but you know 11 games left so you just have to keep going and he can have a nice rest in the summer Carney. Well, I think for what it's worth. I actually think I know shippers is more of an attacking midfielder and we've seen him score and stuff this season, but I actually think that he could play a bit of a defensive role. I think if he sat in there with Walsh and you had I don't know hair with that sort of pressure. I think today one thing I would say is the pressure that we put on Sunderland. We really made we made sure that they couldn't Play I mean they played some football at times I even said, you know, I was watching it and I said to my dad is watching with me I said but actually we've placed him they played some great football at times. I thought they played some neat things and sometimes you know, you have to take your hat off when teams do that. But we did restrict them to quite a long board. They played a lot of long balls over didn't they that just seem to go to no one and we look very comfortable and I think that came from that sort of high press that pressure again, and I think that is what Alan gives us O'Hara obviously works your socks off. And also but Alan does give us that pressure in the mid Park and I think that was really important for us today Andy. It was yeah, Jamie Island was superb with the High Press Carla Carla. Mohair does a similar job as well. And also Matty God and also presses the bat-line really well and that's been that's been vital All Season hasn't it the high press for us and now we did that really well and not and lot of times people like something can't deal with it and they have to go long Bill are offering them on there. In mid week, we did the same to them and they went along a lot of the times as well because if you press them high this division a lot of them can't pass through the Press can they so that was a good tactic by Robbins. Yeah, and I was just looking at the fixtures. Actually, we've got coming up and a potential fixture that we could actually, you know, change the squad around a little bit and give Kelly a rest if that's what he needs. But you look at it and you think I don't know where that's coming from possibly Lincoln, but you wouldn't want to drop it. Against Wickham at home. You probably wouldn't even want to drop him away from home at Quinton Peterborough at homes are really tough fixture. Jingle away potentially Oxford at home. You wouldn't maybe Burton at home. So, you know, you look through the fixtures that we've still got and there's just there's so many massive gains in there that you really think that and he is mr. You know Captain consistent. You just think that it's going to be tough to drop him in those fixtures, but we'll see Mark Robbins is Has done a great job so far this season in his management. I think in his Squad selection, these really brought players in at the right time. You look back at those FA Cup fixtures where he brought obviously be armor in and he went on to school in those fixtures, and I know he didn't think it today but he seems waiting in the wings to get his chance if he needs to but I think Mark Robbins has had his management spots on I think it went in you to do that. But Kelly does look like he could do with a rest and perhaps that would be one of those games maybe Shrewsbury. home or Lincoln away You're listening to Sky Blues extra. We're going to move on to this week's hot topic now and we asked our valued followers who from the current Squad could cut it at Championship level or who may struggle and would need to be upgraded. I'm going to start off with you Tom. We start from the bag. We've got Marco morosi who's been an absolute man-mountain for the sky blue. So far this season. I think he's been really really impressive. There's been some times where he when he's had the ball at his feet. He's perhaps Food, but we look a really solid team of him behind us. Yeah, we do. I don't see ya Maurice. He's been brilliant for me. He can definitely cut it in the league above I think good goalkeepers are hard to come by. So I think we found a real diamond there and I just I think it only get better next season. Maybe he's kicking could slightly improve ourselves chatting to the guy next to me and he was saying that that there's people have been concerned about it sticking even when he was from a young age and Something he's always been trying to work on so maybe a bit of work there but in terms of his shock stopping and his you know, when the Bulls at his feet and playing out from the back. He's been he's been brilliant. So yeah, no no concerns over morosi from me. Anyway and Andy, we've obviously got super back free now in McFadden seen Rose and hiam. Is there anyone there that you'd be concerned about stepping up to that high level? Yeah thuds, I think it would struggle a championship level. I think lead Wally's his Don't get me wrong. He's been outstanding for us, but you can even see some of the mistakes he makes you know, if you're playing at a high level of Championship level, I think they'll become more frequent, especially at his age as well. He's not getting any younger is e so, I wouldn't take that to the championship. The only way I'd keep fancies around the dressing room and maybe you know bit like, where's Morgan plays for Lester a bit like having around the changing room because if I bet he's got around the changing room and only claiming the cup games. That's the only reason way old Kieffer. That's what the other two high Monroe. I was not a problem. I'd keep them a championship levels. They've got a lot of potential and they've got a lot of way to improve as well. And I think if they played a higher level, I think they could step up really well like they did against burning them in the cup. I don't see the left back is going to be exiting at the end of the season. We've got Mason who would be potentially at the moment the only player that could come into that laughter and Slot. It seems like that is definitely a position that we'd have to look at because we'd need some scored depth there anyway, but Tom, what would you think about Mason? Yes, it's a hard woman Mason, isn't it? Because he hasn't played this season, but you know, we haven't really got much to judge him on. I think that's as you said, it's definitely an area. We probably want to strengthen. Nathan we probably need some of these played a lot of games, you know is confident and I'm not sure if Mason is that person, you know, I think we were talking about this a couple of weeks ago won't we potentially could be an understudy to someone again, but yeah, I'm not sure if he'd be ready for sort of. Yeah starting on the left side in the championship. I don't think there's any questions over the his opposite is colleague on the right hand side faculty dubbo and he has just been absolutely superb to see. Annie you can't see that a player of his quality wouldn't be struggling in the championship. No steam train would not struggle in the championship by any means now he's been absolutely brilliant an absolute Revelation for us this season. He's defending his even improved as well. The only thing I if going up to the championship level if you wants to go to, you know, being a top top Championship player, I think the only thing I improve on is getting a few more goals. I know mccallum's got free this season and I think ABO scored this season as they borrow from the two is only against Oxford. So to get them to gain up to the next level. I think he starts needs this chip in to chip in with a few more goals. But apart from that is all around game is outstanding and now he's definitely a championship player and definitely I want him coming with us to be fair. They were great finishes that has had absolutely no chance in saving them, but it's got a couple of midfielders there that are going to obviously be exiting I would imagine that kind of mohair is going to be cool recalled. Villa and not going out even to any other side's I could imagine that if Philly do so come to you know relegation from the Premiership then he would definitely be a key player for them. We've Gotta See got Westbrook Alan Shipley and Kelly. Is there anyone from there Tom that you'd be happy with sticking with or do you think it's going to have to be a complete rotation of those players? I think they'll be the first bit of rotation to be honest. You know, I love Shipley. I love Westbrook, but I'm not quite sure. They're they're ready. Or the championship, you know, they've obviously come a very long way in a short space of time but it is it is tough in the championship it is is the next level up. So I think we are going to make some some pretty big signings in the Midfield to fill those gaps for sure. Of course. This is all hypothetical. I mean, there's none of us. There's no chance of us getting carried away me mute homages talking off air before we came on and we were saying if we you know, we sort of sneaked up and behind and it's not like us to be in this position. We don't really understand. It's a little bit weird and we're not really Sure, what's going on? But of course, you're all enjoying the ride, but it's great to pose these questions because it does mean that in the summer, you know, the club have got a come out early with with their plan really their strategy plan of what's going to happen. There's going to be some money that's needed and to be spent we look at this sort of Strikers and we've got Mattie Gordon, obviously we purchased and that was Mark Robbins that brought him in. Do you think that that's a player that Mark Robbins brought in for us to get promotion or do you think that as a player that Mark Robbins for know? No, once we get promotion to the championship Garden would be able to slip in there. Nicely Andy. Yeah, I think he's a one for the future is a good age. Isn't he and also with God and he's a goal scorer, isn't he? So whenever he gets a chance to lead one level or Championship level 9 times out of 10 is going to school. So I think if we're giving the mission for our goals in the championship, he'll be able to score no problem. So, yeah, I'll definitely keep garden and sky blue ball from Twitter. Thank you for your There he said that morosi Rose High and Dabo Allen Westbrook in Gaudin would all be first teamers for the sky. Whose should they be playing the championship next season? He also thinks that Mason Kelly Shipley and being who would be a good players for Squad rotation in Gardner also said based on the 210 minutes. We played against Birmingham in the cup. We were not far off. The defense was solid you'd have to swap Mason from McAllen because he's exiting need to replace the to Loni's carefully. Another Striker only Matty and Max likely to cut it taking that to Max Peru Tom. What would you would you say that Max would be able to step up. I mean, he came from non-league football. Of course, we know he's an absolute quality finisher of the ball acrobatic with it as well. But do you think he's someone that would be able to step up to the championship or I think it would be a big big step up for Max. Yeah. I actually love the guy to bits. But you know, as you said he has come from non-league. He had what? Seasonally to where he didn't score a huge amount of goals scored what a handful of world. He's important goals and then you'll see got injured last season. So he had the most of last season out which was disappointing and then he's come back in this season, but not really made many starts. But as you said, he's had a few really good performances Off the Bench scored some important goals. I think my gut feeling is the championship might just be a little bit too too high level for Max definitely as a starter. Starting Striker. He might be able to do something off the bench or you know, there's Cup games and things like that, but we probably are going to have to go out and look at a striker if we do get promoted and that's a big question then because what you go for, you know, do you go for someone like James Collins who's a you know, someone a team that are going to come back down and that, you know play wants to stay in the championship. Do you go out and get a big Marquee signing? I think it's really hard to sign a championship Striker. So yeah, we you know players like God Definitely enough to push on to that next level Tom makes a really good point there and it is going to be quite tough. Do you know do you go with the tried and trusted sort of Championship? But not Robbins doesn't seem to want to do that style. He's got a few older heads obviously in here, but he's instilled a real football inside and if you took that sort of football into the championship you'd have to think that we'd be able to hold our own against some of the you know, some of the bigger teams in there. What would you your sort of what was your transfer management sort of look like if we If we were to get to the championship and we need to make those changes would that be tried and tested or do you think it would be trying to take a bit of a risk on some younger players? It's similar to this summer really obviously getting some experience heads like you did with fads God Jamie Allen in they've got, you know, a lot of games under their belts at League one level up looked obviously get a few players who have got games under their belt championship-level who's got beer experience, but which are good characters who want to win? Because I think character in the dressing room is very important and I think the character in the atmosphere we got in this season's dressing room is took us a long way hasn't it? And then obviously I'll be looking at a few fries see what we can do young getting into few young Lads in you know, the free transfers we got this season, you know, you know Rose morosi Etc been absolutely a revelation and then maybe if we got a bit of cash from Joy may be spending on a on a Center midfielder Fred. Oh, yeah, or yeah or or set a forward base. Oh, yeah. I've certainly go down the same policy of what we've done this season. I think it works really well for them up for the model of our club and yeah, I can see it being successful that says I don't think will be challenging the playoffs next season if we go up but I certainly think we can cement ourselves in the championship. No problem at all. Yeah, of course. There's still a long way to go. Like we said, I think it's 11 is it cut finals left? And You can't win all of them to make sure we cement promotion. It would be really tough on the Sky Blues. Now if we're in such a good strong position to actually slip back into that playoff spot because they are a lottery and I think I just don't think any of our nerves could take that. If I'm honest, you know, that's hope that we can continue to promoted and then next year. It would be really interesting to see how Mark Robbins is transfer strategy going into that that Championship should we get there? It would be great to hear from our followers. That's not too late. Even though we've recorded the Pod the this evening. It's not too late to join in the conversation around Mark Robbins and his transfer strategy next season just use the hashtag Sky Blues extra pod cars and we'll try and include as many as we can next week and in future episodes, it's also worth noting to our followers that listening. There is a competition at the moment that winner of retro Coventry City hat. You may have seen it on our Twitter feed. It's courtesy of football bubbles. They looks really brilliant. We got one of those to give away do join in. All you need to do is retweet the post on And you can join a new competition and you'll be in a chance of winning. You're listening to Sky Blues extra. It's time to look forward now to this weekend's fixture another massive Clash. They seem to come every single week. It just seems like a Relentless League one fixture list that we just keep you know keeps coming and coming and coming and we got to keep those performances going. The Sky Blues have already played it switch this season at home, of course, but we've also play them in the cup game. So it seems like all of those fixtures. Sirs of kind of blurred into one but the game ended in a 1-1 draw, let's have a listen back to that. Now the weekend's match against Ipswich. That's what the Applause is it the corner and the cross comes in from a nap. It is Coventry City one in trenchtown one. That was a good drawer. That's wasn't it? I think you know, it's a very tough fixture we seem to be playing around that time every single week. But one all against its which I think when you look back at the end of the season that will be a good result, especially when the way that we are playing at that time important Point wasn't it Tom? Yeah. It wasn't important point that I think they around the top of the table at the time. So it was a big game. They took the lead obviously and then we've come back with with a br. Move equalizer. And then yeah, we think we played them then again in the cup didn't we twice and I think the stand-up performance actually of those three games was there. Away game in the cup when we beat them to on a way which we were saying, you know far more like a sort of two or three nil really from the way we play think it's one of our best performances of the season. So, you know, I'd love to see us go there on Saturday and put in a similar performance and if we do a can't see any reason why we were Come Away with three points and birthday win tie my feet you would be celebrating your birthday at which games you're hoping for free points. It won't dampen your spirits. Exactly. We can go out for a few beers after and you know with the points in the back, that would be Be lovely for my birthday. It's been a lot of history between the teams. They actually played each other a whopping seventy nine times in the league with commentary winning just 20 of those fixtures drawers have been 23 in Ipswich have taken 36 of the games are biggest wind was five near with 1966 season, but Andy, how's this one going to go? Yeah the for the form is terrible. It's not really good at all. David have lost in the last five games have lost 3-1 only one was a decent result. Actually against Burton. I think they hammered them for one but Drew one Andrew one. So last game obviously on Saturday. They lost a black pull to one which is not a great result because blackballed have been awful this season towards but especially recent times their ninth in the league at the moment and like Tom said when we played them in the FA Cup, and when we played them in the league, they were near top weren't they so they have slid down the table, which is not obviously Portman Road and it's which town or a big Club. They've got relegated from the Finish it last season and they'll be looking to come up. So it'd be a few alarm bells ringing around Portman Road at the minute with this slide and the other 17th. Worst home record in the league, which is a pulling for a big club like that the played 15 at home scored 23, which isn't too bad and let in 16 mentioned about that last timeout fixture a loss against Blackpool. I think like you said, they've won just one game in seven. Features the 4-1 win. They took against Burton James Norwood scored 11 in 32 for them, but they're ever strike her Kayden Jackson's or scored 11. So he also scored 11 and he was sent off in their defeat against Oxford and therefore will miss the visit of the Sky Blues that's going to be quite important for us as and it's on. Yeah. Absolutely. I think they they're struggling a bit with their squad at the moment. They've got a couple of key players out. So yeah, I mean it looks you know, it's like a tough game, but I don't see any reason why we can't Go that full of confidence and get a win. We've had some really tough games recently and we've got through them fine. So, you know, I'm looking at them and their form and you know, it really is a game we should be should be going out to win. I think you know, and it's important I think to go with a confidence here. We're top of the league we need to be doing that but it's never an easy place to go Portland Road, and we've been at there's been a lot of different formations for Robins. Like we said, he does seem to have fixed on that for in the middle of the park now is back for so we back free. And is to wingback seem to be very settled and you can't see me Rosie going anywhere. What would your squad lineup be for this game? Andy Cohen change it from what would it was today or go with morosi and goal the steam train Dabo McCallum chayim fads and Rose and then I've go with Kelly and Walsh and those pivots even though Kelly looks a bit tired. I still play him because it's Which towns a bit game isn't it tough away fixture and then I'll play Oak Island who was outstanding today? And color hair and then obviously, I'll play supermario Garden up top not be all know this time fair enough and Tom. Would you change it from Andy selection or would you keep it pretty much the same? I'll go exactly the same as Sunday. I don't think you should change a winning team. They're doing well. So yeah, you know just keep it the same. I think the players are still chomping at the bit as well. There's a lot, you know, Shipley still see him come out on Twitter. He's, you know, massive topper League you can see it doesn't seem to be any friction around, you know players that perhaps were playing. And at the start of the season and now and not getting as many minutes, I think I'd have to agree with you the squad lineups got to be exactly the same as today. I think Alan gave us again that real bite in the middle of a park that pressure and I think we're going to need that away from home to get into the sort of Ipswich faces early. What was your score predictions be for this fixtures Lads. What would you be going for Roundy thing? This is going to be a little bit harder than we think I do think it's going to be a draw 1-1 Tom. I'll go for a 2-1 win and I'll go With Gordon and Alan to get the goals fair enough. I actually again I'm not too sure. I feel like don't want to say it but feel like this could be a loss. It feels like when those fixtures we could slip up it would just be so cold. When that to go top of the League Gaming hand everything looking Rosy and then go to Portland Road which is itself fixture and go and lose so I don't really want to say we're going to lose so it's going to be tight and I'd hope that we could go for a one-nil win. And hopefully be that would be enough for us to get all three points. I think it would probably be many Garden or cower here. That would probably be on the scoresheet, but I'm not entirely sure. I think it's going to be a really really tough fixture. But you know, what what a season so far chaps, it's just been incredible, isn't it Tama but, you know sum up this season so far for you as a coventry fan that's you know, going back last five seasons. For example, it's not bar the Wimberly bar the obviously League two and the promotion Than that there's not been a lot to shout about and it feels a lot different this season. Yeah, really has it's been a crazy season. I was trying to Nick on the train home today and we were I was just trying to work out or saying to him. You know, what will we actually aiming for this season? Because I can't remember in the summer what we were talking about was it I will try and get the playoffs or did we even think Autos was a possibility. I just couldn't remember what we're aiming for and I think I think thinking back it probably was or playoffs. It was well, you know, he finished eighth first season back. Unique one, you know can we push for that sixth spot maybe, you know fifth fourth whatever and that would be a great season and I think you know got sort of halfway through the season and we were looking thinking more. We're only a few points off the autos and it's quite a tight league with a couple of games in hand. And then we just got on this fantastic run since Christmas whatever it is it what time wins in 13 or something just winning every week which is put us right into the mix and now it's like Autos is is what we have to get. Now is really in our hands and I think we'd be disappointed with playoffs and actually now it's almost gone to the point of well, let's win the league like that's our next kind of Target. The next thing we're aiming for is actually to go and win the league which you know, I didn't think I'd be saying at all at the start of the season so yeah, it's been it's been an amazing season. It's been a pleasure to watch watch the city and I just really hope we can see out the job now. I think we can think of a way from the ground today. I just had a lot of belief, you know just felt like this. This is our year. So yeah, it'd be great and be great if we could, you know, the icing on the cake would be that title wouldn't yeah, exactly and I think off the pitch. It's not something I'm going to get bogged down in now because we're you know towards the end of the show and we could be here all evening, but I think it really needed this, you know, and I think once if this does happen and we do go up through Autos, it'd be great to win the league the fans need to come together again. It's been very tough season off the pitch. I think for everyone involved in conscience. Triple Club, it hasn't really spilt onto the pitch and that's good to see it hasn't put the lads off. They've played some incredible football. I think that's the other thing that we always speak about and Tom we talked about this a lot. We watched it. We watch away teams and we just think how could you watch that every week? It seems like such snobbery actually from us, but I wouldn't settle for anything else and that passed in football. What do you think Andy? Yeah, I've been yeah, I was so impressed with this season. I was like with Tom you're the star. The season I think the best we were looking at was was playoffs if we were being realistic, but now we're looking we're looking for that title, aren't we and I think we can do it and fair play to Robin's of the ways turn. We obviously spoke about robins last week about is he the greatest manager of Coventry of all time, but, you know, he's getting there now and the way he's built a team this season and from his recruitment staff, you know little changes at the training ground is just improving morale Day by A lien and the football we play as while he's just so so nice to watch isn't as the best football. I've seen since old Premier League days. So, you know, it's all positive commentary City. We just obviously going back to off the pier of the field problems. We need to sort obviously if we go back up as Champions or we go back for second into the championship. We do need to get back to Coventry because you know, imagine playing The Villa at the Ricoh Arena next season the pretty tasty one it lads. Yeah, that's a fair point. Isn't it? You'd hate to be playing villawood you at birmingham's in Andrews that that really does sound when you said that I haven't really thought about it. But you know, it's been it's been absolutely from a personal point of view. It's been it's been a necessity. I think we've played some good football at Saint Andrews. I don't think it's it's not ideal. No one wants to see their team play away from their city. But yeah, I think we've mentioned about it on the Pod before about we really want to see this guy who's back in their own City and playing football in the Rico. But it would really be really tough to watch commentary vs. Aston Villa. Should that be a fixture at Saint Andrews Tom? Yeah. Absolutely. It's got we've got to get back to the RICO and I think we will you know from some of the Whispers. I've been hearing it sounds like we will be back and I hope that's the case. I just hope the club kind of deal with it in the right way. So obviously the earlier they can announce it the better, you know, there's obviously a lot of hype at the moment, you know, you saw the crowd on Tuesday for the Rotherham game something like 2,000 on The gate which is she's a lot for a Tuesday night to pay on the gate. So, you know to build on that hike that there is around the club and the positivity, you know, we were chatting earlier on the WhatsApp group around kind of you know offers for the fans and I was saying something around, you know, could they do a you know, everyone who's bought season tickets to go back to the RICO bring a mate for a fiver on the opening day and you know, just just get as much hype as many people in the ground as we can because people will buy season tickets and people will come back but it's really important. They deal with art and the pricing and everything like that. Just just you know, really give something back to the fans who you know, follow the club obviously in Birmingham potential season ticket sales is huge for transfer management, you know the funds it's going to be available made to Mark Robbins again. I have to keep saying it should we progress into the championship because we don't want to get carried away, but that's going to be really important and I think like you say announcing that that return to the RICO if that's what's going to happen just it Needs to be it needs to be upfront and Clarity doesn't it because we really do need that straight away. So that season ticket sales can can go and it would be great to see the RICO absolutely rocking back on. You know, that first game of the season perhaps at the Ricoh. That's that's what I think that's what we all want. And that's what we all need. But again, like we say fantastic so far I think like if I was at the start of the Season playoffs, maybe you think that would be something that would be aiming for but it was never sort of ashore. thing automatics I think was probably never really in on the landscape so it's been a phenomenal season so far it would be great to go up and it what what did you think the start the season where would you be in been aiming for like I said earlier I think I would have been aiming for the playoffs definitely I didn't think would be in this position no way I thought we'd be playoffs minimum push really like a certain recruitments been brilliant and let's get back to the Rico oh is Champions and then we can get like Robin said in his interview a couple of weeks ago he wants to get back to the RICO and he was saying that you wants to get big on season tickets so I believe what Tom says as well I think we'll get back to the RICO for some reason I do think we're going to go back there and I think Robins has had meetings with the hierarchy the club and I think I've been maybe has been promised to get back to the RICO and that's why he was talking about season tickets to Cigar. Yeah, it does seem to suggest that the off the pitch Whispers that we're kind of hearing now coming out in the club and the comments made by Mark Robbins. It does seem that it's almost like a bit of an ultimatum that that's going to happen. I think there's been some Whispers that potentially it's been looked at all ready for this season. So with this hope that that's going to that's going to get resolved. I'm sure it will the club's being fantastic but we've still got some massive games left. Haven't we and you know, You look through the fiction list. Is there anything there that you think could be a potential? Banana skin for us Tom? Yeah that there's some tough games. It's hard to kind of put it what its gonna be. Like because one way of looking at it is you got a lot of these sort of mid-table teams. You know, I'm talking about people like chilling and Blackpool but and who they're relatively safe. They're not going to go down. You know, I think the relegation zone is pretty done and dusted I wasn't it. There's probably only one place left and trimer a bit of drift now and A bit of a gap to the playoff. So is it a case of these teams are going to roll over and we can go and go out and beat them and maybe start picking off some teams quite comfortably like to see that or is it that that phase of the Season where you know players are a bit more relaxed and there's not as much pressure on them and they just come out and play a lot better so hard to tell really but yeah, I think you know those some of those games are gonna be tricky, you know, look at ones like chilling and that Cretin away. They're not easy places to go to that. They're tough games. But I think we've got enough in the locker. I was just doing a bit of working out earlier. I think I think we need another seven wins to do it, which I think we can get 7 out of 11 with maybe a two or three drawers in there. I think I think that'll be enough, you know, sort of 87 point mark I think would be would be comfortable for automatics. Yeah, and a lot of the other teams have all got to play each other don't give a wrong. We've still got some tough fixtures going but they we actually seemed quite fortunate the way that they're going to roll out you look at this weekend. We've It's which then we've got Shrewsbury Lincoln then it's on to Wickham. You'd have to say a Clinton's a bit of an easier fiction and it could be a chance to have some scored rotation. Then we play Peterborough at home and joining them away then so again the jewels fixture although they've been a bit better lately. I think they've improved somewhat that would be a fix you think you could actually rest some players. Then you go on to Oxford again. That's going to be a tough fixture. I'd imagine and we closed the season with with Burton at Home and when we ran away, which that's going to be an absolute Scramble for tickets isn't Andy. Yeah Wimbledon the way will be dyed. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, so crass tiny, isn't it? So, yeah, I think it's simple mr. Buteo picture wasn't it? And then yeah. Yeah, I think it was finger might even see a few people on the roof that day feel if we've won the title or if we've got to get some points there. Yeah. It's going to be absolutely rammed down and Wimbledon that day. So yeah, let's hope we maybe have got it tied up before that but going At some point there's a lot harder fixtures to come but I think we can get the seven wins out those pictures, you know, if we got a few tough games with those tough games or at home. So in our home record has been good as a net so fingers crossed we can get the job done at home and then pick a few vital with victories away from home as well. That's do you think it's a shame that we're playing Wimbledon away on the last day because like you say is I think about 700 that don't you and if we were to go up would it feel a bit flat that you know, they say for you there. Or Would we not care? I think I just like to see as many people in London as possible. Come down. I treat it almost like Wembley. I think it'd just be it's going to be unfortunate that people aren't going to be able to go to the game, but I don't know it just feels like what else would you do? I think it for me aren't I hope West Midlands police are listening, but I'd go down if I didn't have a ticket hundred percent. Yeah, I think Dave's right there. I think the Sky Blues in is done got a ticket. They'll just wait themselves down there one day. I think you know in another good night in London afterwards when they it is so salty that yeah and they'll still have things like the bus open top bus tour back in Coventry and all that but anyway we're getting carried away so yeah yes stop stop it yeah it was switched in Shrewsbury let's go back get back to reality but no it is it's really hard not to get carried away I think and yeah it's going to be magnificent roller coaster Journey to the end of the season let's hope we can keep hold of those automatic positions it would be absolutely fantastic tastic to go up as champions of course but the last thing I think we'd want now in the position that we've got what does it with Five Points clear of third is it yeah yeah Five Points Care of third yeah and we've got two games in hand on majority of the teams in the playoffs I think we've everyone else that's just the one I think it's only Fleetwood isn't it that I think have got you know a fair number of games in hand as well similar to ourselves certain point both the days between us and the playoffs Some of the playoffs 7th. So yeah decent points. Margin. That is it does look really really promising doesn't it? But yet you're only a couple of losses away aren't you from getting pulled back into it and then a nervy finish and you know, some of those teams that are finishing fast think Fleet would have put in some decent performances lately, you know, you don't want to be hitting hitting those teams that are hitting form in the playoffs. That could be a really really nervy you no end to the season. So let's hope the Sky Blues can continue and as usual we say to our followers on Twitter Instagram and Facebook make sure that you subscribe to the podcast so that you get to listen to that first and join us for all of the Mac reaction. And we also have comments from the manager and join in with the competitions as well. That's pretty much the end of the show this evening and it's just good night for me and good night from Andy and Tom. I don't like thanks for listening to the Sky Blues extra podcast.