There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to Tennessee. Where on April 5th 1983. He met a man named John Dale, Dodson. John was a logger and the pair met on a trout farm where Edmund introduced himself as a mercenary named Jesse Lee Harden at some point Edmund convinced his new friend that he would be able to sell as much as a hundred pounds of marijuana for around $25,000 as early as April 21st, unable to turn down money like that John agreed and scheduled a meeting in a wooded hunting ground in Robertson County on April 23rd 1983. Just Leaving his home on the 23rd John told his wife to call a friend if he failed to return that night. He clearly knew something was amiss but continued the plan anyway, on the way to the Rendezvous point he met with a friend named James Porter at Porter's Tavern the two men left together to meet with Edmund zagorski around 5:30 p.m. The owner of the Trout Farm heard gunshots coming from the area. He knew the three men had gone to meet however gunshots in this rule, huh? Hunting town were commonplace and the police were not called. A few days later Edmund arrived at a friend's house in Ohio the friend quickly noticed that Edmund not only had a number of new possessions including Porter's red dots and truck but also had a large sum of money about two weeks later on May 6th the bodies of James Porter and John Dodson were found at the meeting location their bodies are ready decomposing due to the heat wave. We're both shot and had their throats slit Edwin's of course. Ski was with witness statements and ballistics connected to the crime and arrested on May 26th 1983, but not before a shootout with Ohio police in which a number of officers were shot. Edmund zagorski confessed to his crimes on July 17th nearly two months after his arrest on one condition the he could dictate the terms and date of his execution. His trial was held during which there were no defense Witnesses and no evidence presented by the defense. He was convicted on March 2nd, 1984 and on the 27th, he was sentenced to death. He sat in prison for over 30 years waiting for his execution. In 2018, he made the request to use the state's electric chair as a means for execution. The thing was the electric chair had not been used in Tennessee since 2007. So the Tennessee Department of Corrections initially refused his request stating that he waited too long to make his request known then a few days later. His execution was stayed on the grounds of ineffective counsel. This didn't last long and his execution date was reset. November 1st 2018. He was executed that day at the Riverbend maximum security institution in Nashville, Tennessee when he was 63 years old he gave no apology or reason for the murders leading families with little to no closure when pronounced dead Edmund zagorski became the first inmate legally electrocuted in nearly six years and only the second in Tennessee to be executed since they resumed in August of 2018. In his final words, let's rock. Thank you for joining me in my morning cup of murder, please Jamie again tomorrow to your what terrible thing happened on March 3rd. Don't forget to rate and subscribe and let me know how you like it. If you want to help support the podcast there's always patreon or just sharing it with your true crime obsessed friends and remember stay safe. Guys, I want to talk to you today about Spotify because not only can you listen to all your favorite artists, but you can also listen to all your favorite podcast in one place for free Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including morning cup of murder and on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download the episodes and listen offline wherever you are, so it's perfect for travel. And you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. So you guys can chat about your similar interests and what you like if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for morning cup of murder on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Morning cup of murder. Thank you for listening to morning cup of murder. This is a daily podcast that tells you what happened on this day in True Crime history. In short easy to listen to episodes that you can finish on your commute or while you enjoy your morning coffee. So make sure you check back every morning. My name is Karina. I am the Creator and host you can find morning cup of murder on Twitter Instagram and Facebook. I have also set up a patreon where you can donate a small monthly contribution to the podcast. All those links are in the episode description. Thank you again and have a wonderful day.