There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to It's suicide when they arrived this man, Ferry and Waldrop confessed to Tina's unsolved murder according to him. She reminded him of his ex-wife and that caused him to lose control and kill the young girl. Now this seemed like incredible luck. The investigation was solved before it really truly began and Tina's murder was going to get the closure. It deserved yet faryon was sentenced to 35 years in prison and was paroled in in 97 despite his heinous crime Varian seem to try and get his life under control post prison. He moved to Olney Texas got married became an active member of a local church got a good job and became well known in the community as a good guy with a good reputation. However, while Ferry on was trying to prove that he'd been reformed in 1999 a Wichita Falls detective named John little began a cold-case investigation until the Of murders of Terry Sims Tony gives an Ellen Blau prior work on these cases successfully connected the DNA recovered on Terry Sims and Toni Gibbs. Meaning both women were killed by the same perpetrator now detective Littles investigation showed a previously unknown link between Ellen Blau and a former prisoner Ferry and Waldrop apparently during the trial for the murder of Tina Kim Brew Ferry and admitted to knowing Ellen Blau. At the time this wasn't something looked into more thoroughly. But now John little wanted more answers Ellen Blau lived one block away from Terry Sims and Toni Gibbs worked as a nurse at the hospital where Ferry on had been employed as an orderly with one tiny thread pull John little had begun to unravel a mystery that connected farion wardrip to four other murders. He never stood trial for But they needed one last thing DNA to connect it all so detective little used a clever trick to get what he needed while on break from his Factory job detective little approached faryon and asked him for his paper cup so he could spend his tobacco in it fairy on obliged and his DNA was tested. It was matched to the DNA in the Terry Sims and Toni Gibbs case and Ferry on wardrip was arrested once in custody. He confessed. To the three murders police were sure he committed as well as that of Deborah Taylor Terry Sims worked at a Wichita Falls hospital when she and a co-worker left around 11 p.m. On December 20th 1984. She rode with her co-worker to a mutual friend's home to exchange Christmas gifts and planned on spending the night at her apartment, but Terry's co-worker got called back into the hospital and left Terri alone in the residence around 12:20 a.m. On the 21st when she returned from work at 7:30 a.m. Terry was on the bedroom floor in a pool of blood. She had been sexually assaulted and stabbed to death by who we now know was Ferry and wardrip Toni Gibbs. III was the next to fall prey to this man on January 19th 1985 Tony offered faryon a ride home from work once inside. He began beating and screaming at her forcing her to drive down an isolated dirt road to a field two days later. Her car was found just a few miles from the hospital and on February 15th. Utility workers found her naked body in a field a mile south of the Wichita County Line. She had been sexually we assaulted and suffered from eight stab wounds four days after her body was found fairy on quit his job at the hospital two months later fairy and traveled to Fort Worth to look for a job what he found was 25 year-old Deborah Taylor who was murdered on March 24th 1985 after separating from her husband at a local bar and finally on September 20th, 1985 faryon wardrip abducted and killed 21 year old. Ellen Blau in Wichita Falls, he forced her to drive to a secluded area where he strangled the young woman to death and left her body to be discovered on October 10th due to her Advanced state of decomposition evidence and identification were difficult to obtain. But all of these years later police were finally getting their answers Ferry on wardrip was sentenced to death for the murder of Terry Sims as well as three additional life terms for the other murders. Yes, however in 2008 it was determined that he was given an effective defense and in 2011. His sentence was reversed in order to have a new trial in December of 2014 the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals dismissed his appeal. And as of 2019 fairy on wardrip remains on death row, the murderer turned productive member of society will likely never see life outside of prison ever again. Thank you for joining me in my morning cup of murder. Please. Join me again tomorrow to it terrible thing happened on March 7th. Don't forget to rate and subscribe and let me know how you like it. If you want to help support the podcast there's always patreon or just sharing it with your true crime obsessed friends and remember stay safe. Guys, I want to talk to you today about Spotify because not only can you listen to all your favorite artists, but you can also listen to all your favorite podcasts in one place for free Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including morning cup of murder and on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download the episodes and listen offline wherever you are, so it's perfect for travel and you can easily share what you're listening to. With your friends on Instagram. So you guys can chat about your similar interests and what you like if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for morning cup of murder on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Morning cup of murder. Thank you for listening to morning cup of murder. This is a daily podcast that tells you what happened on this day in True Crime history in short easy to listen to it. Episodes that you can finish on your commute or while you enjoy your morning coffee. So make sure you check back every morning. My name is Karina. I am the Creator and host you can find morning cup of murder on Twitter Instagram and Facebook. I have also set up a patreon where you can donate a small monthly contribution to the podcast. All those links are in the episode description. Thank you again and have a wonderful day.