Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These areIncredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about whose stock is up and whose stock is down as the scores resident draft analyst Dan Wilkins my cows and rainy Wilkie's on Twitter @ underscore Dan Wilkins. Zhao sandrini at a football Mike and yes, I will be calling them by their last names on the show today because that's how I always refer to them. Just like everyone around the office calls me bun before we get to that though a reminder subscribe to the podcast on whatever podcast platform you're using and while we're at it go check out some of the other awesome shows on the score podcast Network like sweeper keeper like the score MMA podcast with James Lynch or any of the other great shows we got on there. All right guys, let's dive into What we learned from the combine and I'll start by saying you could check out my top 50 Dynasty rookie rankings. Those went out on Sunday night Wilkins now sandrini have the combine winners and losers that's going up today. They're also going to have an updated mock that's going to be out in the coming days. So even though it's the offseason here very very busy time for us, but we're trying to help, you know, everything you need to about these prospects. So let's start with some of the running backs who helped their stock at the combine and I guess that conversation has to start With Jonathan Taylor, right? I think coming into the combine. Most people had him as a top three back in this class. I would say for sure maybe even top to then he comes out crushes the combine including running the fastest time any running back in this group and he does it at 226 pounds Wilkie. What did you see from Taylor that got you so excited. Yeah. I mean like you said going into this. We have the ultra productive Jonathan Taylor 6000 plus yards 55 total touchdowns in the Big Ten we were putting them as what like you said, maybe one of four possible guys who had a case for the number one back in this class. And then after the combine it kind of feels like he wrapped that up and it's there's no one else that really could be coming off the board before him. I mean exactly like you said it four three nine at 226 is pretty ridiculous and just his overall athletic profile kind of eliminated any questions you could have on that front. He's got the tape. He's got the athleticism. Mmm to me he's a slam dunk first-round pick and I can't see anyone coming off the board before he doesn't position. Yeah, like you said did well in the three cone drill did well in the short shuttle so proved he can be agile not just straight line fast. Right? And I think I still need to see a little more from him as receiver as a pass catcher. That's why I have DeAndre Swift one spot ahead of him in my rookie rankings, but it got a little tighter after this performance from Taylor. And like I said, it's not moving him up much because he Already number two on my board going into the combine, but it tighten things up a little bit and I wouldn't fault anybody for having Taylor's the number one back in this class. We also had some other guy shine at running back here cam Akers who's a prospect that I'm not totally sold on yet, but little by little he keeps winning me over. Maybe I'm looking at it wrong though, because I don't know if he was hurt by a bad offensive line in college. So maybe he's Gonna Shine if the blocking gets a little better in the NFL either way. He showed very well for For seven time in the 40 he rounds out my top five at the position who else had a good combine here. I AJ Dillon displayed a bunch of lower body explosiveness. Led the broad jump led the vertical and did it as a 247 pounder anybody else. You guys want to mention? I think one guy that I mean has to be talked about overall. Forget even the combine is Clyde Edwardson layer Edwards layer is my personal top running back in this entire class. He just does things that no one else Can do I think part of what made him stand out was a combination of the lower body explosiveness that you mentioned with Dylan had a very good some very good jumps his 40 time was only for six flat, but that's not the kind of Runner that Clyde is he's not Jonathan Taylor. He doesn't have that long speed but he is explosive and he does move laterally better than anyone in this class for me and I think his effortlessness and smoothness as a receiver and soft hands that were In the drills really made him a winner for me, you know, you're getting with Clyde. He only had one season of production, which is probably the biggest knock on him other than the long speed. But I think he quieted some other concerns at the combine. I love that you're saying that too because I really like him as well. I have a my top 5 and it seemed to me like people were down on him because he ran a 4 6 and I thought that was crazy because that's exactly one of those cases where you shouldn't overreact to it. There's and I I talked about this a little bit last week. We did the preview for the combine. There's a variety of thresholds that players have to meet at specific positions. If they don't want things to get a little problematic when you're looking at projecting them as a pro and four running backs people say that's around that 4.6 Mark in the 40, but guys last year like David Montgomery and Devin Singletary. I'm pretty sure those guys ran in that range and people overreacted a little bit to it. Right? They thought it was a really bad thing and then they come out and they're doing just fine in the So if we're going to react of Jonathan Taylor John Taylor had a great combine, but I don't know some people had speed concerns about Jonathan Taylor. I don't know why they would but he's showed what he showed at. The combine is what he's shown on tape. He's blazing fast. He's incredibly explosive he has burst and he has long speed but if we're going to react about Jonathan Taylor, I mean we have to do the same with client that like, this is both who they are Clyde is a for six player and Jonathan Taylor is a 4 3 9 player. There are some things that Taylor does better. And there's some things that Edwards Hilaire does better so we shouldn't really go too crazy on on either end of the spectrum. I don't think for sure what the fallers at running back before we move on here. I don't know if I could think of a lot of them. I mean Zack Moss. I guess he had a bit of a disappointing showing but then it came out after the fact that he was battling a hamstring injury. So so maybe we'll see better numbers from him at his pro day any thoughts on Moss guys or anybody else you want to add as a potential fall or at running back. I think maybe Moss which is the first guy that stands out obviously. You said we're going to have to see some pro day because on tape, he's one of the top backs in this class. He's very Elusive and he's very dangerous in the open field. I think a couple of guys that didn't impress too much that I liked were some maybe later around sleepers like jet Anderson or LaMichael perine from from Florida. Both ran a little slow didn't do too well in the jumps and some of the three cone drills a few of the couple the Maryland guys Javan leak and Anthony McFarland didn't do quite as well as I expected but There wasn't really a standout Faller like a high-profile Faller among the running backs outside of moss. I don't think yeah, Mike Mike said I I think it was mostly a lot of what we expected from this group athletically know and like I like I said, I do think Taylor solidified himself as rb1, but from everyone else there just wasn't a whole lot to take away at least negatively from these guys. But before we move on from the risers and followers, I think we might also want to Go back to who made a name for themselves among this group. Well, you know what? I guess it's not even really this group because Antonio Gibson ended up working out at receiver. He was a guy that did a whole lot of everything at Memphis and but his profile kind of Screams running back at 6 foot 2 28 and after running for three nine at 226 similar to tailor their he's got a history of playing running back back in high school he had 14 touchdowns on 77 career Touches at Memphis which is ridiculous has some return upside. This guy just makes things happen with the ball in his hands. I think he's got it he would have to land in the right spot, but you got to think you know, if he lands in a high upside running game, you know, for example somewhere like San Francisco or somewhere that really makes the most of their running back talent that maybe God's a typically aren't seen as your classic running backs. I think he could be a Mid to late round sleeper that has a huge upside of this class. Well, we didn't even have him in the show notes that we had sent earlier, but he's a perfect segue because now I do want to talk about wide receivers and for Fantasy purposes. I mean running backs receivers. Those are by far the two most important positions that you should be paying attention to it. The combine this receiver class is incredibly exciting all by itself for me starts with the top two CD lamb Jerry Judy. I have them in that order. They didn't do anything to hurt their stock here lamb even made a highlight reel grab that, you know, made some headlines got him a little more attention. I promise you were going to be seeing catches like that in the NFL next year, but I'm not so sure that there's a lot to add on the elite guys here. They're just they're really damn good prospects. What I do want to talk about is the depth of this class though. And we saw a bunch of guys stand out here guys like Justin Jefferson Denzel Mims a Chase Claypool Donovan people's Jones a lot of white outs that we can talk about. Others at the combine Wilkins you recover in that first night pretty closely because Allison Genie was out on his anniversary that evening, I believe so give us the rundown of the receivers that caught your eye. We don't want to give a rundown of his anniversary first. I don't know. Maybe we'll let him do that near the end of the podcast. Yeah. I mean all those names you said were just phenomenal and this receiver class is really living up to expectation so far a guy like Jefferson big-name at LSU just come off win the national championship. He was a Big part of that ridiculous offense there with Joe burrow. He hadn't done much as an outside receiver early in his career, but really took off as a slot guy in that last year that in combination with his ability to win contested catches probably created a bit of a narrative that he's a big slot type at the next level. So I think maybe we were probably underrating his athleticism a little bit for him to come out and run for four three. It was a great time. He had a really good vertical. He's probably locked himself in his late. From pick one of many at this position Mims is a favorite of both myself and Mike. I know he'll probably want to jump in here, but he was probably a day to guy heading in we knew he was athletic but not necessarily to this extent a43 840 at his size is great as well as jumps but the real thing that stood out to me was his six six six three cone leading all receivers. If you remember last year the knock on DK Metcalf was that he couldn't really move laterally obviously everyone and stop overthinking that one but it certainly helps one of the big bodied receiver who can win Above the Rim also has that kind of change of Direction. This is a really rare athletic profile and I'll just say he should be a first-round pick probably even above some of the popular names that you're hearing if he's not someone's going to get a steal in round two and then the third one you mentioned there Claypool. He was probably a day three guy coming in. The concern was probably whether he had much to offer aside from Overmatching defensive backs with his like size and physicality running it for for to at 238 pounds is pretty much as impressive as Henry rugs has 40 time when you adjust for weight though that kind of answers those questions there. He's the kind of athlete you take a chance on and with the right coaching staff to maximize his abilities. He could be far better in the NFL than he ever was in college. So Gina, I want to get your thoughts and some of those guys, but I want to know knowing you I bet you came home. Your anniversary and you probably started watching the on-field drills after the fact that he was tweeting mid anniversary book. Oh no. Oh, no. I don't know what y'all do on your anniversary, but I came home just in time to catch some of the catch some of the drills. I didn't catch all of it but live but I obviously had to if I did follow up and just to just to continue this conversation about receivers. I think what's really important to understand when you're watching it. Is that different? And receivers will test differently because of their different size profiles and we have to know which one what scores were looking at for each particular type of receiver. A smaller receiver is not going to have some of the traits and lower body explosion that DK Metcalf. Would that like how he tested last year? So a guy like Devin du vernay really stood out to me. I'm more of a slot receiver at Texas can do a little bit of both. He ran a blazing time had some good three-cone time and shuttle times as well. So that's another guy that stood out for me in addition to the old ones I love Denzel Mam's ìhey I was shocked at how well he tested he on tape he flashed explosive athleticism and like amazing at contestant catches good at after the catch as well but he just gave it to me he's a first-round pick so I think he was a big winner as well he mentioned that along with Claypool well Allison Janney we let Wilkie kick things off their it receiver talk about some of the risers why don't you help us break down some of the white out to Didn't do so well, I mean Jalen Rieger ran little slower than either, you know, he predicted or maybe some other people thought he might KJ Hill didn't have a great combine after he was pretty impressive at the Senior Bowl Tyler Johnson measured in with small hands and then he chose not to participate in the drills, which could be a bad sign for his athletic testing anything you want to add on those guys or anybody else that you thought was a Faller. I was really surprised about Tyler Johnson. He's a guy that a lot of guys in the draft Community like he's a piece of playmaker. Stock is sort of slowly gradually fallen or the last couple weeks or last few months. I'm surprised he didn't test. I hope that's not because he's going to test poorly but he's not off to a good start will see him on the pro day. I think rigor wasn't as bad. He had some great vertical vertical times and for the broad jump as well, but I think you know, he's a speed guy and you really expected him to run faster. So it wasn't too bad of a day, but it wasn't a great day for him either a couple of later around guys that you know, this is a very He deep class and you're going to see a lot of guys get pushed down because there's just so many receivers and I think a guy like Quinta's say this or Juwan Jennings who have made a lot of plays in the Big Ten and the SEC both ran in the four 7s. And I was a little bit worried about that. Also antoniou. Gandy golden who people might have thought are going to go towards the end of day 2 here and a slow time had some poor jumps as well for a for his size. He was another guy where I think didn't have a great combine. One more I want to touch on Isla Vista Chanel. Although we learned later that he still dealing with the core muscle and drain is going to have surgery. He didn't run a good time. So he's one guy would definitely look to see where his stock is where the reports are coming in because it doesn't look like he's going to be able to run it as pro day next month. And I also mentioned last week that one of the biggest items that comes out of the combine is the medical evaluations. We wanted to find out more about to his hip injury and by all accounts. The reports are extremely positive. He's gonna hold a pro day on April 9th. So I guess we'll learn some more then Wilkie. Do you think that healthy to it has a chance to overtake Joe Bro for that top spot or you think it's just set in stone at this point, but this is still good news for to uh, yeah. I think it's pretty locked and Joe Broz seems like the number one unless he pulls an Eli Manning and forces the Bangles to catch up over. It's not like he's gonna do it. Yeah. I mean, I think that's just the Silly Season talk. I think he's going to be a bangle and that seems pretty set in stone. He Arguably the best college football season we've ever seen so I think Joe Broz number one two is clear number two quarterback for me as he continues to get positive reviews for his Medicals. I think that only locks it and even more we even saw the Washington Redskins reportedly considering even taking him at number two. You don't know whether that's them just floating it out there to generate trade interest in that number two. Pick or whether I mean after last year with the color Marie Arizona scenario. It's kind of tough to shrug it off and not believe that they're actually considering it because they're go under a new Direction. There was Ron Rivera and Haskins was one of those rare first-year quarterbacks where he looked so inaccurate and he looked so bad that I wouldn't blame a team for just wanting to Pivot go in a different direction after your one as far as the other quarterbacks go at the combine. It's a little more about the throwing drills in my opinion. That's what I want to see. To concern with their athletic measurements. So a couple of them showed pretty good Wheels mean Justin Herbert Jalen hurts. I thought quite a few of them though had decent Commons. I mean Herbert's issue coming in was accuracy, but he threw a pretty well kind of reminded me of my guy now the bills Josh Allen's combine performance where he was slinging it all over the place Jordan love. He's trying to challenge for that third quarter back off the board spot. He looked decent, you know, maybe it was a little more notable. Believing that there's so much Buzz around love right now. It seems an NFL circles and lot of reports about that. You could talk about those guys if you want Wilkie, but I know you also felt pretty strongly that jail and hurts was a big winner this week. Yeah. I don't honestly I don't care too much about what the top guys did on in the throwing drills because if you're Herbert and your love and you're locked in as a first round pick, you better get look good thrown against are I felt what we really wanted to see was jail and hurts because the I'm with him is about as upside as a pastor, right? We know he can make some plays with his legs. He did that in his last year at Oklahoma and he was very good as a pastor at Oklahoma far better than he ever was at Alabama. But the question is whether that upside, you know similar to the questions that we had about Kyler Murray and Baker Mayfield weather that can extend to the next level. Obviously. The questions are more serious with Jalen hurd's because that pure passer ability isn't necessarily there. I think you can make a strong. Anger argument that he was propped up by the Oklahoma system more so than Murray and Mayfield work, but he looked really good in on-field drills the touch and trajectory and of his passes including the Deep balls were very good. We know he's a High character guy. I'm sure he mailed his interviews. He's a leader. I don't know to me I would take him over any of the other mid-round guys that have been floated. They're the big names like from and Jacob Eason, but I'm sure we'll talk about them in the fall or section here. Well, yeah, I mean as follows Go, I mean I think in your winners losers article one of the losers that you guys have is the second tier quarterback class, right? Because after those first few guys seem like there's a pretty big drop off, right? Yeah. I mean with frog the question was always about his arm strength, and he really didn't do anything to answer that and I don't think we really Could have expected him to he is what he is and that that lack of arm Talent is going to hold them back in the next level. He's going to have some good fit with Team. If he's in a West Coast offense that really features the quick game. He can be a useful quarterback at the next level, but it's not great for your stock when you only have so many fits Ethan is a you know, he's a much more talented guy physically. But he didn't have a great week because there were some reports coming out about how he really didn't leave a positive impression on teams and interviews. So there's some big questions about those guys in the mid round there and I just keep coming back to jail and herds if I'm a team that has an older veteran quarterback or you know, save team that signs Tom Brady this offseason and you need to draft one and develop them for the future. I'm looking to jail and hurts as early as the second round. I don't think you're gonna get him in the third. That's the guy hi there now to me and I suppose we have to talk about tight end here though. I don't really know if I want to there's just nobody in this class that I feel particularly strong about. I mean no Surefire NFL stars like we had last year. We had a couple guys help their cause this week. I mean Albert who a bun mm and Adam Troutman, they tested pretty well, but outside of that house in Jeannie you listed the entire tight end class as a loser in your column today. Give us the rundown there. I just think in today's NFL so many offenses are looking for Mismatch at tight end that matchup Nightmare and I'd not sure any of these guys have the that true truly Elite potential there. So I think none of them sort of separated the pack. There's a few guys maybe four or five that have maybe a late second early third round range, but none of them really made a statement at the combine. He mentioned Troutman. He's in that group called Comet had a few good testing scores and but Harrison Brian Hunter Brian were two guys that I really liked that didn't test very well none, really. Ali you know stood out and made a team go. Okay. That's the guy I really want I guess maybe the biggest one of the bigger standouts for me was Bryson Hopkins. He has some issues to clear up in the drops has some Focus drops, but he ran pretty fast here and a 4 6 6 looked okay and all the other all the other tests and all the other drills. But other than that this tight end class is a little underwhelming for the last two years. We had some some good play makers come out into the NFL and this one this whole class to me was a general lose. Especially with some of the big wide receivers you can get and even to chase Claypool came. Anyway didn't at 2:38. Maybe he's looking for that move tight end roll and he's the first guy I would take if he was, you know, transitioning more to a tight end roll. I'll be curious to see how much lower I am on the tight end class and the rookie rankings this year because like last year when you had those guys like Hawkinson at Fant, I'm pretty sure I had them up in my top 15, maybe even my top 10 when you look at it this year pretty sure my Tight ends at like 40 like there's some guys here who could definitely step up who could definitely have a return on investment. It might take a little while but projecting which one of these guys it's going to be just because there's no one that has those really Elite skill set across the board. It's going to be pretty tough. So fantasy wise, I don't know if I'm going to invest that much and this class and talked about it before but when it comes to Dynasty tight ends, I've gotten rookies off the waiver wire even in my Dynasty League I keep going back to I mean, I'm an analyst League where I got George Kettle off the waiver wire in that League that year just because there wasn't as much hype about him coming out and he was more of a Blocker in college and you're able to kind of pluck these guys if you're really paying attention so it could be the case with this class where there might be somebody that does Step Up Down the Road here, but maybe you'll be a guy that you're going up getting off the waiver wire and not really someone that I think you should be investing heavy draft capital and for your fantasy team. Yeah. I'm not sure there's a guy that in 2020 is going to be impact rookie. In this class. Yeah, which normally doesn't happen for Fantasy tight ends. Anyway, it normally takes a little bit of time we've seen the last couple of years some of the rookie tight ends of have made them more of an impact in their first year. I mean Evan engram had that big season, but that was because everybody was hurting the pass-catching core that you're so we'll see. I just I don't have a lot of faith in this tight end class at all. But that is it for today's show. Once again, go check out the winners and losers column that these guys did be on the lookout for their updated mock draft this week guys. Absolutely, always love having you. Come on. We're definitely going to get you guys back on again before the draft. And at that point we will dive deeper into all these prospects. Maybe we'll even do a little bit of offensive line stuff for I know our guy Mike mclelland at the score always gives me a hard time. We spend too much time on offense of lineman maybe will clear the lane in an episode and let Allison Janney go and talk about offensive lineman for a while. Let's do a full week of offensive line content. You can't spend enough time talking about this class. So if this if you want to spend time with listening to offensive line, I'll talk. This is the year to do it one more time for anybody that didn't catch it off the top go and follow Wilkins on Twitter at underscored and Wilkins and Allison trainee at a football. Mike. Keep checking out the NFL fantasy news River on the score app. That's we're going to find the most accurate rankings in the industry and all the rest of my fantasy content year-round can also find me on Twitter at Justin bun big. Thanks again to Wilkins and Allison Journey for joining me big. Thanks every day out there for listening and we will see you next time. Sid leave on time