Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me.Fines and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health I wanted to raise another topic that is getting more and more talked about be fair and it's becoming recognized as something that so many of us deal with on a day-to-day basis, but it's still an area that I think is slightly too boo or that as individuals. We try and kind of not hide that's not the right word. Hold up. My friend looked at the same time. So I'm just making sure that we're still recording. We are good stuff. Yeah, so it's an area that I think is still slightly to be so I'm going to give a bit of background for myself at first and then I'd like to just delve into the topic a little bit more I guess so myself. I have probably suffered a bit of a form of anxiety. Most of my life often gone unnoticed not unnoticed but undiagnosed or unsure. What it really is just thinking it was kind of bad days and I'm sure a lot of us. You don't really want to Pine and put a title on it. I'm one who doesn't really like titles as it is. So yeah, it's gone on for a long time. And then I think my my kind of peek OK or yeah, I Pig came around in a 2015 which is when I reach kind of like my ultimate low and the kind of the darkest depression that I have. I personally experienced today but by going through this process it really in hindsight always in hindsight really enabled me to kind of truly understand the importance of going to those dark places and recognizing those kind of destructive self-talk behaviors Etc. And it was something I became aware of and I sought help so I went and started speaking to And they're gonna get much out of it. So left her continue to be in this dark place. So it's you know, what? Let me try again went to another one this one wasn't it was through the council. So she was a local lady. She was slightly older not being a just here at all, but I just felt like she didn't really connect with me. She didn't really understand she wasn't really able to empathize. So I did have a couple of sessions it was nice to talk to her at the in those moments, but then I'd often come out of the sessions and still not really feeling too much better as soon as something happened or someone spoke to me in a certain tone or it just uncross my legs. Oh spoke to me in a certain tone or anything. I could be quite easily triggered. So I was like, okay, this still isn't working and I left it and I continue to kind of go down this Rabbit Hole of darkness and it wasn't till later that year that I came across another counselor. I was like, you know what this one that should come recommended. Let me let me go and talk to her. So I went to see this woman and I remember when I first walked in like she was just like a warm hug. I just felt immediately connected to her and it started off and I will always remember this. So I resolved when she was like, okay like well, this is one of the things that we have started off with this but it was definitely near the start and she's like, okay. I just want you to recall a time when you were last happy. Yo, that shit's hard when you're in a low. Place it your brain can block out a lot of your happiness. So don't know where you're at right now with your kind of like mental health Etc. But when you're in those Low Places, it can be tricky. So for me, I thought back to a moment in my childhood when I was carefree and not have to worry about other people's perceptions and how I was how I was being perceived or giving out wrong it whatever messages did it her. So I thought back to being a child and that that Kind of youthful moment being able to be myself. I guess was the key part and she asked me to explain kind of where I felt it. So I'd like you to think about where you feel it where you feel your happiness for me. It was very much in my chest. And then it was a case of okay, so you thinking about where you're feeling it and then it's a case of thinking what shape is it? So what shape is that happiness? Then what color is it? Because we can use all of our sensors without having to actually use our sensors sure. I mean, so for me it was a circle of like an orb that was glowing and it was yellow. I guess quite the best example of it is similar to the Sun but it was in my chest and that's what I felt when I was happy. So I acknowledged that feeling I gave it its own kind of title and recognition. Anyway carried on with the counseling. So on so forth numerous sessions, I went to over a period of have many months until I felt like I was in a place where actually I was starting to get my life a little bit more on track. I felt like I could take the stabilizers back off my bike and kind of ride for myself. So that's what I did and it was funny because I actually remember this moment so closely as well. It was a couple of months after that and I was out for dinner with my parents and I had this overwhelming feeling in my chest. I found on my chest was going to burst house. Oh my gosh, like What's going on and sure enough? It was that happiness feeling and then as I hold up a minute, what am I so happy for? I'm just out for dinner as I owe. This is what gratitude is and I finally understood how closely related those two are obviously by understanding gratitude and understanding what happiness felt like didn't just mean that I'd cured my anxiety or cured my depression, but it was able to I was then able to kind of feel my feelings. I think that was a significant part. So it's a case of them when anxiety arose and it often word, especially in January. I feel like January is normally my my season for it anxiety would arise and it was no longer this big table feeling that I got on my chest, but it was one of pressure you feel like it's pressing on your heart and your lungs like it's it's almost like you can feel pain. It's just this heaviness die. Darkness and then you start noticing your thoughts are getting a little bit more intrusive and self-sabotaging and maybe you cut yourself off for people you start isolating yourself, you might label it as solitude but it can often be isolation and then that cycle can begin but when you can recognize it and you can feel those feelings starting it's a case of okay. I'm recognizing this Behavior. Now all this feeling right now, I understand the kind of like the behaviors and emotions that will follow and I'm going to accept that but I am going to acknowledge it. I'm not gonna wallow in it. I'm not going to snowball it because I don't understand it. But I'm just going to acknowledge it observe it and know that it's temporary because let's be honest. We've got through it all so far. And so it was actually only a couple of weeks ago, obviously January and a couple of weeks ago and it hit me again. It was completely out of blood, you know, what the night before I'd been out in my gut. I hadn't been out in my girls. I've been at one of my girls house and we'd have one of the best nights singing dancing completely sober but just one of those, you know, I mean one of those nights where you are a child again, and then the next day was a Sunday and I was like, okay, this is cool. Like I start my new job tomorrow then I Event in like two weeks time like got loads going on bubba. And then something hit me and I started getting really anxious. It's like, okay. Well, I'm going to be able to do this job. Like am I ready to move? Am I ready for all of these things that happen when I am I going to be able to succeed? What if I fail? What if this doesn't work out? What am I going to do? All of these thoughts started hitting me and I freaked and I broke down completely broke down I cried for maybe about an hour or so, but the difference that I I have now it's different for everybody but working out works for you for me. I decided I was no longer ashamed of having these moments because they don't Define me me having a good old cry about things that are completely out of my control doesn't mean that I'm not woke it doesn't mean that I'm not self-aware. It doesn't mean that I'm depressive or depressed. It just means you know what I'm recognizing that right now. I'm not doing the greatest jobs of controlling my emotions or my thoughts, but I recognize them and for me, I actually reached out to some people that I and it's always a funny one because there's certain often will people will surprise you obviously our circle of influence or a circle of friends can occasionally rotate it can change or you might be closer to one person in the group then another at some point and you'll often be surprised that actually when you are in those positions of vulnerability when you actually reach out to somebody just to have a vent You know what they fucking listen, and I feel like one of our biggest. I don't want to say problems because it's not a problem. But one of the biggest things that kind of set us back from being able to move through these periods and what end up getting us into this snowball motion is getting scared of that vulnerability and and getting scared of not being accepted when the bottom line is if any of anybody who cared for to be perfectly honest, I can pretty much bet you that anybody who you didn't even care for that much or you didn't even know if they called you. Crying or they called you saying look like I'm not feeling too great right now. Like I'm feeling very very anxious. I don't I don't know how I feel they're going to listen you're not asking for advice. You just need somebody to listen. So this is kind of like my bid to people to just Reach Out reach out because you know what the majority of us are going through it or have been through it or have experienced someone close to us going through it. And no problem is too small. I think that's another thing that myself and I know a lot of my friends can quite easily do is compare our problems to other people you kind of fit into two categories. So either you are belittling your problems thinking they're not as big as other people's and then you've got the other people who are thinking well, my problem is way bigger than yours. Why are you upset but the fact is it's all down to context. We're all going through the same shit. But we'll just deal with it differently and there's from a reminds me of when I was younger. Sorry. This is a bit of a tangent one, but it's just I felt like I had some bits to get off my chest. So when I was slightly younger a family friend of mine dead hamster died. Okay, so it's probably that I reckon I was about 13 at the time that had this hamster maybe six years was quite an old hamster for us. I'm just as go and I remember and I have this and I was like, yeah, but it's just a hamster like I've lost grandparents. I lost a friend like is A hamster like why they even that upset but the fact is they had never experienced lost before they had never experienced death. And this was something that they had in their home that they interacted with every single day for as long as they could properly really remember. And that pain for them was probably just as bad as losing a grandparent was for me because it was that first experience of loss. That's a first experience of death and then it really made me once I kind of like got that in tomatoes at wow, who the hell are we to judge and whether you are the side of Getting those anxious moments or the side of the listening to people's supporting people when they are going through it. She was always with recognizing that we can't compare these things what you feel is what you feel and you just need to acknowledge it and roll with it. Obviously here I am talking very generalized. I am talking on a high level and kind of putting an umbrella over different kinds of anxiety, but obviously there are completely different levels to it. Not only their different levels but there are different types. So you've got your kind of generalized anxiety, which is what the majority of the population do experience at some point. So that can be just overthinking things. It's obsessive whirring feeling anxiety. T about doing kind of your day-to-day tasks, you don't got people who are just worried more about social anxiety. So they feel a way about when there are large groups or when they're having to talk to people you've then got like obviously a specific phobias. So when you are you have like an irrational fear of something it may be perfectly rational to for example, you don't like to jump out of planes because you have a risk of dying like that's a completely rational fear and irrational fear might be something like spiders or dogs or Bed sheets being made a certain way dry mean you then got the panic disorders, which is when you do go into like a full-on state of panic obsessive-compulsive disorder, which is OCD. But again, that's a hard one to kind of bracket this so many different elements to that actually want to touch on one area of it. That isn't talked about enough actually might get guest on about this who actually introduced me to it. So it's actually oce. D I believe which is like the umbrella term for OCD and then you've got the different types of it so it can be your what we relate to as OCD which would be like organizing your clothes in a certain manner or having to write in a certain color pen. All those kinds of things. I have certain certain habits that I generally stick to. Otherwise, I feel a little uncomfortable some that you can live with some that can have knock-on effects or detrimental effects and that's when you may seek other help. But there's one other area that like I said, I think I probably will get someone to talk about this because it's not my area of expertise, but I just want to talk about it and that's intrusive thoughts. Obsessive intrusive thoughts basically, so basically what that can be is when you have it's almost like Tourette's of the brain is probably the best way that I can summarize it. So it's when you think of something that is the last thing you want to think of is a horrible thought maybe it's a inappropriate sexual thought or maybe it's a like a something to do with like a murderer or some kind of abusive thought and they're not things that you'd ever. act out on but you start thinking about it and then before you know it you start thinking about it more and more and more and this is a disorder and it's one that is largely not talked about yet relatively relatively well seen within the population but people get so scared of thinking that these thoughts that they're seeing will Define them that people will think that they are a certain way because they are thinking things that they don't want to think about But there are other things that that maybe if you do experience that you can talk to somebody you aren't alone at all. Then you've got PTSD as well. So you often see that with army veterans or people who have been through something relatively traumatic that can obviously come back and creep up on them. So, I mean it's complicated there is a whole network of different kinds of disorders and different causes as well. Generally, it will obviously stem from either like a psychological or a chemical. Trigger point whether it's been Something's Happened in your past or whether it's just a genetic kind of disposition, but there are definitely things that can trigger them and that's where we can kind of get more involved not just in kind of like the court The Cure side of it but in regards to the prevention so environmental factors can be part of it. So it might be in regards to feel like a relationship a job School Financial And they're the kinds of things that I think we really need to get on top of because they're the things that we can make immediate adjustments in our lives with so for example, I noticed that there's certain people that will trigger my anxiety or certain certain scenarios or things that people might say will trigger it. So I've now got more self-aware to understand those feelings. So when you when you are going through anxiety, it's thinking about what you feel where you feel it what it looks like internally recognizing that and then I'm not okay. I can feel this coming on now because I now know what to look out for and I can remove myself from it, whether it's stepping away from those people whether it's a case of do you know what I just need to go home. I need to go to sleep or I need to go and have a bath and relax or I need to read a book or even if it's a case of do you know what I need to watch them? Happy TV, too. Me up then is knowing those those kind of feels and understanding the triggers of it removing yourself and putting you into a safe Zone. Apologies I had to disappear for a second because I'm not Rudy on my hotel room door PSO. Obviously I have touched on the fact that anxiety is very much a feeling being aware of it being able to talk to people the fact that there's so many different types of it and it's not an easy one to divine define define, but it is something that we need to acknowledge more because Anxiety left untreated there's so many studies that showed about half of the people who have anxiety and don't kind of act on it will also develop depression, which is obviously a mood disorder depression then can obviously have knock-on effects into other mental disorders and can have a very negative impact on your life as a whole in that moment. I will just say I think many people who have kind of been through depression and maybe out of those darker times can kind of back me up in regards to saying that it's shaped them. I mean, yeah, it's for me. It's definitely been one of the best things to ever happen to me if I probably say struggling with anxiety, obviously it can cause you a lot of issues but it helps shape the choices that you make in future and now it helps you become that. That's a friend or partner or colleague or whatever leader or employee because you have a different perspective and a different sense of empathy but it's also reminding yourself that anxiety isn't who you are. It's just something that occasionally what happened to you part of being human and although it can get messy. It's part of your plan. It's part of your journey. So I want to talk about a couple of things that that do help kind of with a anxiety just in regards to kind of different researchers and proven things are not just my own personal experiences. So one of the key things and again, I think me and Josh touched on these things actually last week to be perfectly honest in regards to how to be happy. But I think there's some key parts that need to kind of be reaffirmed in regards to anxiety. So one of the main things is exercise. Artie when it's in the body is kind of like fight or flight in full swing but the problem is the majority of times with anxieties. It is very much internal. There's not an external threat. So you're not actually having to fight anything and you're not having to run from anything. So there's nowhere to go. So you've got these stress hormones kind of just running around your body and they start kind of forming these physical symptoms as well. That's why we feel anxiety. So I'm doing physical activities actually like a natural end of that fight or flight response. So it is scientifically proven to balance out those neuro chemicals in the body. So therefore it will have a scientific reduction in your anxiety helps you kind of put it somewhere divert that energy. It's also worth kind of touching on food as well. Again, there is numerous studies to show that following a diet consisting of a kind of more vegetables and fruit Etc. They're generally less anxious beings compared to those who've Fallen kind of a more Western diet processed or fried food you are what you eat is a real damn thing. So if you're eating a lot of processed meat or KFC's or this that and the other you're probably taking on Stress hormones a lot of chemicals if you're eating a lot of dairy, I mean about the amount of hormones in that it was just obviously taking on a whole new level and you're putting that in your body and your body is absorbing that so I think it's really important to kind of fuel it with the things that it deserves. It can be very easy when you are in kind of that lower place of feeling anxious or depressed that either you don't really want to eat or you want to eat those Comfort Foods. It's and having the odd comfort food isn't anything to get mad at if you want that little piece of chocolate have some chocolate, but you don't need to sit there and eat a whole bloody share of our sure. I mean and maybe you actually I'm going to eat some fruit first then I'm still hungry. Then I'm going to have this chocolate bar. Do I really need to go and eat a whole take away or can I make some food and maybe I'll just get them off and afterwards to treat myself. Well, maybe I'll make some homemade fries. It's just thinking about kind of those options and actually treating yourself. Just exactly the same way. I think the biggest thing to remember is the majority of things that you say in your head. You would never say out loud. You would never say that to a friend and if a friend said that about themselves you'd be devastated without you know, What you deserve to feel good about yourself because you're a good person and that's exactly the same thing with you. So if you have to kind of take yourself a bit of an out of body experience and look back and be like, you know what you're struggling right now. Let me do something for you. Let me let me make you eat. So allow you to eat some good food. Sleep sleep is another thing there is huge and a lot of people. I know you can struggle especially when thoughts are going on in your brain. But I mean some of the things that you can do to kind of help is leaving screens behind for at least like an hour an hour and a half before you hit the hay if you are having to look at screens using blue light glasses, you can get them relatively cheap on eBay and but they will definitely make a huge difference in regards to being able to kind of switch off. So maybe instead of watching TV, if you don't need to look at a screen for any reason, it's worth putting your phone on airplane mode having a bath reading a book listening to some music whatever you need to do to just kind of divert yourself and unwind let your body physically relaxed. So that's one thing that I did want to talk about is when you are anxious, you're generally going to be a lot more tense. Okay. So whilst you're having that before bed or any point in perfectly honest, but before bed think about how those muscles are tight and you know, what take control of them. So all you need to do is choose a muscle group whether it be your but your quads your shoulders your biceps tighten it hold it 5 seconds then release it focus on one section at a time then slowly. Look through your whole body. And this is what you this is classed as progressive muscle relaxation. So that will really help you take control of the physical aspect of it and just let it kind of all go whilst you're doing that as well breathing deep. I mean, we've talked about breathwork. I'm sure on numerous podcast. It was been dropped in is probably something that if you haven't heard of yet, you should definitely explore but the power ER of breath and the way that we under use it is redonkulous. Remember we're not Josh actually was the first person to show me breath work and literally all I did is go on YouTube and type Tim Wim Hof breath session. I think was like a 15-minute breath session where Wim Hof guided me through these deep breaths and it was breathing in fully but taking the are all the way down to my stomach when we breathe. It shouldn't be a case of our chests. Just lifting up. This should be a whole stomachs expanding Taking the breath all the way down into the body because there's so many parts of our body that have stagnant kind of oxygen in them. Like we need to move it around. So it's breathing deep allowing that oxygen to kind of flood your body really helps your mind and body relax. The best way to do it is probably to lie down like on a flat surface put your hand on your belly slowly breathe in and you make sure your belly is filling enough that you can feel it rise. Hold it for a second then. Let it out and just let it relax and I can tell you now. It's going to be a game-changer. Another thing I could advise. I'm over what might come across a bit overwhelming with all these things but it's just starting with one or two that appeal to you. I'm giving you a few different ones here because different things work for different people. But if they don't work, then you can maybe try some other things or whatever. So the other thing to do that I personally do which may sound weird, but it's scheduling time. to be anxious So for me, it would be like you know, what? Before I go to sleep, not just before I go sleep like so so I go to bed at like 10 o'clock around 7:30. I'm going to dedicate 30 minutes to think about solidly think about what is bothering me. What am I worrying about? It's not about the different scenarios of what could happen. What could go wrong or this self-sabotaging self-talk of your this person your that noone likes you no, none of that. What am I actually concerned about? Why am I worried about people not Can me what could be the what's the worst outcome here? What am I worried Could Happen whether it's a phobia. What is the worst outcome here? What am I really worried could happen and the more you can kind of focus on what makes you anxious the more you can actually start to bring yourself back down and rationalize it you're not letting these thoughts kind of just come into your head and knowledge in them is such a key thing is just being that boss on. I thought so the more you dig deep the more you're going to be able to kind of flick those thoughts. You know, I mean you're able to look at those negative thoughts acknowledge them and then understand the positive aspects of them. Show me like nothing in this world is is one way we need the kind of the bad to recognize the good is the yin and yang you need both inside you you need the Angel and the devil. So when you do have these negative thoughts there will always be A positive aspect to it, whether it's a positive outcome that could happen or a positive feeling or n awareness. You've gone through something to be aware of something that that's that's one of the keys is being a boss taking control of it. However hard you think it might not be possible. I can tell you now it is might not be easy, but it's possible. You've just got to take the time another thing to think about. Out and this is something that I have been doing again as of late. I read a book last year and it changed the game, but it was I will tell you what book is but I really can't remember but it's about real a brilliant a little relabeling. So it's the way that we talk about. Our feelings to ourselves can have an enormous impact but a lot of these things are very very similar. So for example earlier when I was talking You about me feeling gratitude and getting excited or whatever. It's actually a very similar feeling to when I'm getting anxious. I feel it in my chest. I feel a pound but I just have a different label to it. So it's like for example say you have performance anxiety, right? So you're scared of not living up to an expectation or not delivering your something that you have to deliver on. Is that actually? Am I am I nervous? I did a post on this at some point. Actually, I'll try and find it but it's like am I nervous or am I excited because the feelings are very very closely linked. So as soon as you're actually able to switch that and be like, you know what? No, actually I'm excited about this. This is this is a big challenge rather than being like this is a big challenge shit. What if I fuck it up? No, this is a good challenge to have me to show myself Yuri label that emotion that feeling all of a sudden the outcome is completely and utterly different you no longer have these expectations of not living up because you could do an amazing job, but if you have this kind of like performance anxiety, you're going to pick on everything negative that's happened rather than going in there seeing as your opportunity to deliver and delivering you could do exactly the same speech but it's all down to interpretation and your own perspective and that's where it's in your control the next thing which links Loosely to my previous point is people with social anxiety for example often think they don't come across well or any kind of anxiety to be perfectly honest, you can get paranoid about what other people are thinking but one thing is worth reminding yourself with when you are in these kinds of mental places, you are a lot more sensitive to others. It's exactly the same as kind of like when you're in in regards to like personal space I know for me when I am anxious So depressed or whatever. I'm very aware of someone standing too close to me. You become hypersensitive to things and it's often exactly the same way in regards to how you act as well. So you can listen to how people work things and you take it really to heart and you can then often become very conscious of how your words are being perspective. Yeah being perceived and you start getting anxious because you're worried about how people are going to see you whether they really like you, but I can tell you this now, You're good. I can guarantee you now the people around you and not thinking any kind of thing about you. It's so if you struggle just remember that when you let people see you like the real you they actually really like you and if they don't then that's an issue that they have within their own internal self because all we can do is be true. I think that kind of covers the main aspects. Anxiety from my perspective on a like I said, this is obviously a very much a general umbrella discussion on it. And but I just felt like it's something that we need to discuss more I posted on my social media that evening after my anxiety attacks still red-eyed and I got a lot of feedback where people were like, wow like I go through this to thank you for being honest about it. And I think that's the thing. Like I was actually wearing our truth on our sleeve and not being a Shamed of who we are and what we've experienced is only going to inspire others to do exactly the same and the more that we can share our experiences the more we can learn from each other the more we can get through this and we'll strength we have as collective. So that's all for now bit of a different one me. Just talking to myself. I need to go blow my nose now because I've talked for too long, but thank you guys so much for listening. I really do appreciate it. As always I would ask you to please. Kindly review the podcast give it a subscribe so that you are alerted whenever the podcast next goes up. And please let me know your feedback either messaging via the Vive life website or my own Instagram, which is apt or Erie and just let me know your thoughts or let me know if there's any topics in particular particular you would like covered but for now, let's keep pushing through whatever your years been like so far. We're not even a quarter of the way through yet. So let's push it. I'm thinking about you. I'm always here for you. And yeah, love you. Peace out.