You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies. This amounts to 49 billion dollars, which is still big indeed. It's twice the GDP of Cyprus. So if by laughter we mean entertainment then yes American entertainment is one of the country's most important export and these days a good chunk of that intellectual property is owned by Walt Disney Studios, Pixar Bonavista, Miramax plus the Marvel and Star Wars franchise has are some of the largest and most visible entertainment companies owned by the house of mouse Disney's Argosy. It can capture the imagination of a every girl or boy from Early Childhood all the way through adulthood and to think it all started with the doodle of a mouse sketched during a depressing train ride home, but well we're getting ahead of ourselves. Walter Elias Disney later known as Uncle Walt was born on December the 5th 1901 in Chicago, Illinois, his parents flora and Eliza were farmers and occasional entrepreneurs of Canadian origin. What was the youngest of five siblings the others being Ruth Roy Raymond and Herbert his much older brothers would prove a source of stability and inspiration later in life at the age of seven Walton the Disney's they moved Kansas City where he spent most of his childhood. This was an unhappy period of his life though the last The I had a hard time making a living switching from farming to Distributing newspapers in each of these activities Walt and his siblings were drafted to work hard and contribute to the families while their Elias was a tough work master and did not approve of all trying to carve out time to do homework or even attend school. You can probably imagine how Elias took to his son's budding talent for drawing. He considered it a complete waste of time and would not spend a cent on something as futile as art supplies Walter. He was reduced drawing his first sketches aren't Toilet paper Walt's harsh relationship with his father was mitigated by Walt's close relationship with his big brothers. Especially Roy and Herbert who were an early source of encouragement for him. Unfortunately Roy Raymond and Herbert, they moved out of the family home eventually leaving behind the much younger Walt in 1917, the u.s. Joined the auntaunt in World War one alongside many other patriotic American boys walls long to do his part by donning uniform deserve in France. He may have also had the added motivation to leave his home behind considering the fact that he faked his age. Joined the army at 16 Walt was likely trying to escape from his home life. Unfortunately, he was rejected for being too short Walter de Plan B, though. He successfully applied to join the American Red Cross while training as an ambulance driver what developed his artistic skills and he became quite popular for decorating the ambulances with cartoons and caricatures a fellow paramedics one of his fellow trainees. By the way. That was Ray Kroc later. The legendary CEO of McDonalds walls appetite for Action. It remained unfulfilled. The war was over before he was even deployed. Overseas, but when he returned home, he had good reason to Rejoice. He had found out that he had won a scholarship to attend the Kansas City Art Institute after years are going to draw on toilet paper and ambulances the poor guy. He did deserve a break and at last he got his proper art supplies while attending the Art Institute while developed a Fascination for the growing genre of Animation animated shorts were commonly used at the time in movie theaters as a crowd pleaser before the main feature, but they were crudely made and the soundtrack was irrelevant and some of them were pretty darn creepy. Well, I saw an opportunity to fill a potential Gap in the market with products of good quality with a friend from the Art Institute UB iwerks while turned up his first animation company. It was a bold move considering that the two were 19 and had little to no Capital to start with Walt and UB developed a series of short animated movies for the Newman chain of Cinemas entitled Newman's laughs a grams the company it was short-lived running from 1920 to 1923, but it's cartoons were hit with audiences Walt experimented with some of the themes that would later become a staple of his production anthropomorphized animals Innovative takes on classic fairy tales a Keen Eye for popular music jazz at the time and slapstick humor as talented animators as Walt and UB may have been as businessman. Well, they were kind of rubbish the production costs of their shorts were too high and they signed unfair distribution Deals. They thought they'd hit the jackpot when a distributor company called pictorial clubs of Tennessee promised $11,100 for Six cartoons. That's a hundred and forty-two thousand in today's money, but pictorial never paid. Laughs a gram company that soon when angry interesting aside here if today some laughter grams are still intact and available. It's thanks to those pictorial Club Scoundrels. They kept these Six cartoons in their vault and reissued them when Disney had become a household name the fellow animator and other employees of Walt startup. Well, they're about to call it quits, but wild had a brilliant idea with great potential. How about mixing a live action with animation bolts pitch was to film a series of short starring actress, Virginia Davis with an Innovative technique mixing a live action. Protagonist with animated characters and settings Walton up moved to California to start work on this new series entitled the Alice comedies their early work attracted the attention of new york-based distributor Margaret J. Winkler Disney's work was again plagued by two hybrid option costs which made the first Alice comedies unprofitable on Winkler's insistence Walton up were forced to increase their rate of production while lowering the animators salaries by this time Big Brother Roy Disney had joined the company and he seemed to have a much better business since than Walt he would remain his business partner. Trusted advisor for the rest of his life. It was perhaps on Roy's advised that Walton herb decided to hire an entirely female crew of colorists traditional animation required for each frame of a cartoon to be colored by hand. And that's 24 frames per second of footage. So it's a meticulous repetitive time-consuming job requiring large numbers of skilled professionals at that time women's wages were much lower than men's which meant savings for the Disney Brothers. One of the colorists was young women from Idaho called Lillian at the end of a Long Day's Work. What? What would routinely drive home a group of his employees, whatever the roots he would always make sure that the last person to be dropped off was Lillian so that he could spend more time alone with her Lillian probably got the hymns and the two started dating and this led to a short engagement and their wedding in July of 1925 by 1927. American audiences had grown weary of the Alice comedies shorts and while wanted to diversify its production. He started working on a new character Oswald the Lucky Rabbit. The series was successful and well-considered rescinding his contract with Margaret Winkler to chance. Tribution on his own but in 1928 Walt discovered that Margaret and her husband Charles men Slater of Universal Pictures were masters of the fine print at the bottom of contract during a business meeting in New York. He learns that as part of the deal with Winkler every intellectual property developed within the terms of the contract would be legally owned by Winkler and mints unbeknownst to him the New York power couple had another nasty trick in reserve their pushy demands and deadlines for the Alice films alienated Disney's animators. Most of them had vented their frustration. East Walt rather than Winkler so when they eventually quit the company they were hired on mass by Universal only Iowa acts would remain by Walt side while riding the train back to California from New York a depressed Walt Disney put pencil to paper to soothe his sadness and frustration little did he know that doodle would change his life and have a huge impact on the life of millions of children the character that he sketched that day was the immortal Mortimer Mouse So now you might be asking well Mortimer who well that character was Mickey Mouse, but Walt's initial choice of name was Mortimer luckily Lillian talked into his senses and advised that he changed the name to Mickey. If you are into these sort of things. The name Mortimer is of old French origin means dead sea, not exactly the cheeriest of names for a talking Mouse while it's company was now called Walt Disney cartoons a skeleton crew which included only him and our bond drawing and animation duties with Roy supervising the business. His wife and Edna coloring and inking with Lillian the gang soon delivered three Mickey Mouse cartoons, but first to did not sell for the third one Walt had the intuition to add a recent cinematic Innovation a synchronized sound rack which included a catchy whistling tune. This was Steamboat Willie. It opened on November the 18th 1928 and it was an immediate success for Walt Disney cartoons. Finally The Big Break had arrived in the company would produce a string of hit animated shorts in 1929. They created the cartoon series Silly Symphonies. He's In 1832 episode flowers and trees was the first cartoon to be produced in color and to win an Oscar the follow-up The Three Little Pigs of 1933 was so popular that I got top billing above the feature films that had accompanied while working on the Silly Symphonies Walton Lillian were trying to conceive a child. Unfortunately Lillian suffered several miscarriages, which caused Waltz you experience a nervous breakdown eventually a baby girl arrived in 1933 Diane the Disney's decided to adopt another girl Sharon in 1936 the success of his cartoons and a King family in bold and Walt who now started to think a bit bigger what I should cartoons beat developed only in the short format. Why not produce a full-length animated film In 1934 Walt started working on that very idea a cartoon that ran for the length of a feature film as he had done previously. Well sought inspiration from a classic fairy tale Snow White by The Brothers Grimm. Nobody in Hollywood believed in Walt among the studio Lots film executive sneered at the project calling it Disney's Folly. The production was not easy going over time and over budget, but when Snow White and the Seven Dwarves opened on December the 21st 1937 it was Immediately the hearts and minds of both audiences and critics including subsequent releases and adjusting for inflation Snow White as the 10th highest grossing movie of all time at the 1938 Academy Awards. The film was nominated for best soundtrack and received a special award for significant screen innovation in the shape of one normal sized Oscar and seven little statuettes Walt Disney Studios continued working on shorts, but the main production Focus was firmly on feature-length cartoons Waltz next two projects. Us were incredibly ambitious. He released Pinocchio and Fantasia both in 1940 Pinocchio was a relative success not as astounding as snow white, but well Fantasia it tanked if you haven't seen this movie, it is absolutely worth a watch but 1940 audiences. They did not agree and for the next production Dumbo Walt had to tighten the belt and reduce costs to a minimum Dumbo's artwork and animation of visibly cruder than the three previous movies. The running time is also quite short, but the film it was highly profitable this relative. Auction in quality may have also been a consequence of Eight studio animators strike events, which deeply angered and worried Disney, but 2006 biography of Walt Disney by Neil gobbler shed some light on what's relationship with his employees trade unions and communism to put it simply Walt Disney was a tough boss to work for it. It's no surprise that his employees wanted to organize themselves into a union but he considered industrial action as a dangerous expression of communist Tendencies. How about this for an example when Walt turned 35 is brother Roy encouraged. He's to throw the boss a surprise birthday party two of the animators thought it would be a fun idea to create a short cartoon out of Mickey and Minnie Mouse going at it when Waltz all the animation at the party. He laughed hard and asked who made the film to animators stepped up expecting a pat on the back or a handshake and then he fired on the spot in general Walt could be controlling and he asked a lot from his employees. He often dressed them down. If they did not deliver, even Roy was not spared the business brains behind Walt Disney Studios was frequently scolded when he ventured an opinion on an artistic choice. Of his employees animators and cartoonists where the one subject to the longest hours and the most grueling work conditions taking a break was a luxurious Walt would often appear suddenly in the drawing rooms to check on their work. Luckily for the employees. What was a heavy smoker with time. He developed a persistent cough that announced his rival by just a few seconds when his cartoon has tried to form a union or reacted by hiring armed guards firing organizers and cutting wages. And when a major strike rolled around in 1941, well, he was really asking for it on July the 2nd. Rt1, Disney published an advert in variety accusing the strike leaders of communistic agitation this concern about communist infiltration Xin Hollywood led him to join the motion picture Alliance for the preservation of American ideals or the MPAA founded in February of 1944. The NBA was an organization composed of high-profile Showbiz personalities with the purpose of Defending Hollywood's and America as a whole against communism and fascism. The NBA was active until 1975 and notable members included John Wayne Ronald Reagan and Ginger Rogers just to name a few. Here Bambi a volunteer to testify in front of the house committee on Un-American Activities. The committee was created in 1938 to investigate alleged disloyalty and subversive activities on the part of private citizens public employees and organization suspected of having communist ties Walt also participated in the hearings of the committee accusing several leaders of the animators Strikers communist agitators, his testimony earned him the Gratitude and friendship of legendary FBI director J. Edgar Hoover whose life story web sure to tell her sooner or later. Over and Disney, they developed a strange artistic partnership and the following years Jay Edgar allowed Walt Disney Studios to film some of their live-action movies at the FBI headquarters in Washington Walt on the other hand agreed to submit some of his scripts to Hoover an early revision to ensure that the FBI was depicted correctly, but apparently Hoover did not make any changes to the classic animated films in addition to these exchanges of favors over at Disney appointed as a special agent in charge of contact in 1954. In other words a trusted Informer and collaborator of the II and his for a fun fact decades after Walt Disney's death is company would pay homage do the FBI Chief with a minor character J Gander Hooter from the TV series Darkwing Duck in the 1950s Walt Disney eventually distanced himself from the MPAA has he lost interest in their ideals and they're paranoid approach to anti-communism bolts association with the mpa is the source of the rumor that he was anti-semitic but biographer Neil gobbler, otherwise a harsh critic of Disney's dismisses this claim as unsubstantiated wild regularly. Hi. I adore had business with Jewish employees and colleagues in 1955. He was even appointed Man of the Year by the b'nai b'rith international a Jewish cultural organization. This is not the only persistent unfounded rumor on Walt, but we've got a bit more on that later in the 1950s and 1960s Walt Disney Studios produced a series of animated masterpieces that one well-deserved popular success. Let's list them quickly because I know If I miss one, I'm going to get some backlash Cinderella 1950 Alice in Wonderland 1951 Peter Pan 1953 lady in the Tramp 9055 Sleeping Beauty 1959 under and one Dalmatians 1961 and Mary Poppins from 1964. Everybody has a favorite from one of these films Mary Poppins successfully merged live action and animation in color before that Disney Studios had ventured into purely live-action films the first one being Treasure Island in 1950. Disney was also one of the first Hollywood producers to Invest in TV the first of his series on the small screen was the Magical World of Disney, which actually can be considered an early example of content marketing to promote a good or service. So what was Disney promoting? I was his next big dream. The one that would take most of his energy and attention for the last decade of his life. It was a massive and Innovative theme park in Southern California. Of course, that's Disneyland. The park was developed in the town of Anaheim after demographics experts convinced Walt that it would become a major population Center within the Ten years time would prove they were absolutely right when the local population and park visitors sought Disneyland opened on July the 17th, 1955 and its first day was a disaster 30,000 people turned up instead of the projected 15,000 meaning restaurants were soon out of food and drink a plumber strike also forced Walt to choose to either have flushing toilets or working drinking fountains. He went with a toilets further. One of the attractions was so overgrown with weeds that Disney ordered place placards around With Latin names on them. He was essentially disguising the Shrubbery as an arboretum, of course everything improved with time and Disneyland became one of the most visited and successful theme parks in the world when looking at visitor stats Disney realized that only a small fraction came from the West Coast. That's when he got the idea of building a sister Park in Florida Disney World developed around the Prototype of futuristic. Perfect city called Epcot, but Walt Disney would not live to see his new dream come true for most of his adult life. He had been smoking three packs of unfiltered cigarettes every single day his daughter. And tried and failed to convince him to cut back. They reached a compromise it would at least smoke three packs of filtered cigarettes, but he just remove the filters behind Diane's back inevitably in 1966. Walt was diagnosed with lung cancer. He underwent surgery but due to post-operative complications while had a heart attack and died on December the 15th 1966 at the age of 65 contrary to popular and persistent rumors. His body was not cryogenically preserved and or hidden in a vault under Disneyland bolt was Employee cremated and his ashes were interred at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Los Angeles, California. So I hope you'll forgive me for stating the obvious but Walt Disney was and still is a controversial figure as is normal for somebody whose influence on the surrounding world and Society is larger than life personality. Like Disney will never be free from exaggeration slander and rumors or the opposite risk is to portray him exclusively in a saintly light for sure Walt Disney was not the fairest of Business Leaders not the most balanced of workplace bosses. Not the most level-headed. It when confronted with different political ideas, but it's also true that he did deliver a lasting impact on society culture and children through his Innovative work as well once said, I'd rather entertain and hope that people learn than teach and hope that people are entertained. So I really hope you enjoyed that one. As I said at the beginning it be great. If you left us a rating or review or ever get your podcasts, that would be cool. Maybe you're driving right now. Just remember to do that when you get home, that would be really cool of you if you want to say hi to me. Social media. I'm at Simon Whistler. That's just at Simon Whistler. No dot or anything in there on Twitter and Instagram and you know, maybe some other places in the future that depends on when you're listening to this, but it'll always be up Simon Ressler. So go check that out. And as always I'll see you next time.