Okay, here we go episode 1. which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that stuff and would we care to talk to them and my answer always is of course, we would love to and there's four or five girls. I'm talking to you right now sharing our story praying with them. Trying to let them know that they're not alone in this journey. So today I had the day off and the boys went to their meeting these for a little bit and just sitting here and thinking that just does the first thing that popped in my head was why not do a podcast because apparently they're in right now and we've done the blog we have a Blog but I haven't been on the blog for a while, but the podcast was just something that I thought why not like it just hit me I can tell her. Journey different segments and different times on that whole thing in one for half hour long thing, but tell our journey to the kids and what we had to go through so that others don't feel alone. And then my hope is if this goes well that I'll be able to have guests come on to share their different Journeys either with adoption or infertility or IVF or whatever so that way I can So my plan for this was to tell our story. Most of you know it some of you don't it's a crazy wild beautiful story. That we have on our journey to becoming parents and you know a lot of times when I get text messages messages and stuff. The people always essay, you know, if you don't feel like sharing or if you're not comfortable with sharing and I say, oh my gosh, if you know me, then, you know, I am an open book and you know the blog that I started I started it, you know in our journey to for infertility and had our first IVF gone through and work. We would have an eleven-year-old if our second IVF worked. We would have a ten-year-old and Parker will be 7 or he just turned seven in January. So it's been you know, seven to ten years since you know, we really did this and the blog and I publicly was very public with our in vitro. And then our Sarah gissy and then of course the adoption through Facebook and then through the blog but so a lot of people really I guess don't know our story or have heard from somebody else. Her story, so I wanted to make this so it's public. So hey, yes. I'm an open book. I would love to talk to you about what you're going through and let you know that you're not alone and let you know that I'm here. I've been there. I know what you're going through. We have really haven't updated the blog in a really long time, but it kind of ends at about a year ago with my boys, but you know, we first did the blog because when Charlie Going through infertility everything possible funny not funny. Terrible horrible that could happen happened to Charlie and I and I would tell the girls that work about it and the girls are like would just laugh and laugh and laugh and they're like, you've got to write a blog about this is so funny. So that was the content of the blog and the blog was is titled pray until something happens, which is push what we use through our entire infertility and then adoption, you know, we're going to pray until we get this baby no matter what no matter how we Have to get it, but that was what the blog was for. But when I started doing the blog, I really felt therapeutic. It was almost like word vomit on to the computer screen and it helped me so much and it really didn't turn out to be funny as much as it turned out to be I opening I guess the people see him what we went through and what we're going through and how difficult it is and how hard it is and it gave people away instead of, you know, asking us, you know every day when we were going to have People would know okay where they're going through infertility and they could follow our journey without having to constantly ask us if we're pregnant or not and what's going on and all that stuff. So that's really what the blog was for and it turned out to be very therapeutic for me and I hope therapeutic for other people who went through it who are able to read it and feel they weren't alone. And then of course when we met Parker's birth mom Andrea, it was a way for her to be able to follow our journey to she got to go back and read the blog. Log and see everything that we went through before we got Parker and we kind of kept up a little bit with her through that blog. So I feel like it I feel like I had multiple uses other than just for me therapeutic. I think it was therapeutic for everybody. And then of course, I would share it on Facebook and then I feel like people can really follow our journey. Through infertility IVF IU eyes switch and doctors IVF again with surrogate the surrogate being my mom is getting both implanted that both getting pregnant. Then this carrying then adoption then finding out we were pregnant not only once but twice and where we are and I say that all the time that's Maddox another sweet little angel. It's going to be really difficult. I feel like to do this podcast with boys because they're always pray. To be in the background which is fine. They're beautiful babies. So I feel like you know doing the blog and putting on Facebook, we made our journey public and for that I was thankful and not thankful for it. The the blessing that it gave me was that we were able to share our faith in God our faith in his timing our faith in waiting our faith in this journey. And I felt like because we did it publicly that however, I reacted to the yes or the note were pregnant or not pregnant would maybe could stray somebody into how they view God, you know, if we ended up not being pregnant and I was all woe is me and I'm you know, this is God's fault. And why would he do this to me? And he's a you know a God that doesn't care. then that was going to give somebody else the Example that they believe that to they believe that well, yes, if you know, they can't have a baby then. Yes. He is a bad God and well, why would you want to follow somebody like that versus if we did get that negative and we said, you know what this isn't God's plan. We still love him. We still trust in him and we still believe in him then that maybe people who were on the fence about it or didn't understand. Hey, why would you want to love a God that didn't bless you with the kid, or why would you know, why would you be? With a God who didn't let you carry the children through, you know, we felt like our faith was just going to was just constantly being tested not only between us but people who are watching us, which it also had its terrible heartbreak of when we did Miss Carrie. It was just really public. But like I said, I feel like the whole journey was able to be like Gave other people. Hey, you know what, if you have any questions or anything go to Lindsey she's been there. She knows which comes full circle back to this podcast.