These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and Say very impressed by the program. They've put together and the continued support they have for the sports Tech ecosystem globally. So Tim and I discuss what he looks for in a himself in the rest of the team at stadium looks for in successful startup Founders. We also talked about global investment Trends in sports technology space also looking into Esports and the growth and that so if you like to look at show notes and more episodes you can go to sports deck feed.com. We've been lucky enough to interview a number of the portfolio companies. Some of the co-founders and Founders from those companies over the last few months as part of sports take feed. So make sure I include some links there in the show notes that you can go to those other episodes definitely plenty of other episodes. We've had some good shots. Recently Troy Taylor us Ski and Snowboard couple of weeks ago. Dr. Helen son CTO of stats perform and last week Sam James from Val performance, and it was always if you'd like to get in touch you can find contactees Isles on Sports take feed.com always like to hear from Is with suggestions for show guests or just other General suggestions, and lastly. If you are a sports Tech entrepreneur founder or small business looking to make that leap either internationally or the next growth phase with investment then please get in touch with this Thomas at sports tick fee.com or Thomas at Voom rho v. Um ero.com. We do have services that assist with business development and Market entry. So happy to discuss that how we can help. But now it's over to Tim Hayden talking all things Sports Investments and stadia Ventures. Welcome to sports take fade Tim Hayden co-founder and managing director of steady aventures. Great to have you joining us on the show. Thanks for having me Thomas. Truly appreciate it. That's great. So a couple of weeks ago only two weeks ago. Now I was in Saint Louis judging at your demo day. So your final step demo day for study Ventures accelerator and I say accelerated because I kind of learned on the day or found out the Nuance of it more that you're not just an accelerated. There's lots of little pieces too. Study of ancient puzzle, but do you over to you to kind of explain who is Satya Ventures and what you do appreciate Thomas so so yes, so we are a the end of the day. We're Venture Capital firm. We believe our main focuses around Sports nice Sports and really what drives a lot of our deal flow and really our love is the accelerator program. So if you want to think of it along lines of hey, it's a like an Executive MBA program for Founders, but in our case we We really pride ourselves on working with startups in the sports esport space that already have a product and Market or a very close to it and they already have traction traction could either be pilot programs and or Revenue up to three million dollars and so we've been doing this now for four years actually about four and a half now, we're about ready to enter our tenth cohort. We've invested in over 40 companies that have come through the program and five have already been acquired by groups like Live Nation and Ticketmaster and flare systems, but we are holistic Sports an Esports great. So it talking specifically about the the accelerator part. What does that process look like sure. So so we will receive applications twice a year. We run a fall program and a spring program will occur is is applications in this last go-around. We ended up with hundreds of applications from 50 different countries. We will narrow that that field down down to get to about 10 and the 10 we will invite into a finalist pitch day. So some are like a shark tank or Dragons Den but instead of four dragons or four sharks will have over a hundred and forty senior Sports me Sports editors that fly in from around the world just to sit on the judging panel. So it'll be the heads of innovation for Major League Baseball or the CMO of the NHL or folks from the NFL and NBA and across the pond. It'll be you know you a far English Premier or just Number and then rolling down into the team environment and then from the teams obviously moving over to the brands and the brands will end up being like Under Armour and Nike and Adidas New Balance Wilson. So our goal is to bring in as many really good smart people into this mix to help us evaluate once we get through that process. So you are judge in that process. Well, then take all that due diligence all that material. And what will do is Will synthesize that along with a lot of other material and determine what are the four to six companies are we? An investor and will invest up to $100,000 into those four to six companies. And then what we'll do is assemble a mentor team a four to six person Mentor team of senior Business Leaders that are experts in areas where the founders are weaker so areas where we can truly help improve the company rather than just kind of putting good people around good people and during this 14-week program in it's like an Executive MBA program every other week. So it's really 7 live sessions where the founders will fly in on a Wednesday morning and they'll fly out on a Friday evening and while they're with us during those two and a half days. It is extremely intense and focused with the mentor teams. It's extremely focused with guest speakers that are fly-in. So we'll have two to four guest speakers again senior leaders in sports and sports that are fly in from around the world. So it'll be there's the head of football ministration for Real Madrid. Here's the CEO of US soccer. Here's the Owner of the Tampa Bay Lightning the head of innovation for Under Armour just to sit around a table with that cohort to discuss their business and what are the business needs of each of these guest speakers and then halfway through the program usually about session three or four we will then turn on the business development faucet or the fire hose is we refer to it. So our goal is we want to be able to undo a one introduce our Founders to at least 20 to 30 potential clients. With one phone call forget the rest of our Network. Yep. Our network is about 4,000 strong, but we really want to focus it in on with one phone call. We can introduce them to at least 20 to 30 and eventually they make it through to the end of the program at the end of the 14th week in the seventh live session and will hold a demo day. So like a better word a big ol celebration where we get to drink and have a good time that they actually made it through and after the program. It really doesn't end. I always joke with everybody I'm half-italian. So once you marry into the family Never get out. And so with that each of the cohort companies in the co-founders will stay with us during the entire duration of their life. So we're very hyper focused on this family environment with not only the cohort but then also the network that we have at our at our fingertips. So does that make you the the done the Godfather of the no study study adventure sports family its first time he's on the day of my daughter's demo day. I love that. I love that. Never been brought up before but no no, we have plenty of doubt this helpful. Make sure yeah someone with the demo died in that process we talked about so you do the initial investment as they come on board in the accelerator and then obviously as a venture fund that is Following throw and and I assume it'll leading or co-investing on subsequent rounds. Yes, and that's a great question. So our original fund this is where in our second fund our stadia growth fund. The original fun was dedicated really just to make an initial investment. And then with whatever we had at the end of the year, we would then do a follow-on investment into a couple of the companies the those that we thought could really take it to the next level. We were here. Realized very early on that quite a few of our companies were excelling at it's such a accelerating at such a pace that they really needed that extra oomph. And so instead of having a you know, a traditional for five-year fund. We actually shut ours down two and a half years early and launched a new fund to allow us more bandwidth. So the Anu fund is really set up to invest in the accelerator companies coming through to do meaningful follow-on funding that In track through the life of the company and then also to make direct Investments outside of the accelerator where we're seeing, you know, where the accelerator is more early stage, you know, not Pilots but you know pilot programs to generating Revenue to a certain level could be like a seed stage or late seed. Well, we're also looking at direct Investments of hey late seed series a even getting into Series be so that's really where our Focus has been on with this new fund, but Ali with the idea to make more meaningful impactful Investments after the program is over for the cohort members. Yeah, definitely and that's something that we'll talk about a little bit more about that growth that you've seen in stadia and its involvement and then also a parallel with the growth of the sports technology in sports and investment landscape, but how did all this before each over that? How did it all this get started? So how many years have you been going? How did it all kind of kick off? Yeah, so we We've been in the industry for a way too long. So I'll start with I'll start with the other co-founding partner. So aren't you used to lead Innovation for Rollins for 10 years ran Innovation for Titleist for seven before that my side of the house as my wife likes to say I keep falling off the wagon. I keep starting Sports businesses. So since 2003 I've either started or helped to start seven different sports businesses. And in addition also helped to lead the at a St. Louis University, I led their Center for entrepreneurship. So the non-academic arm of the university and one of the top 10 programs in the nation around entrepreneurship. And so when art and I originally got together, it was really hate to say it was a bitch session. It was really on his side sharing. He's getting hit by thousands of entrepreneurs every year that are just trying to sell in their Wares and most do not belong in the space, but it's clogging up his entire desk his pipeline of what he can be doing within his organization. And on my side I'm like man. I know 500 years right now that are so good. If they could cut through all that clutter, they could actually transform some of these big businesses on both the you know could be on the manufacturing and Retail side. It could be on the team side. It could be on the league Federation side. And so the Genesis of the idea of stadia was how do we more efficiently move Innovation from the really good stuff co-founding startups to the really good industry folks. And then also, how do we layer in the really good investors? Is that to be honest they loved invest but usually Trends towards technology or health care or fintech or construction real estate, but the passion is sports reason why they don't invest in sports is because they don't know how to see a true Roi and so our job was how do we grow This Global Sports Innovation Hub where we're bringing in the entrepreneurs the good ones and the and the the industry folks the really good ones and then the investor folks the really good ones and let them all drive forward. Then also let them get to know each other as well in this ecosystem that we've already, you know, it's been out there forever. It's just kind of pulling it all together all the different threads. Is that a is that a nice way of saying herding cats? It is herding cats. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's hurting good cats. So they look at sex. That's yes a good kind once it's those that want to be heard. It is a better way of putting it and it's funny is like like yourself coming in to be a judge what? You end up finding is you'll want to come back Time After Time part of its to see the the next generation of startups. But the other part is to catch up with all the people in the room. Like there were a hundred and forty senior Sports and sports leaders on the judging panel. It's to come back and that camaraderie and get to know and share best practices. And that's this entire cat ecosystem. If you will that we're really trying to cultivate. Yeah. Definitely. I think we'll pop the cat metaphor or simile analogy. Long, so that's how long you've been going for when did this and how long did it take from I guess parallels with an actual actual product producing startup idea, you know refinement launch. How is how is that process? We are like we are building a plane while in midair. So I would say we started Let's see we started in 2015 art and I actually met at the end of 14 by September of 2015 we launched our first cohort so we had already started to raise the fund to be able to support that first cohort and then to continue on so let's call that about four and a half years ago is like this will be our tenth cohort. So we are quickly approaching our fifth year and I will say it's been an evolution, you know, it started with I was joking started with art and Tim in a garage and now we are literally at stadia 3.0 which is now we have Legitimate fund SEC compliant audited financials. We have a group of managing directors helping to drive that all forward who are more experts in that space. We have like Joe Penna on the puns fun side helping to drive all of the organization around that we have Brandon Janoski as a managing director now as well who is helping to drive the pipeline of startups but is also our are what we refer to them as our cohort Whisperer. So he is the portfolio whisper always involved in every one of the companies and then we have Bill Powell who joined us as a managing director who's really helping us one day expand out. So it allowed us to expand down to Dallas, Texas Frisco, Texas. We're also expanded out to Denver Colorado and he's brought in a lot of the family office and more of the big investment Community side of things but also the international component so we have now done programs over in London and we've been invited into all sorts of different countries and cities around the world to now kind of spread this this If you will, yeah, definitely and got to give a shout out to Mike as well who's running a logistics is exactly. Yep. So you got Mike Bynum who really is now taking over the entire accelerator program not only is the to dude MBA out of Washington University in st. Louis but is also X military interrogator Special Forces side of things. So as we like to say you don't mess with my body does the nicest guy you'll make also like let's say yes. Yes. Exactly and then also with that and then we also brought in another gentleman Alex Chalmers who's now helping lead all of our corporate partnership efforts. So there's it literally is moved from just this stadia 1.0 of Art and Tim to now this full bloom team that is really One Singular focus of a how do we help find the best startups? How do we help her them through the system and then how do we get them out there to our entire friends are our stadia family of four thousand. 5,000 strong senior Sports and Esports leaders around the world. So it really is kind of cultivating this ecosystem. Right and that's probably a good point too. So that's the evolution of stadia as the as the fund is the accelerator is the as the entity how have you saying the evolution of sports Tech startups that are applying so the kind of deal flow that you're seeing and then on the other end when they're kind of spitting out the exits and kind of growth is it and I mean that By in terms of what they're what they're addressing in terms of problems what problem when they in what what area within this big amorphous term Sports. So if you can speak to to those two and any other Trends you've seen I was just so there's about a five-part question. So take it. However, you want. Yeah. Exactly. Let's take a look. Let's take it one at a time and help me. Okay a long night. Before I think that yourself on the back and you do a great job, I think to start with what we've really seen is in the five years in the 10 cohorts that we've now done there are startups all over the world. I mean these Founders are wicked smart. I mean it is it is fascinating to meet these and again it goes back to what we know. They're out there. It's just a question of getting to them and the network is the one that's and of bringing them to us or they're just hitting us straight out of left field, which is completely cool as cold cold cold applications, but I think the first thing off the bat is these entrepreneurs are R1 very Savvy some have been through it before some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people Willing to pay for that pain to go away. What we've seen consistently is they've taken old ways of doing things and figuring out new ways of putting it out there or they've been able to take very big Concepts and distill it down to a very simple elements that people truly understand. I mean I look at just our last cohort in the fall we had live styled which is now real life Tech out of the UK. It's the central nervous system for a stadium. So what they've done done is they've taken 50 to 60 different data components areas that are pulling in data within a stadium. So it could be Wi-Fi could be POS could be around ticket sales. It's pulling all that data social and everything and then it's compiling that in real time turning around and saying okay to a team owner. Hey and your Stadium right now sitting in this seat. This person is ready to buy a well. They may have certain wealth. So forget the Hat they want an autographed jersey or forget that they had five. Before they're ready for a six beer and they're ready because they're ready to buy it for the whole the whole row. And so they are currently they have 60 of the top stadiums in the world already utilizing this system. Now, that's big data that they have now figured out a way to distill this down to some very simple decision points. So it gets us out of this very broad area of collecting data and now into very simple terms, but I think the Common Thread always comes back to and They're all persistent. They know exactly what direction they're wanting to go, but they do take mentorship and our goal always with our mentors is the mentors have to be experts in areas where they're weakest. So that therefore they the founders will accept this advice from five letter word an old sage or a Gray beard or something. And so that's I think the first component what was your second part of that? I've got it is what know what in terms of it. So that's that's the thread that runs through. All of the founders in terms of prerequisite for success is is that persistence and that dogged determination and focus on the problem that is solving have their being Trends in terms of the industry area or sub-industry area. The startups are addressing. So I imagine the past few years is more Esports than there was five years ago for instance or more around things that are in human performance things that are more We're in the business of sports. We seeing analytics so we see in terms of that big broad Sports and then say sports technology ecosystem. Is there a trend in the type of companies that are coming through? Yeah. I think you said it perfectly Thomas. It's my answer right there. No, I think I think with with with the bigger trends that were kind of seeing and again, we are we're looking at a global audience and yet what we find is a lot of the international companies are wanting to break into the US market. Just because we have more density of at the pro level at the amateur level Collegiate level and then Youth Level side. So we are seeing trends of Internationals wanting to break into the u.s. So that's one big one. Second one is around industry side of things. So you're exactly right. I mean Esports Esports and video gaming has now in the US has now surpassed traditional Sports in Revenue generation is the most mind-boggling stats still so few people truly understand and it's not an irreversible. It's not going to reverse it is irreversible. So the power in Esports is fascinating and so we are seeing actually a lot of our traditional Sports portfolio companies that you know, they were already working in the pros and blah blah blah. They're actually looking at making a shift into Esports very quickly. Some of them have actually put more emphasis on Esports than in their traditional Sports models. So we will continue to see that the next one will end up seeing is obviously you're going to the buzz words are all about, you know, whether it's a RV ER whether it's AI or machine learning. Ml. Those will always be big things but we're really starting to see as well going back to the original is but it's how do you take all that data? And how do you simplify it and that's going to be big things because that's when truly decision-making can happen on the player performance side will always be playing there. But now take that you have all this data. Who should I be putting on the pitch? Who should I be putting on the ice or not based off of data that instead of me having to go through all the data? It's not providing me instant decisions or choices that I could be I could be making the other one's going to be gambling get a sports betting in the u.s. It's funny because u.s. Is really one of the last bastions of not having sports betting as prolific as you know out there and so we're going to see a lot more in that space. We're already seeing a lot of groups coming in from the UK and Asia and other areas that are looking to figure out how do they make their Mark in the US? Before it actually becomes a States like a complete. I United States oriented and then the last one is going to be again that International component this group of final 10 the top 10, they came from seven different companies seven different countries. Slovakia was represented and their technology was around hockey technology instead of tape on the end of a stick hockey stick. It was a sticker that goes on with technology and I use technology Loosely but a truly Is on Advanced Materials in that sticker that's going on the end of the stick. I mean we keep being blown away by where people are coming from from both Geographic but also from the angles that they are finding Solutions. Yeah. Definitely. I think some of the companies that we've had that have gone through your either pitched or have already gone through your cohorts. So we had Kaylee Wilson from Blinder, which is a video solution for yeah. Great great guy again good. As you said good people connect them good people. So we've no Callie for a while. And that's the video solution that for anyone that wants go back and listen the episode. I'll put a link in the show notes, but basically directly and securely connecting players and teams to their fans and to Media so really interesting solution that came out of his role working in sports media and saying there's a there's a bit. There's a big problem here. Let's go do it so that and then we've had Adam White from Edge. Who pitched just recently so autumn automating contracts and player payments for Esports? So really interesting where it's this huge industry the growth of Esports and then you go. Well, that's that's a problem. You know that that's a problem this unique problem. It's kind of that whole selling. What is it mining pics to minors. It's not all just Esports. All right, we're going to dump some money into this. It's going well. There's unique situations unique problems. How can you then add value to that? Ecosystem. So yeah, they're just two examples of of interesting companies that have come through and it's funny because in you hit on it perfectly about our thesis. We will not invest in teams. Like we won't buy a team we will not invest in the facilities or real estate. We will not our investment is in the picks its who is making the pics who's doing the infrastructure behind all this stuff and then what you'll find is not only do the pics work in this certain area of sports. It can work in Esports. Then you also find in so many cases are our portfolio companies. It'll work in military and in construction and in health care and in fintech like they are literally platforms that can move outside of sports sports is kind of their first toe in the water. And is that something that you look for as well that it's that Founders understand that Sports is a massive area. But ultimately it is a limited area in terms of if you really want to scale beyond that. Is that something that you Want Founders to be aware of so what we the way we end up saying it is we want to expose them to as much stuff so they don't need to know about it. But what they need to do is understand when they come to us or going to help them in this sport space, but it's also our job to help them understand what other opportunities are in the future and then to help guide them on what path they want to take. So a perfect example, we had a group called Focus motion. It was it came out of the Dodgers accelerator Kobe Bryant had invested their several other players that are invested. And they got to us it was sports sports sports. It was a think of it like a smart knee brace or smart item. That would be used on joints and alerts the medical staff to hey, are you actually doing the rehab are you actually doing and how's your motion going without ever stepping foot back in the office? And so as soon as they sat with us after the first session with the mentor team Mentor team came out and said this isn't Just Sports. This is medical. And so that next session. We had an entirely new mentor. Um surrounding cavan the founder of focus motion and it was more medical device Centric still had sports, but now you had this medical device. So his Revenue has skyrocketed because of just a slight not I don't want to call it a pivot just a slight move over to the left while you're still going sports, but now you're in physical therapy space now you're in performance space so on and so forth. So I love it. You're right. There's so much other opportunities out there besides Just Sports and that's something as well put a link to another site that We did with bowel performance who in with I think pretty much every single major league team across NFL MLB or that if you're in the human form space, you've known them for sex and stuff like that and you're looking to the Future and they're going well aging populations in most first world economies. How can we kind of get in on this? It's not they're not throwing out Sports and say we're not going to do this. It's always that market and also you get the halo effect. If you are going to go for consumers prosumers people want to wear what they see if LeBrons wearing it. It in the same way that that Nike or any other Nike any other apparel brand it's also true for sports performance. So it's very interesting and you mentioned that the LA Dodgers accelerator, which I think is now called Global Sports Venture Studios with RGA. Yep out of La so that's an example of another Sports deck and sports accelerator. What makes stadia Ventures different from the many others out there and also the kind of The ones that are being added almost feels like every day now there's a anyone else it is too funny. So here's what I'll end up saying. I tell everybody this we're like Switzerland. We will play well with everybody. So the Dodgers were friends with the folks over at Dodgers and RGA mlse Mabley Sports entertainment when they were talking about creating that we help them actually walk through what we do and trying to help them on that 76ers when they were creating their Innovation Labs. Same thing sport Tech Ireland. I mean the list kind of keeps Going on and on what we end up saying is this there are so many good entrepreneurs that are out there in our space. We can only accept four to six of them which cohort and help them. So at the end of the day we do not want to take away from any entrepreneurs opportunity. So if it's a better fit say over at the Dodgers are over at mlse or something else, we would be more than happy to help push them over there. Right? And so I've got to ask this this is you may lose your title of the Dawn be Godfather, but I lost a long time ago man. No picking your favorite child. So who is the best favorite year you think whatever team that you've seen in terms of co-founders company that you've seen go through the cohorts. How many were up to now? So five years four to six weeks 30-something absolutely have we have 40 companies that have come through 40 will have another example of another four to six that I'll be announced in the next few weeks for our spring cohort. So that's a tough one. And here's what I'll say. It's tough. If it's because it is kind of like each one is your baby and this is not a political kind of thing. I will tell you if they suck and you know, they know I will say that I think I'm not asking you to do that. I'm not asking for my education background side of things like running the center for entrepreneurship at the end of the day. We want to help every entrepreneur realize their dreams and in the sport space. It's a little Easier because of our Network we always go back to Art and I being in the industry 20 plus years each. We've made a lot of friends really haven't pissed anybody off those friends of all risen through the ranks and one of the common threads of the entire stadia family is they all want to give back like they all want to there's this opportunity to give back to the Next Generation because people help them get to where they're at, and they now want to kind of bring that back around and so I think part of this is every one of Startups that have come through our program have all had different strengths and weaknesses which kind of Blends them together and it's allowed us to help each one of them. So it's less on which one's the best ones now the easy thing to say as an investment shop as a venture shop is hey the five exits we already have and there will be more down the road those are our favorites. But at the end of the day it is it's their favorite star investors, but at the end of the day truly is our opportunity and ability and kind of honor to help each of them. Kind of come through whether it's extremely successful like an exit or it's just more lifestyle business kind of thing that helps them to continue down their path. So II hate to really like I literally went all full circle around you on that one, but you just really danced around that absolutely did. Yeah, it wasn't. Yeah. No, no. You've got this where's the next Evolution and me reading that was the next evolution in sports investing? Yeah. So I think the first one is from a stadium perspective planting the flag in more International locations. The nice part is our Network our family extends across the entire world. I mean, obviously the folks like yourselves and then you end up obviously throughout the UK. Ireland included in that and obviously England and then you end up in Asia and then you end up in China and in Africa and it just kind of keeps moving out. So I think with what we're looking at is one is let's consistently keep our base strong like we need to be helping entrepreneurs at the end of the day. We are a venture firm. So we're looking at ways that we can return investment and returns to our investors. But the second part is we started this up last year as we did a series of Road shows outside of the States in London was the biggest and the best one. So we're going to be looking at doing more of that and it's really an opportunity to pull together the local community of sports and Esports leaders around the startup community. And then also an opportunity for us to inject here is what we're seeing like here our portfolio companies. So our London event last summer was tremendous because you know the NFL and the NHL came over with us, and then at one of the events that we had an evening social we ended up with I mean there must have been about 380 senior Sports and youth sports leaders just from the UK Market all coming together. And in many cases they may not have known each other before or they haven't seen each other in a long time. So we see ourselves always constantly AS Global Sports Innovation Hub. So our position will be the Let's Travel. Let's take this on the road. So yeah, the the globalization I guess the world becoming a smaller piece. Yep place when it comes to investment but also Solutions that's that's what I always say about the beauty of Beauty of sports and that's what we see ourselves positioning as the kind of glue and the global Sports technology Community because Sports effect at its fundamental point of view. If you kind of have a thesis and Ethos around Sports is that it's a unifying Human Experience something that's reminded every four years with the Olympics. But also just the reactions that people have to watching their favorite team and that can be kabardian in India. It can be badminton and In Malaysia, it can be Australian Rules Football and in Melbourne my hometown it can be ice hockey in Saint Louis. It can be Premier League football in or even lower league football. I think in the UK is probably where you get the more DieHard fans, but it's that reaction and then so if you has Solutions in sports, you're ultimately dealing with people and most of it is understanding human behavior human physiology, and that doesn't change. Change certainly certainly business models that change around that and you want answers and who your customers are but it's something that's fundamental to sport at the end of the day a fan is a fan and now it's just an opportunity to help them have a better experience. Definitely. So that is a beautiful segue and it's great and it's almost like we planned this and what is your favorite sporting moment of all time Tim? I've been lucky. At World Series I'd have to say it was actually a baseball game my uncle and my dad ended up taking me when I was 10 years old to a Cardinals baseball game and and it's funny because this one moment actually started one me into sports and to my very first startup, but it was the Backup backup catcher in the bottom of the 12th inning in st. Louis in August. I mean, it's hot as all hell and St. Louis anyway, but in August, it's even more humid and hot But after four hours in the sun The Backup backup catcher on third base with two strikes and two outs on the current batter decides to steal home. There's Backup backup catcher was old and had really bad knees not only did not only did the Cardinals not know he was going to steal home the pitcher and The Catcher And the Umpire nobody had any idea. He literally just ran home. And by the time that the pitch made it to home plate there was a massive Collision of this guy stumbling down Third Base takes out the batter takes out the Catcher takes out the Umpire and the Umpire jumps up and calls this Backup backup catcher safe at home plate that one moment and that winning of that game ended up moving the Cardinals into the playoffs and this occurred in 1982. So it also went on to the allowing them to win the World Series. So that moment actually was a Genesis for my first startup which was why why is the best seat in the stadium actually on your couch at home at that? Moment everybody at home and seeing instant replays from all these different camera angles and we're in the stadium just hanging out just celebrating like crazy, but we saw it one time. And so so there's that that is probably my favorite moment of my life and testing. All right, we'll we'll see if we get some footage of that. So the folks at home. Can I have the best seat in the house as he said and ran with it, but got to say thank you so much Tim for sharing your expertise with us and sports sick feed. It's been great to have you involved in also looking forward to being involved in study of age. In the future Thomas, I truly appreciate it man. And seriously continue on doing what you're doing because this really is great. It's a great opportunity for the audience to continue to learn how you can discount literally everything I said, but but uh, but this this kind of stuff is really what brings the power to the rest of the audience and stuff. So, please do you're doing a great job with this. Thank you. There. You have it Tim Hayden from stadia Ventures. As I mentioned one of the nicest guys in the sports Tech ecosystem. It's a very small community. So always great to have the stadia group involved great bunch of people and doing some really good stuff to grow the community globally as always you can check out Sports take feed.com for show notes and episode listings. I'll also make sure I include some links to those previous episodes that we've had with stadia cohort companies until next week. I've been your host Thomas alone's thanks for being involved.