Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters every day by Jake not on John's sieracki. And I think I probably told you about this book today you definitely did. Yeah. Yeah. It was the first time I'd heard of the whole any of the Jake nap stuff because after this I bought his books print and it hugely changed how I process. Is my my client work and stuff. So I was really on board. I actually bought Sprint before I bought make time because I was just like kind of researching an online and stuff and because of Sprint having such an impact in how I work. I thought we'll make time that definitely is going to be good as well. So you definitely recommend it to me. Yeah, and I came across this on an article I think is like a medium article and it was one of the tactics had been turned into An article for medium and I think it was it was the burner one wood burner list. Yeah, which is really low analog. It is quick. It's easy and you know, it was going to take me a huge amount. I was like, oh I'll give this a go and I started doing it and it really worked mum. I just I ended up I think I probably signed up to the email list for the book in the end and I really really like so tell us about make time. There's it's like a system really, isn't it? Tell us about it in what you understand this book to be. Yeah, so it is it you know what it is. It's a gathering of strategies which under a framework which I really really love like my favorite. I hope the I have the book in my hand here. I hope it's not making too much noise, but are most like my absolute favorite quality of this book is that it's descriptive verses prescriptive. Yeah. So you have your framework like you choose your highlight your laser. Guess you energized and you reflect and you know your kind of energizing throughout it, but it's I just think it's so nice the way they acknowledge the fact that there's these two guys who've written this book together. And I think it's a total of like 87 tactics as ice literally just check now. Yeah 87 tactics under the four different parts of the framework actually under the three different parts of the framework the reflections just reflect. And what you know Dave knowledge the fact that well this worked for Jake and he really likes that but actually I'd prefer to do it this way, you know, so it's not it's an entire experiment. Yeah, you do things and you know and I can it says like there's three hypotheses. There's the Highlight hypothesis that if you said a single intention at the start of each day, we predict you'll be more satisfied. Joyful and effective the laser hypothesis if you create barriers Around the busy bandwagon and the infinity pools which will extend second. We predict your focus your attention like a laser beam and then they energize hypothesis. If you live a little bit more like a prehistoric human we predict you will and enhance your mental and physical energy and that's just kind of, you know, looking after your body and your brain, but the thing is they say like the tactics are 87 experiments for testing the hypotheses. We've tried them on ourselves. But only you can test them on you. So, you know kind of turns. Get into this set of kind of fun experiments and they're not not saying right. Will you have to do it exactly this way and you know, and it let it it puts the power on the autonomy back in a purse. Like I mean time management is one of the absolute biggest thorns in a lot of people's eyes whether you are an employer or an employee or you work for yourself, but you know, We can waste so much time trying to do the way such and such Dennis, you know, we get to like this kind of like prescriptive thing and you have to be able to tune it into yourself and I love that they acknowledge that straight away and they acknowledge the fact that you know, the two these two guys right in this they come from very similar backgrounds, but yet they have different approaches to how they do things that they're very honest about that as well. Another thing that I loved about it, like literally like just what you said. There's a lot of other very much more prescriptive approaches out there and they talk about a lot of these they talk about productivity being a dirty word for a start and all of these kind of your ideal most productive day. They're from these superhuman people like Tim Ferriss who just have a skill in just kind of dedicating themselves to a thing which for the normal person is not necessarily very Because these are like superhuman people are able to do all of this stuff and have dedicated their entire life to you know, their highlight or whatever. So I love that they kind of they start they talk about that at the very beginning that this is actually for everyone and it's not there's just one way of doing it like Tim Ferriss or yeah, I don't know. It just occurred to me as you were saying that like Tim Ferriss is like the Beyonce of business it is hang out like Solutely doesn't staff and the money exactly the same, you know, even like I mean, I read four hour work week and I did really enjoy it and I liked a lot of the principles but at the same time like he had a he had a team like straight away on a like in a call center or Madden emails or whatever, you know mean he put He had to put in a huge investment in order to be able to like Financial investment in order to be able to get to that I can. Fake off and check my emails once a week like that took that's Grand if you have other people to take care of it, but if you're bootstrapping if it's just you you can't afford to check your emails once a week. Like that's not how you build a business, you know, and so there's like, you know, so yeah Tim Ferriss is the Beyonce of women now and like that make time is kind of made me look at other books or other resources out there. And like Tim Ferriss obviously comes up straight away because he's 4-Hour workweek book is there but I'm not sure if Nick time opened the door for these kind of books for me, but I've read a couple of other books that really complement what they talk about or I think maybe that Jake nap and John Surratt ski, maybe read these other books and they were informed by that like there's essentialism is this fantastic book that I just read and rework. You know that Jason freed. And Basecamp dudes and the power of moments. You know that book The these are all these other books that really kind of were opened up. I don't know. I think they're even recommended. You know, when you buy a book it recommends similar books. Maybe that's how I came across them. And but it's like it's all in comparison to this book make time, which is just it's so different in that. It's just kind of try this not that this is what you need to be doing to become the thing which is what I love but about about make time. So do you There any of these 87 exercises that you actually do do you do highlight laser energize do you do that kind of process? Yeah. Well, that's kind of it's interesting that you brought up those other kind of complementary books and I am experimenting a little bit with do less at the moment. I think I feel like I might have mentioned it in the last hour. I think you did. Yeah, so Kate Northrup and it's basically it's around this idea of like planning your time on a larger-scale. Scale rather than on a daily basis that it's like a weekly or monthly kind of thing and it and it's really founded on the principle that you know, particularly as women. I suppose that we're kind of were very influenced by the lunar cycle and then we have our own sort of body Cycles Etc. And that's kind of that's kind of plane in quite nicely with this because I think the the beauty of make time is that Jake and John very much acknowledge their Humanity. Yeah, you know in a very positive Pharisees like, you know, well, I'm going off to travel the world and you know the kind of the know what the laptop lifestyle kind of thing that doesn't necessarily apply to me. Let's say and wouldn't apply to a lot of us, but I think the kind of the more a bit more kind of danger to Earth. So for me at the moment like I'm playing around with and Having a weekly kind of to-do list that I kind of take from each day. So I do I have three highlights for the week for business. Okay, and so it actually it's been a nice little reminder kind of going back to this book and come. I haven't really been doing the highlighting. One thing that I did do probably around the time that I read. The book was get rid of all of my phone notifications. Oh, yeah, so I get like Phone calls text messages on Whatsapp are the only notifications that I get and and it hurt that is quite the game changer and at the moment so they talked yes. I mentioned earlier they talk about these infinity pools. So that's the thing where like, you know infinite scroll. Yeah, like there's always something new every time you go into this website or app or whatever and one of my things at the moment like I'm Back into my Instagram a little bit. I'm you know, kind of learning to love it once more what the fact of the matter is. I'm just going in and having them read around and scrolling around and fruit for no good reason. Yeah like and as in like, this is something that I did this morning. I went to have a look but I set a timer on my watch or there's Clara like eight minutes and I was like because you know, the alarm goes off in the background just just took one more story or whatever. So it's like eight minutes, you know, and I have a timer. Set on that on my phone as well. So like I only have you know, depending on the day 15 minutes or a half an hour on this it like it's my big like time stock at the moment. It is like it's one of those infinity pools like there's a in the book as well. They talk about that every all of these apps and all of these little items of Technology. They're designed to keep your attention. They're literally have research and development departments that are dedicated to how can we get people to? Spend more time like this when that's why stories came up. We have to watch it before it goes away. I have to watch these things before they vanish and it's that they're literally designed to Sookie. And I mean I have the same thing with Instagram like I go in and it's like, oh I must connect those two people who are saying I would connect and then I just realized I've been here half an hour and I haven't done nothing I came to do. So, it's just like it's it's really and it's it goes back to what other Concepts as well of like living by default when you talk about it like you're just Stack reacting to stuff and like you're going with what's ahead of you instead of leading your own decisions in that so it's like I think question you can beat yourself exactly questioning. What's what actions you're taking? I think it's very easy to beat yourself up a bit like, oh, I just been an hour and Instagram, but it's literally that's what it's designed to do. So it's not your fault if it's hard to get out of it. If you do come to that realization then how do you address that? Is there you know, like I know I think on And they have like you can set timers for different apps and I know my phone I'm an Android but there is like a digital Wellness section in the setting of oh, yeah, but does that just tell you how long you did spend know? There's any notes time limiting? Yes. I think there might be some I don't know exactly but I do know that I have one on might like and it literally like it just the app just goes great and just can't access it. Oh, I didn't change their settings. Obviously, yeah, I don't generally but yeah, so going back to like some of the tactics definitely like the entire principle of having a highlight for each day is something that I'm going to go back to you and actually kind of yeah, look at a little bit, you know, just kind of pay attention to wool. Am I doing that her, you know, and another thing that I kind of thought I did take from it was a thing that I like I don't need. Get inbox zero every day and which is like they've got lovely little section on you know, because again email it's so easy to be busy in your inbox. Oh, it's so easy. Yeah. You know I and it's not really moving any needle forward a lot of the time so kind of you know scheduling email time. I use Boomerang. I think he's been running as well. I do I do like pause in the Inbox and that kind of crack is I just don't check it and just walk in there. Yeah. I'm just like Asians are of I use I use a Time tracking thing. I use toggle to track my time. So when I start you in tasks like that so you can kind of keep an eye. On the back, you know, I'll do it until it needs to be done. But it's 30 45 minutes at the most and kind of once a week maybe where I'm actually going in and just kind of clear and stuff out now again real life scenario at the moment. I subscribed to way too many things there in January when I was just kind of fashion around a bit on the internet. So now my inbox is like a war zone like that's something I kind of need to take care of soon. And another thing that I really liked. And this is again in the laser section like how to focus and exploding your highlight. So they talk about right so you get your highlights and maybe your highlighters like, you know, planning a big holiday, but you know, can you make like a little thing each day, but what I love about that is that just kind of like the words that they use and explosion highlight like it's fun, you know as opposed to like a breaker highlighter and into manageable chunks, you know, it's just like exploded and you know play with the Bits of it and it is that thing is like kind of bringing that more playful aspect into it, which I really like and then like the Energizer section. Oh my God, just all of it. Yeah, but the first one even in itself like it's called get woodsy together I think is very nice, but just walking through nature. Yeah. He talks about his dad and that when it's very nice. Yeah, and I'm like, I have a beautiful Woods that I only Really discovered. They're just kind of like the into the Autumn last year and and I just hadn't realized that I could access it. You know for I knew it was there but I didn't know that I could get in there for like a nail Tramp around and it's just so nice to go to a new place for a walk as well and but like even like where I live is quite like it's a you know, leafy suburbs kind of spot and the road that I'm on is quite traffic e and there's not a huge amount of trees, but if Go back into like kind of the more, you know, the smaller roads. There's a lot more tree. So I'll make sure that I go for my walks around there. Even if it's gonna take like 10 or 20 minutes, but the to be bird singing lovely like I'm so I'm obsessed with blue Cedars at the moment. So cedar trees are very similar to like the cypress trees, you know, they're Evergreens yet, but there's this blue cedar and it is like a blue color and there's a new bling it right now. It's so gorgeous and and put there's one of them like on that walk and then there's a couple of warnings. Yeah, but it's at least a beautiful background like photographs as I like it's gorgeous and what you know, like making sure the I kind of do those things in like even you know, getting the plants in the office and are you love your pants? I've got a few that I'm trying to mind up and then I pour my poor plants to just tell them I don't love them dearly. OK we have the same one. I think this guy here is the same as this. Figure with its this is like a like a water lily. No. No, it's not. It's not I don't know. I don't know what it is. It used to have those white things with the heads. And then there's one there at the minute. I think the only couple some I'm like, yeah. Yeah paying attention to these little guys, you know, it's I actually put it in my calendar that was today the 10th of the month. I have to water my plants mine just kind of just do this all of a sudden just go. Boo ya need me and then I have to go back and sometimes it could be two days. But this goes this brings us back onto the the make time thing about like really using your calendar. Yeah, and it's interesting. Like I heard John interviewed was this into to an interview with him recently who saying how it would be interesting if if there was a calendar that started full and so then when you were going to put something else in that you kind of have to go. Oh am I really as has to go am I willing to give this That's the thing that you get a colander and he said like your calendar is totally blank whether it's analog or digital, you know, you've got this white space and then we fill it up or we fill it up in a week North which is something I'm I can be quite good at and but the fact of the matter is like for me with my business if it's not in the calendar actually with my life, if it's not on the calendar, it just it doesn't happen. This is true. Yeah, so I use it like a nice mix like my Google Calendar is where all the like everything goes into. But then I write stuff, you know, like I've written out my week like I have that like the main events are all written on my my weekly kind of run down. So, you know, so you're kind of like that's the way I found that it works for me if I stick totally digital like I need a kind of a physical like pen to paper. Yeah works for me. You know, I think I think I'm in a similar way like I keep everything everything in my wooden single. Good calendar and I try not to put things other places because that's for me. It's too much headspace and I'm going to have to remember where I've written it and I have I tried to do morning Pages a couple days a week and I look at my calendar and I kind of notice how I'm feeling about upcoming things and use it as a kind of prompt for journaling almost so I'm kind of I look at my calendar on a Monday morning and I'll see am I feeling a little bit anxious about that thing am I feeling? what about that other thing do I feel like I have a lot to do for that other thing and I'll do a little journaling exercise about what's coming up in my calendar which just makes it makes me a little bit more prepared for the meetings that I have or the family stuff or the social stuff and it's just a way of making it more real for me, but it's like if I have it in several different places, I'll just attack you to stresses me out to have multiple places because I know on my Google Calendar, I'll have it on my Have it on my phone on my desktop and literally anywhere I can log into my email account. I can I can see it. So that's always reassuring for me. If somebody robbed my house tomorrow and all my devices were gone. I just have to log in and that's fine because I could get back to work tomorrow afternoon. There's been a space of robberies in our building eating very anxious about it. So I've got them. Yeah, I've gotten the kind of a little everything's okay. Everything's in the cloud. I don't have to worry I think about that. Well, hopefully it won't be and I hope but yeah it is that's a really interesting thing that you Journal around it because that's like it's a journal prompt leading to your calendar. But also you're like physical and emotional reactions to your calendar. That's really a Jasmine. I guess I started doing it like unintentionally. I was just doing it by default, you know this kind of concept of doing things by default and I just by default on a Monday morning. I'll just look at my week and see all of the things. I need to be doing and sometimes I'll do that before I do my morning pages on a Monday because I kind of only do my work morning Pages, maybe two or three times a week maximum and I noticed that like after I check my calendar and I was going into my morning pages. I was like, okay that meeting with what you call them is on whatever day and I'm just a bit concerned that they're stressed out and I'm taking on that stress or I'm just a bit concerned that the project is moving too fast or too slow or a dining table and I just kind of I think it out in the morning paid learning morning pages so that when I get to that meeting and I have almost prepared something to say so it's like this is how the project is going. I feel that maybe we need to revisit a certain aspect because we did you quickly or we need to kind of get past this aspect because we're not doing quickly enough and I just I feel like it's good for me so that I don't get stressed out about the service that I provide. And I think it's good for my clients as well because they can see I give a shit about their project as well and they can see that I'm trying to make it work as as well as possible, but it's basically for me to not feel anxious about 11:20 meetings and one week. Yeah, but you're processing all of it like that. Hmm. That's a really it's a really interesting way like for a lot of like a lot of dirt like morning Pages. It's like I think we're supposed to roll out of bed. Ed and just right so the yeah George me to co-op but a lot of journaling then like separate to that is kind of it's positioned as a reflective exercise. Yeah. That's what you're doing is you're making it into a sort of a pre-emptive like pre-task processing think yeah, which is really interesting. It's also it's like I mean a lot of this stuff like what I'm doing projects with people that like I'll have multiple projects on at once and they're all vastly different like mean they might all be for But who provide services but like Services can be anything, you know, and and I think it's just that I carry a lot of those ideas in my head. Like I might be what I for a walk or doing the shopping or something and idea will pop into my head and then I'll compete little peep completely go out of my head again until I do like a stream of consciousness of writing. There's a lot of my work it like it takes up a lot of my brain space most of the time and so it's good as a probably more the morning Pages exercise. I just met I mean that I sit and write what I thinking too much about it as many mornings as I can week, but that's I don't know the face for me not to do with the definition again to make it work for you though. It's making it work for me and it does work and I tend to buy just like a lovely book Triton as well. Got a lovely book makes it all the more pleasurable. And so the back back to back to to make time for a wee minute. So did you definitely do some of the exercises around email? And batching activities together. Did you ever do the like the distraction free phone whichever like uninstall a bunch of stuff so that your phone is basically maps and maps and colds. Yeah. I did try that and it wasn't it wasn't for me I suppose. I could have been a little bit more kind of disciplined with us. But then at the same time like I am in a put me in a space where I don't really use my phone that much like as I mentioned Instagram is definitely like an infinity pool that I am aware of for sure would like there isn't I don't check the news. I listen to the news on the radio now, so that's not infinity pool Facebook. I'm told you allergic to I don't use Twitter. LinkedIn I have it on my phone simply so that if I meet somebody out I can connect with something connected but I would never you. I mean, I want my check in on LinkedIn like once a week at the most kind of thing. So there isn't there isn't really any other things but it's interesting when I reach my limit my time limit on like for example Instagram I find myself looking at other apps then you know, like they say I'm like people do that like, you know, I've I've heard it. I think it was at interview with John's or ask. He's well he's saying how and someone who you turned his phone turned her phone into a distraction-free phone and she could tell you whether whether what the weather was like the first week, you know what the weather was like anywhere in the world because she just kept you know, she just had that paying for she needed to check because I was looking at your phone and doing something on your phone. Yeah. Yeah. So like I'm just trying to see if there's anything like that. I would kind of go into a check there isn't really But I do notice myself kind of picking up the phone and sometimes like especially over the weekend. I just delete an app, you know, I'll delete that's a good idea or I'll delete Instagram. Yeah, that was something I picked up from the my coach that I worked with at the moment Kristen. She will chew, you know, because sometimes you'll just kind of and you know, and it's now that I'm posting on my Instagram again, it's that thing where I know is I put a post up in like so many people like it and they Talked about like hiding the likes and everything. Yeah, but like, you know, I mean, it's just that it's an anxiety thing. It's like, oh I need to check and let's pop. Yeah, you know rewards thing. So yeah, like overall, I think it's the philosophy of my time that I really love which is here's the way we have both done it in different ways. Try it and see what works and is very much in line with our ethos around these conversations where it's like this is what I do. This is what You Claire do but we're not you know, it's always at that aim of kind of not being prescriptive which is kind of sharing what's worked for us, you know, which I think is really nice. And because we're not there's never a one size fits all yeah every show and it and it's it's but it's also being encouraged to explore is really important people reminded to explore which is which is a lovely you know, why we came back to this as actually Lovely reminder to yeah, maybe I need to go back and explore this little bit. Yeah, it's funny like just looking through it at the weekend. I was just like oh, yeah, I do that man. I do that man. Yeah, I think I think the one the biggest thing that I took away from it. Well, there is a bunch of things. I took away from it. But the idea of we feel like we should be productive and that's not necessarily we're not machines. I think it's a word that came up. Like it's an industrial revolution kind of thing. You need to produce more widgets per day. I think this is like something one of the talks that Jack nap does and and like the productivity if you consider it to be a negative reflex, it just it's a game changer really because it's not about producing all of the things reacting to all of the stuff that comes up it's about and this is where it comes in cue the Highlight. What's the most important thing was the most memorable thing and there's a partner that John sieracki talks about I think it was on going to say Chicago because I can't I might be Chicago he was in Chicago one winter and it was snowy and they all stayed in was just work and and it seemed that it was very routine routine every single day. Go to work. Do your work come home eat. Go to bed and he says he looked back on the months of winter. He couldn't remember anything. So he said like do is no highlights and this is like their inspiration and it's not about just doing your work and getting all of your emails answered and meeting one of your deadlines. It's about doing something that's a little bit more meaningful. He talks about working on his boat. This is lovely. This is it exactly that the highlights are not they don't all have to be work. It's not all work-related. Yeah, and it's kind of deciding, you know, and he gave another example of like there was one day he was going to like a baseball game or something demon with his family and friends over and he had the few things he needed to do that day. So he had the option of making one of those work tasks his highlight and focusing that or have the option of making this evening out this baseball game the highlight of the day make that the focus because that's happening. Anyway, it was something is really going to enjoy and then make sure That he got the other like really important tasks done. But that this was always going to be like this, you know, and again, it's that Humanity. It's like, you know some days your highlight and he even says like some days the Highlight is a work thing some days. It's a personal thing. Sometimes it's a difficult thing, you know, so it's kind of just, you know playing with that and that kind of goes back to the the do less philosophy of kind of yeah in a monthly cycle, you know, where there's you know parts of the the You're either your bodily or the lunar phase where you're more kind of inward looking and it's more about reflection and planning and then there's other parts of the cycle where it's more about kind of being out there and networking and you know, being more visible and you know, then the thing is you can't be all things up once bought this productivity hustle thing kind of makes us feel like we should yeah productivity. It's always like if I feel like I have to do more productivity Stuff. I'm like, hang on a second. I'm doing Lots but the most important thing we actually had a conversation about that that those kind of seasons in a year kind of thing. We were talking about that yesterday. We went for a run in the forest and it was like this like I don't run Trails like I don't run rocky roads, I usually like one roads and stuff and we went to the forest and it was like it was kind of this really, you know humid, but like cold humid like the clouds were like sitting on the ground. It was so nice. We were just talking I say we need my husband we weren't for this run and we're just saying, you know, what winter is really I mean, It's easy to say winter is really nice. When you live in the south of France. Sorry, but winter is so nice in that you don't. Feel all rushed and we were saying like we were together with the family like the cousins and my brother and sister-in-law and everybody at the weekend and we don't usually all sit in one space when it's hot outside or like when the weather is good because everybody's running around everywhere, but it was just like a cozy girl sitting around reading there was a fire and it was just that we didn't do anything in particular but it was a memorable time. So like not trying to achieve all the things. Just a slow at Wade and that's why winter is lovely in a way that you can just kind of chill and just not worry about all of that stuff. And it's like I don't know if that's a bit off point, but it was just really kind of nice moment that don't need to be doing stuff all don't like when there's like two little kids running around as well. They were like entertaining each other so you don't have to do entertaining stuff, but she's also life. Yeah, exactly and you know mean that winter season, you know back can play out in, you know, certain days of a week or you know across you know, it's not it's not just in winter. We can experience that kind of you know, and like that something for me and that has been a bit of a learning process is just learning to be still be quiet and oh, yeah not be in the doing you know, and the there's another there's a podcast that I really love to listen to and it's called hurry slowly. Oh, I like this. I like that. Yeah Jocelyn keg lie is the woman who he presented it. She's phenomenal. But one of the episodes she talks about and mentor and guide that she were to through us through this question of who are you would like to doing hmm. It's a big question. It's a very very there to doing the doing of your job the doing of the yeah, the Project's the things that are going on. Like if you strip away all of that who re you know, because like I'm I've always been very conscious of that thing, you know. Meet somebody new so what do you do? Like, I don't ask first thing. Yeah. I'm very like I don't you know, and if it is something that it's kind of come around your I'll try to ask it a different way. Like what do you do for work or like you know that it's just that little bit more it's like but it's not I'm not looking to find you density. Yeah. I think I think we're kind of ready to wrap it up. Anything else too? Well, the things that I what I did I loved about the book would like looking at the attractor distraction-free phone and acknowledging how distracting your phone can be like some of the strategies that we both implemented. It seems to be a lot of inbox and Social Media stuff that we kind of we kind of all zoomed into I like also that they talk about don't use fancy tools. You don't have to use fancy tools and you talk about the analog aspect of it which It's also something that I love fan of Inky pens and nice paper and some of the other one thing that I absolutely loved and I absolutely use from this which was hugely influential in how I work is setting expectations with people in terms of email. So like I tell people if you have an urgent request you can you can ask me like existing clients and stuff, but I will set the expectations with people like I only check my email twice a day. Day, and these are the two windows and if it doesn't feel like it needs to be replied to right away. It might be a day or two till I reply so as long as you've said that they can't be annoyed that if the you don't get back to them straight away. So apart from that I think make time is a great book to kind of have as a reference when you're hoping to just get more control and have more important work be done in your job in the That you do for yourself, but that be better similar take away too. Yeah, absolutely and you know remembering the humanity of it all the fact that we are solutions Claire. Where can we find you? Oh, you can go to Clare creative.com. I have a few productivity articles actually on my blog now that I think of it and so clear creative.com. It's where I have my articles and my business offerings and you can find me on Instagram, but don't spend too long. On Instagram, you know, just don't let it suck in unclear creative underscore come. What about you eating? Where can we find you online? Yeah, my Instagram is a fire child photography and my website is our child photography.com. Thanks a million. Okay. Well then it's done.