What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company energyne, you know, that's that's my solid memory right there for you at my super brain. Perfect recall anyways energy and they're doing experiments in space and shit goes wrong. Their rat turns into a giant monster kills everybody in the space station practically kills the girl going up to get the chicks or research. The chick is Bobby axelrod's wife from billions, you know, she's looking way finer and not one. She's like, no, you're not coming back down. I'm not unlocking the door until you get my research. So anyways in energy and they're exploiting this. It's called. Let's call. Oh. Damn it. I'm thinking so fast. Okay, I just had it in my mind. Okay. Anyways, it's a gene editing technology. So I did a lot gonna find it here. So I did a little bit of research. I looked it up and it's called the Forgive me here. Okay, it's called crispr crispr technology. Okay, and what crispr is it's actually real so it's going to get intense here. Crispr is a way to edit RNA which is a virus in order to infect the host to snip out pieces of the genetic code. Okay, all through RNA traditionally genetic modification had to happen through generations, right? I had to be the embryo had to be modified so that it was born with it, right, but now well, yes now, I've done my research and actually after doing my research was until what five five six days later. I get an Instagram at four. Jean script biotech Corp Instagram knows me. Well, they know just like in my the founding of stratospheric Innovations on medium. If you go check that out under Cody Vandervoort I get into detail about how an ad for Merida cam ended up being the reason that I ended up creating my company because it showed me. Hey, yeah, you can make single trip computer boards because I was like, I broke my computer and I was like damn it. How do I make computers? So cheap that I can just buy them. I mean that I can build them to break them, you know, and the next thing I know my iPhone is giving me an ad for single board computer that I didn't even know existed, but I was just like, you know, how do we make this? How do how do we do it iPhone next thing, you know, I get an ad for it, right? So same type of deal here couple years later though. This is pretty cool. a going deeply click the add like any good entrepreneur would do I click the ADD and I dig in so like I was saying crispr technology you're able to Create an algorithm through an RNA which is a virus to change the gene map and the gene sequence within an organism in the same life cycle. So rather than for example, genetically modified foods that happens over many life cycles. So currently the European Union, they don't want nothing to do with crisper Russia says they didn't want Russia's, you know can't who the fuck knows it doesn't even matter. Okay. All that matters is that us is going in Canada says, you know Canada is not stopping it. That's where I live. That's all that matters. And they want to sell me crispr technology right off the top they're like, hey, you don't even know how to do it yet bro, but you know 250 bucks will ship you some some technology so you can you can start screwing around. Okay, so that's That's our needle in the haystack to start now. We're going to thread it through. Okay, so I was watching strong Carol's mindscape really early because today I'm putting together my funnel with like 40 Grand worth of freaking shit, and I'm just going to sell it for 20 bucks as a lead magnet to recoup my head spins. So on the back end I can hit you with my 25 Grand coaching program as well as like a $1000 in the $7,000 thing to help you make money and anyways, so the front end is just a lead magnet, but it's really like the most intensely magnet ever because everybody else is selling all these individual programs for like thousand dollars plus and I'm just going to give way like 40 or 50 of them for 20 bucks. Okay, so it's going to be good. Anyways, putting that together today and putting that together last night. And fucking stay in back in my mom's garage because I moved back out of the damn Smoke Filled place. I was living for and remember I could have bought a Ferrari cash right now. I'm living this way because I chose I didn't I'd Venture Capital five six seven eight times now because I want my mind to be able to run free. Nobody can tell me what to do and I don't want to sell a piece of my company because I know I'm Be so much bigger than forgetting my valuation on myself as like a billion dollars or not ready? Like I'm not screwing around so I'm not going to go and take 250 grand for 15% of my company. That's a joke, you know, it sounded joke to who are offered it. I'm happy. They're out there to help everybody else. But this it's just not for me, you know, but the coaching program is so that I can help people like you guys on the other end. end We can co-founded a company together. You can go off and do the Venture Capital accelerator program get the company going. You can become the CEO of it and I'll just help you get it up from the ground up get that cash injected and I'll even like give you the idea to start the company and tell you everything to do and you just have to do it. So that's part of what my coaching program is anyways, so the crispr technology I have this disease is called hereditary neuropathy liability to pressure policy and we found out we I have this disease and my mother has this disease and it turns out that 50/50 of her offsprings will end up getting the disease as well, right? So I have two kids one of them probably has this. I'm pretty sure it's my daughter because she's always trying to better freaking likes her and shit, which reminds me gives me a good reason of to edit this out. I feel like an evil scientist. Now my mind's been going all over the place do okay. So anyways, um, I'm working on that earlier today and I'm like in the cold ass garage. My back's hurting shitty position on the table due to the fact that the computer that broke that made me start my company. I ended up going to open it because I trashed my my little blue HP, which needed a Revival needed me to make a boot drive and literally no one would give me or even come see me for like a month to make me a boot drive. So I'm like stuck with their computer and I'm trying to do all these giant things. This is like September October so I'm like, okay desperate and I'm like, you know, you could have said I might as well been insane because I was like, okay. Well, I'm just going to see if my broken computer works I go I plug it in and it works, you know, and I'm pretty sure it was just because I unscrewed everything and I loosened up the power cable on the inside which ended up just making a connection and it ended up charging so I could make the boot. Brought the other computer back to live anyway, so oh that was that was gross. I'm sorry anyways, so it was kind of working real fidgety though up until this weekend. I had to like move around the house. Because my step dad comes back he wants to go in his dojo here the garage. And my mom's at making me fucking move around the house and doing dumb shit. Can't sit no more. No worries my spot. So I'm moving around and moving around with my computer. And the reason I use this computer is because my other one only has you know, by the time you put the hardware on is Earth. No, the computer is the hardware by the time you put Windows on software with the operating system the OS it's only got like seven games left and they you touch a couple things and then boom you got like two three gigs left do something else wrong. You got no space left on the damn thing. Okay, and then that's why I tried to reset it. So I could have space on every time I've tried to reset it so far, which I did again last week the whole thing crashes, right and then Needs a boot drive. So got a boot off the other one. Anyways, the reason I had to watch on Carol's mindscape was because I got it on the table here in the garage as shitty position and I can't move it around now because the computer ended up breaking and now it's like, you know, maybe I'll upload the picture to Instagram of how Jimmy rigged it is. Like literally had me on my knees. Just praying praying to nobody just myself. L for fuck sakes that the computer wouldn't break. So I got like the power the in internal power jack in there is like on the side and literally like it's so Jimmy rigged that the the keyboards like popped right off and you can't move it or it's not going to charge and it's not going to turn back on but this thing has like a terabyte and it's I needed to work and I've been playing Destiny on it have I made that? Call on medium about cross cross playing between work and play and making across associations because it really helps if you make it on the same machine you. No, the only reason that I decided to do this cross Association as because I kind of came up with this Epiphany after watching Evan Carmichael's YouTube channel because it's all about entrepreneurial motivation and he's got like Tony Robbins all these Mark Cuban Jeff Bezos all at the beginning of their career when they're just young and they're like just talking when they're just starting out and shit and it's like real inspiring. So Jeff Bezos is like, yeah. Couple things that are recall from that is Jeffy. So this is like, oh it's so it's 1995 the year before I was born. He's like, it's so hard to buy people's attention these days and you know, it's not it's harder than ever to get people's attention. And so it's really hard to get people on the internet to buy my books and stuff. So it's a difficult challenge but we're working it away and I was like well has life ever changed. All I do is click on that and then the next thing is like I'm so we've got all these computers in the office and you know, the employees don't actually do work on the computers. They mostly just play games. So a few months later, I'm like Maybe I should just play games on my computer here. Don't make me work harder. I used to love playing games. And you know, I never went to sleep. All I did was play games. Some of my baby. Mama was pregnant with my kid. I'm like fuck that. I'm going to bed. I play my game do a little cooking. You know those were the days. So and my son, he's 5 years old and he's like literally he looks like Joe Rogan when he plays for tonight with his fucking forehead is hilariously the kids. So focused my little brother, he's for like he's six months younger than my son and he's ripping to but his forehead doesn't Flex as hard as funny but they both RIP just as hard as ever my little brother can't really talk and my son. He's like affluent teenager and he's just like Flex and so hard so I'm I was playing trying to play Fortnight, but I could only get like halfway through a game where like a through a game and I'd run out of ammo can shoot anybody and be stupid and I'm like, this is Dom. I don't like for it night for a night for kids. So I never liked it. But I was like going to play it one time. So it's going to open Steam. This is like two weeks ago three weeks ago and I was just over at smoke-filled fucking place and I was like, I gotta go to find this key right now open up and it's like like it shows Destiny. Okay last year, but Destiny on the Xbox 420 fucking nine dollars. The new Destiny Okay, and then ended up hockey my Xbox in the summertime so I could buy some ads for clickfunnels and I didn't even spend the money on clickfunnels ads. I like lost it on the foreign exchange because bigger opportunity that anyways, I seen that's me. I'm like you're fucking kidding me. It's on PC and it was free. So I was like, okay right on then I get it all and it's like hey, you can do cross play. So it was like my maxed out character from previously it let me even put it right onto the PC with all my shit that I bought from $429 games. I'm like dope Destiny was Favorite game like it Destiny to came last year. I don't know whatever and I already had Destiny one. It was like best gaming world because what you do is like you're literally flying around in solar system just fighting off the void aliens and shit anyways back to the plot so I could move around. I'm sitting at the table much. And I'm like, okay, my back's hurting. I'm just gonna lie down. I'm gonna have an app here on the couch. I was gonna throw on Netflix and I was like nah, you know, Sean Carroll. Okay, Sean Carroll was like on the YouTube homepage and I'm like, yeah Sean Carroll. So I I think I made a story on Instagram, but about this earlier. Let's Lord Martin something. Okay. He's actually from the House of Lords. He's actually a Lord that you votes in like that the England that you know royal family, okay a real lord and he is also a cosmologist and a high-energy physicist and there on the on the show is Sean Carroll and literally little the most insightful thing. They had to say was what I fucking posted on Twitter last week about Quantum hardwood. I was like once Quantum computation works at we have a million cubits and we're able to do just run an algorithm on the quantum computer that can make us superconductors that work at room temperature and he didn't even go on to he was like that'll be the coolest thing we can do and I was like, then we'll be able to have perpetual motion machines that just fly around and like UFOs like yeah, we will literally be able have perpetual motion machine say tie into the Earth's gravity and can't crash which we so poor dope. So just be like Operating a the in the Z plane the Z Dimension and they won't crash because it's not Newtonian physics. It's quantum physics don't write anyway, so that was like really insightful thing that had to say and then the rest of it was just talk and it was all talk about catastrophic events as well as extraterrestrial beings whether they're out there as Well as post human existence, so this is where we're threading the needle through here now guys. the posthuman existence so the Lord he's like Elon Musk, you know, I wish them all the power to us or other power to him and people just like him all these Adventures because they're the ones who are going to discover post humanism. And this was because Once we get to Mars per se. That it's not going to be convenient to move around. We're gonna have to have intense space suits excetera. or we can modify ourselves so that we could move around on the surface of Mars without housing space suits and such and they were like, oh that doesn't make much sense to genetically modify its at the moment on Earth, you know, it's kind of illegal in many ways and you know there apparently there was like one researcher in China who publicly Try to do some genetically modified stuff too, like a human embryo or whatever and got put in jail and stuff like that. So that came up to their kind of talking about how it's not ethical. It's kind of like the it's in a box and Sean Carroll was like, well, what about you know, like it it's kind of like cyber security and the stuff is like in a box either you get is taken out were She's going to figure out how to do it anyways. And then it's going to be over the Box either way. So shoot me like just get it under control. So the good team wins more or less. Right? And then there was just kind of like well, no, it should just suppress it all into the box and then or not but then the argument K and but on Mars, then it's free reign. This is where it should happen due to the fact that it's going to be a pain in the ass to make biospheres and such rather. If we just transformed into electrical beings then we won't have to worry about having biospheres on Mars. We could just create it turn into cyborgs Etc. But then it came. Oh, well, if we're cyborgs and electrical beings then we don't need to stay on the planet right? We can be Interstellar Travelers. We can fly in space for just made out of Electronics many came up. All right, Chris. Well, you know not trying to upload the Consciousness and then no but when we would we not be human anymore because we'll be you know, we feel the way that we feel do the way there the fact that our bodies feel certain ways, which makes us feel certain ways, right? So this well would we technically be who we are if we are uploaded ourselves to the cloud and then make multiple Loans for ourselves, we wouldn't technically be who we are now, but let's just get over the fact that that's who we want to be right who wants to be stuck in a human body that dies. That's like that's not love. Okay love is for forever death is unloving. So that was before I Cry came across the crisper. You know, I must have been listening to the podcast my phone heard me ha ha Facebook heard it and I was like, okay Cody's ready so that they shoot me over the crisper website and how it you know, they got a podcast but I only watched like or listen to the first episode which literally has no rating. So I threw a five star Crispr technology is only without for like four years. Anyways in Rampage a month. I'll just explain the movie because it will be able to wrap your head around it better. So they they edit these r as so that they're able to like grow super strong they're able to just grow so fast and the on re-entry like one of the rats is a big monster the space station scratches the the Escape. Shuttle, and it makes a crash landing into orbit, but luckily like the girl ends up dying, but luckily the the research pods were made so that the group Clash land into orbit. So they clack crash-land into like into one spot. It's like a guerrilla Retreat where the rock is right and it turns his favorite monkey or gorilla albino. Gorilla do it beats practically, right? And then it has a The one thing is so there are a few things are edited in. Well, I'll start off with more or less the characters. There's a gorilla and then there's a wolf and there is like a crocodile. Okay, and they all get like they all start drone super fast, you know, like doubles the size and the day and they're practically invincible and then they're also full of rage and they have this bat sonar built into them. Which is like covid-19 bats what they got nothing nothing. Okay, apparently covid-19 came because people are eating bats. yeah, anyways, so they got the bats owner edited into their genes so that energy in the company who made it all could call these creatures once they're made with a giant radio tower so that the Army could come and kill the monsters and then they could harvest the DNA and then they could Sell it as weaponized technology, right? So we got a good bat sonar and they made this machine that they could call these monsters from far away. So anyways crispr is real technology. I'm like I'm watching a movie I Google it like any good scientist would do. Probably only going on Earth did that and anyways crispr is like a virus. Okay, it's see you make it yourself nor me. I could make it myself. I know how do you know? She's have to read a book on actually doing like the lab work they could do it anyway, so I got this incurable disease called hereditary neuropathy, but liability pressure policy and I figured it out because I got really drunk and my friend's party and I blacked out and I woke up on the floor and I couldn't move my foot. I was paralyzed. Okay this retired I was literally, you know couldn't I couldn't I could push my foot down, but I couldn't lift it up like if I wanted to like. Like kick a soccer ball. I couldn't if it's like a dead foot. It's called drop foot and then they comments about that. Oh, my mom had happened to her when she was 20 as well. We go to the doctor. he's like, yeah, you got drop foot and it's from neuropathy, which is paralysis of the nerves And you know, that was terrible. They're like, yeah, we don't even know why this happened other than the fact that neuropathy is like your old house with old wires. Everybody else is brand-new and you're in the you're in the break room, and I know you're flipping a light switch on and off and your Breakers are blowing. You know, that's what happens. He drinks. It's like flipping the light on and off and on and off not enough to break it blows. So that's what happened to me in the breaker blue and couldn't move my leg, you know even happen. I think not that long ago. I was drinking out my friend test can happen again, but not as bad this time because I like got some insane meditation going on. I can just heal myself overnight. But anybody else in my family doesn't have freaking time for meditation like child. Can't figure it out my mom. Don't give a shit can't cure it so. Me and Mom figure out we both got this so we go for genetic testing and they test us and I like go to Toronto General Hospital and there's only like a thousand people. It's like one in a hundred thousand this disease, right which is pretty rare. Therefore. There's no reason to fight a cure. Until now till I was born and I so practically found a cure for the incurable because I can now create the mutation out of RNA virus and then in fact myself with it first. Like first generation, it can be cured rather than having to put it into my embryo when I'm having a child next. Yeah, I could just cure myself. Then the next her have her child. The gene is edited out of my system. But here's where it gets funny. Here's where we go to Wacky town with this, you know if we can do that. Then how far can we go with posthumanism? No, genetically modifying stuff or like GMO is illegal, but crispr technology, isn't this is a loophole. Because it's not screwing as embryos. It's screwing with organisms that are alive and well, so I'm listening to the podcast and one of the like the first one from 2018. I'm sure by next time. I'll have to excuse me a whole bunch more information on how crazy we can get with it. But I think my mom's pretty good at I don't know like what for some reason I mind is able to come up with like the most insane. Ovaries before even crossed paths with somebody else that are is like actually working on it. So, you know, my mind is most powerful tool on Earth and believe Because that was like your grandpa, I'm gonna figure out a way to live for forever. I'm going to put my brain inside some other animal or whatever it so I can live for forever. We'll figure it out. We'll do it the back burn Whatever Whatever It Takes it'll happen. And then two years later Ray Kurzweil is like we're living for forever after I read this book, you know, could I read the book before but I read books back when I had these you start so post humanism. Where shall I begin? What started off easy? Okay. So we start curing the incurable diseases first generation before they get to the embryo. All it is is it's it's just like activating parts of your DNA that's already in you or editing pieces out. So maybe like editing out the HPP already trained with neuropathy with liability to pressure policy. But the see there's just a thing I could like. I already have optic neuropathy my right arm blind in my right eye and they're like yo that was from yours. He's probably but then I read another book. That's like yo your the Insight part of your brain. Well rewire itself in the right occipital lobe. I don't know I guess if your body comes under certain circumstances and it's like hey in sight sir more valuable at this time and life van. Your right eye and it only happens to the right eye. It's quite interesting. So. Which is also around the time of the founding of stratospheric Innovations, believe it or not. before it so optic so I could become like totally paralyzed. I could be like paraplegic if shit went wrong, you know, I could become paralyzed right from the brainstem if she got pinched. So what it is pressure policy means that if the nerve gets pinched nerve paralysis could happen or will happen in this happened multiple times. I could I had a really bad head injury, which I ended up getting my head pushed back into place to release the pressure off my brain to get the toxins out excetera. You can go back and read my blog talked about it not could have been the pressure palsy on the optic nerve. So I could become totally paralyzed and I'd be a good reason to edit this mutation out. Because apparently it was most likely a mutation from my one of my mum's born this disease. It's that's 100,000 because nobody else in my family has ever had anything like that happen to them. The neuropathy and it makes tennis elbow carpal tunnel anything like that. Those are just symptoms of the disease. I have, you know, put my meditative practices in my exercise routines and such if allowed me to really reverse the symptoms. I was set up for surgery to get like huge major surgeries on my arms literally to get slice all the way from my shoulders to my hands just to release the tension on the nerves and miraculously I care. Myself the incurable and now I found a cure for the uncurable for future generations to come with my family which kind of makes me feel great. So it's a productive day, even though I was taking a lot of brake and decided to have a nap which I didn't but super productive even though I didn't get my website up yet, but I'm about to tonight. You know now they're reflect on the day. That's like two or three lifetimes worth of discoveries I did today. Securing my future Generations. Okay, so that's where we started with it. Anyway, so they're using crispr technology for well, they're not really using it. Yeah, but it's going to start being used for making well, it's already being used under test for apples to not brown potatoes to not brown because When potatoes Brown and you cook them like creates a neurotoxin that's poisonous to us, right? So crispr technology is able to make Vegetables in stuff not brown and be produce a more vitamin C. It's just able to strengthen things and take things out there. You don't want but it's not a genetically modified organism. It's editing stuff that's already there because it's happens in a single life cycle. It doesn't even need a life cycle. It happens right away. So it's really cool, you know like screwing with the whole genetic makeup. You just editing something that's already there. You know, it's you know adding something and say it's like genetically modified organisms. You're taking something from one quality from one plant near and planting it in this other plant that it's it's a foreign substance and that's where the issues of GMO come up, right but with crispr technology you just taking stuff out of that something that's already. it you know you're editing something that's already in it you're not taking any foreign thing and putting it in it it's just you're doing it all through the RNA you know I'm glad I watched that movie last week Life's a movie what's the simulation bro so that's phase two or four crisper can do now let's get a little more interesting with it since let's touch on the posthumanism say we're going to live on Mars let's say we don't want to be electronic beings because we don't like being shocked and share something I don't know or we still want to feel Bo you want to live on the surface of Mars, so here's we're going to get intense I was meditating on this earlier and I was like You know, one of the things was like hey, could you just like edit yourself to have like a super mind so that you're like always on mushrooms or the best qualities from mushrooms and say psychedelics and edit them into your you're being so that you're always like that. Yeah you could You know, like nothing about psilocybin is an organism you like edit it. So they usually always the whatever part psilocybin active is because it's like I feel like still assignment for mushrooms is like If you've seen the movie splice, I think it's called I don't like aliens right? It's all about they like make it in the lab with spores right? But I feel like you know human you going to you take psilocybin and you get inoculated and then you get all these awesome thoughts and stuff, but you can't really go back. Once you've done it one time. I mean like I haven't done that shit and years were you know, And he can't take back and experience or the thought process apparently psilocybin and her taking another zero point three grams microdose of mushrooms magic mushrooms twice a week. Well repair neural Nets in the brain, which is makes total sense. Hmm. So what if he edit the human brain? Well, like I was saying you it's what putting something not putting something foreign and but editing something that's already there. But you could go as far enough is putting stuff that's not already there. So you could totally modify modify the mind and this is like what's cross back over the quantum computation a little bit and artificial intelligence as we're going into the mind because this thought I'm crossing my mind for quite some time since we're going to use quantum computation and be able to make superconductors at room temperature show temperature so that we can use quantum levitation in real life which would be insane. We cannot flying buildings. Yeah, maybe so dope like it and they won't even crashed and wouldn't move. We have skyscrapers? They are a hundred mile. Well, I guess that's pretty far up. Well we could because there would still be a gravitational pull a hundred miles up there still be gravitational pull like a hundred thousand miles up. You can have a gravitational pull for the Sun from well, then, you know, but I can't get my thoughts so fast enough the whole solar system is from like pulled in due to the fact that the sun has gravity and it's holding every planet in place. So therefore we could build we build structures that are based off quantum levitation that are super conducted off of the sun's gravitational pull and we can make her own death stars, but it would be like dope as fuck. Okay, we can have perpetual motion. I'm sure they're already out there. Everything's already happened before. Just in the future forever moment forever now anyways, so along with the room temperature superconductors will have biotechnology and medicines to cure every possible everything because we could just let that logarithm go and simulate rather than having double blind Placebo test. We just let the algorithm make you know. Whatever the Cure is for everything but along with that he's were shit gets intense. Like if humans made acid and DMT then what the fuck is the computer going to make for our minds like oh my God. You can fool you think I've never done DMT, but I'm gonna if we think that shit's intense did for a CEO DMT and I called the ambulance on myself. That was fucked. Life changing my mind became like a supercomputer and I thought every thought that ever happened in my whole life at one time. And I felt like I was gonna die and I like wished my everybody. Goodbye and fuck fuck and the worst anxiety attack. And then they tortured me in the hospital. It was fucked literally don't ever call the ambulance on yourself. Just fucking don't you will regret it and just made me they like they mutilated me. Okay, and I made me feel like a young extraterrestrial put tubes inside me where they shouldn't go fuck. Okay, but if we could figure out like to synthesize things like for a CEO DMT, which they say is just synthetic mushrooms, but my acid is okay did martians for definitely wasn't like that definitely didn't turn me into a fucking supercomputer that thought every every thought that ever was all at once. So vivid so vivid forgiveness was the answer though at the end. I was like yo, I forgive every pet thing that never fucking happened to me. I just want to live I forgive you. I forgive you for all those childhood traumatic experiences. I forgive you, you know, that's how I felt. Forgive everyone ever existed dissolves my ego. I came out of the hospital three hours after I went in mutilated all good though. My mind was dissolved. So if people can figure out how to make crazy shit like that like what the hell is algorithm gonna make up like people already say the DMT lets you exit the simulation. Like what the fuck is that? Algorithm gonna make for a mine. You Know What's it gonna do romance if we like don't even know how to well I could probably tell ya how to cure cancer, but I don't want to start no controversy nah grounding. cannabis quinoa, okay. so meditation So if we can't figure out how to cure cancer publicly but publicly or going to be able to make the impossible possible with we're going to publicly viewable cure cancer with Supergirl right Quantum computation. Then what the fuck kind of drugs is going to make man like Scares me. It's gonna like make a drug that like, you know, I don't know man, like whatever. It does feel like psychedelic seem to be fucked and to me crazy and awesome. I'm excited and nervous at the same time. Okay, so that's that's like step 3. Okay, we get we could genetically modify the drug that we could be like that for forever. So they were just super duper uber will be Uber people. Okay, and so I was thinking about this, you know like Will be like gods that could live for forever. Like we Hindu People Prayed like deities like Shiva and stuff and like you might add arms to yourself. Just give you the like it'd be more convenient. Sometimes I feel like I should have more arms because I get like this Restless are more like my back hurts and shit and I feel like there should be another arm there and it's just like if I like feel like I have like Phantom limb syndrome four limbs aren't even there and then we're never there, you know just hurts or like there's nothing there. So a lot of couple extra arms and shit, but then you know, like see if is blue and I was thinking like, you know, like maybe she was blue because like doesn't have to breathe oxygen. So I was like y'all like and this is all like well I thought about this earlier but like I really like actually added up into how it would actually be done today through crispr technology. So there's archaea bacteria, right the live inside volcanoes and bacteria that lives in like the coldest cold. So we take the qualities from those and we put them into US modify them into us so that we do not have to breathe no more rather than becoming machine which you know, it's probably chill to but we still want to like feel her body and stuff great because that's part of the human experience. I was like kind of part of the argument today on Sean's podcast. Can't wait one day. I'll have shrunk are on my podcast. You don't can't wait. Okay, so well edit that into us and it'll be all good because we are Mars, you know, Earth government can't tell us what to do or will go to nieces. You know, I've been playing Destiny. So sure Sean Carroll is like, oh, well nice is it might be all have biosphere, you know and nieces and destinies. I'm like yo, But I'm like already on nieces. I'm thinking about things that I can't talk about be too controversial. That's why I had a pause there. Anyways, well edit ourselves. We don't not need to breathe oxygen and we can survive in outer space. So our blood doesn't boil, etc, etc, or freeze whatever I'll just make ourselves so that we can live in space but still be biological creature. without being made of metal because who the fuck wants to be made a metal nobody I want to be able to touch things and feel them and like have sex and stuff right like I still want to feel emotions like when I'm a billion years old so like will be like gods and like we could go through time and shit I'm sure we'll figure that out we like editor ourselves so that we can go through black holes man we'll figure it out I'm sure if there's I'm sure Naturally there's archaea bacteria that can live inside a volcano Etc and that's just natural I got a message that was no longer available and it's unsent By the sender what? You know, that's unfortunate. Want to know everything you shouldn't be able to unsend messages stupid. it's frustrating I want to know everything whatever some things you can't know I will accept it okay so sorry I got to take a breath so the universe can naturally make archaea bacteria that can live inside a volcano then what the hell can we come up with so crazy your shit in the next billion years you know what it's gonna be dope in the middle like like will definitely be able to live in space if we can if shit can like naturally live in a volcano or like you know we don't even know what the well somebody probably knows everything it's not me Saturday do some DMT and talk with the extraterrestrials and made the simulation and Bill yo bro like what simulation are you and are they in a simulation that's in a simulation that's a little intense well I'll have to ask Joe Rogan he would know you know like that's kind of like you know all these things that could happen these possibilities these probabilities you know is you have to stay on the vibration of like forever life okay don't get caught up in that that death shit I'm so grateful to be alive right now and like I'm so grateful I'm young because like I won't die from the Corona virus even if everybody does like little I'll be old and then we could just have of total repopulation of Earth of all young people and we'd have no more old people Trying to like pull this back anymore. Like I got nothing no problem with that. Like my grandparents got a died my mom. She got to die. Whatever like whatever nobody stopping me know, I'll fucking cure it. I don't give a shit. No fucking my town gets infected with coronavirus all fucking hear it till then you're all fucked. Might be ignorant, you know, but if I don't set my if I don't turn some polarity here, I'm not going to have any fans. That's less what Russell Brunson tells me. I gotta do. I gotta set myself apart that I say. Look this is who we are. This is my pack. You're either with me or you're against me. So you're either with me. what are you against me like we're pretty deep into this podcast now this one's going to go a long time we're done with that short bullshit we're on too long episodes okay so Interstellar travel screw spaceships we're going to we're going to be like no we're not going to be like iron cave oh my God we're gonna we're gonna mutate ourselves so that we can have super conducting body parts that like fucking turn on and off so that we can be like the perpetual motion machines but will be make it out of biology oh instead of being a machine because nobody wants to be a machine or maybe we could make metal that you can I don't know man so many decisions so many possibilities and probabilities yellow like the Force is with this one and the Force is with this one. Yo so conspiracy. Yo. Donald Trump for life What's it agent agent? Yo, look up David Wilcock and just watch everything. He's got and then come back to me and just tell me you're not a different guy do it. Maybe I'll get him on the podcast to be dope. He could give me all the answers. He says it all this shit is already existent all of it. I don't want to get shot now. You know. Government can fucking hack me if they wanted to and go to hell. Fuck the government. Unless you're going to give me money, you know, I am the government fuck that. I'll hack you. Right right iPhone. You heard me you're watching me. You're listening your government. I know you're watching. Crazy, Joe Rogan says, he's like all we're Stoners on a podcast and we're talking about the government watching but there's a millions of people watching. Obviously, they're watching but my podcast has seven seven views this point. It's pretty lit though like Honestly, that's just on the anchor out. And so my podcast is only five different channels still not on iTunes at Still not yet, isn't it weird? That is like so many different podcasting platforms. You know, I feel like this is going to be the best podcast episode yet because I'm finally able to like stop and I was able to get out a whole plot and whole story and like thread that needle right through to post humanism. cheering disease and now now I can speak my mind. Yeah. Guys, like I really want you to find me on Instagram and just follow me Cody dot Vandervoort or well, actually I'm only using that one IRS also have another Instagram CEO ddy because I got banned on Facebook guys, and then I realized like yo you like your Instagram account isn't even tied to your Facebook account so I could have just stuck with one but now I already got the second one going and it's like I got all like the first one. Deleted all my followers because they got into like this cyber cyber ghost mode for a little bit. And then everyone just followed me again. Anyways, and I'm like, you're like, I don't need to be a ghost on the internet. There's no point. I just had a little bit of my medic desire cuz I watched someone talked about open source intelligence and shit and Man, I just want to like do so much shit, but they're not the same time. I don't want to like do it yet like Well, you had I couldn't get it done so much. I had offers to like make a space company and they're gonna give me 300 grams so I can make my space company and I'm like, no not yet. Well do something else but like then I'm like, oh now I'm sitting here in the garage. I'm like, ah fuck like I should have just done it then. I'm Leon. Ah, ah nah see if I would have done all those things. I would have came across what I came across today and when they cured my disease for Nations to come so I think we're I'm in a good place. Huh? So for it's cold in here in this Danny, no fucking heater had shut the door right now because I'm being so loud don't want anybody to hear my crazy ideas. Damn it. I'm gonna open the door all this talk quieter. gummy coat on so I was outside garbage, so blue team ICU interesting with it gotta follow me on IG so you can see my coaching program. I'm giving away like $40,000 worth of information products. Literally don't buy anything on the internet ever again. Okay, I found it all super cheap. I'll give it to you for 20 bucks. Okay. I was like a hundred and fifty Grand worth of information like anything you ever wanted to know, of course on whatever you want. I have it I swear on my life. Let's talk a little bit about my medic desire in the founding mechanisms of humanism. And so everything that ever happened in human culture is based upon my medic desire, okay. It's like you're born and you're like hey. That guy has this and he likes that and it seems awesome. So I want his toy. Will you share No, I don't want to share, you know, so my magic desire causes conflict. No one wants to share because everybody wants it. This is where it all started. Everyone's like. Hey, Jesus can do all those cool things. I want that so bad that I'm jealous. Let's kill him right my medic desire the founding murders. Life is all based around these the logos the Greek the Greek myths. Okay, every myth tells the story of human culture right from the beginning. The founding of Rome was two brothers. Romulus