Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God.Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from TJ death taxes and Round Rock. And this is our second episode super happy today. I have two of my good friends and blue belts in my Academy. We have Josh pays no and - aw - what's up, man? I mean you've come to me. But within the last year I think and you've been a Bluebell for how long two years. Two years. Yeah and tell us where you come from Simi Valley Brazilian, Jiu Jitsu sport. I trained with see Baca be trading added Bravo for when he was a brown belt. He's over at know who I believe is. No ho forget their new their new name, but they just rebranded themselves. So like a Brazilian named. Uh, yeah or Portuguese. Yeah legit guy, though. Like seriously reminds me a lot of you the way he trains. Oh, yeah. So how long you been a fool? Oh Josh two years two years and So currently a blue button and me he came to me and yeah, we continue to train and then I have - all's been like one of my first students ever. I think you were one of two they came in right we should train every day used to be just you me and another guy and it was that that was the crew of the morning crew right and you think I'm nice too, but I mean You've had some experience you've had some the we experience, but I guess your maybe your first I may be guessing but it was your first experience in the league with me. Yes. Yeah, first time I've ever trained gay Brazilian jiu-jitsu. I see I see and and so first time being ranked as well, right? Yeah, but you've had some rapping experience. I should say a little bit of like submission wrestling background with Some little bit of submission wrestling that translated from shuto and csw all I see nicely as old school right there. Yeah, so I want to talk about today. I guess the topic the main topic is, you know, the journey has a blue belt because in my opinion that was my hardest belt and the women wrong. I've been a black pearl for one year I think and it's tough to but you know blue go was rough, you know Blue Bell ice. As I spent two and a half years of blue belt but there's so many different emotions that go through it. Right how long you been will just two years? She said two years. Yeah, and so ski pocket he trained under he like say he was under Eddie Bravo. They own no MMA down in Sherman Oaks gray, dude. He's a black belt now. Yeah, but in reality, it was more about just the philosophy of just learning and like you said as a Bluebell with him, I Has a wide belt but reality was is it's definitely a journey Yin, and when it comes to it, it's like you're experiencing a lot of higher-level belts purple brown black and you get your your toe handed to a pretty routinely, you know what I mean Panda and I think the the main thing is is always being comfortable in uncomfortable situations, you know, no matter what you're good. You're going to get your lunch eating pretty frequently. Yeah, but at the same time it's out of Only to be able learn and and accommodate and continue to learn which makes I think the blooper blue belt Journey kind of exciting even though there's a lot of number of people that fall out. I think it's more about just continually learning evolving appreciate the camaraderie with your teammates and things along those lines for sure. I think two things you said that that really struck me one is that there is tons of blue belts in this world today that will remain blue belts and never come back to training and become a black belt which is unfortunate. The other thing is that I think to summarize what you're saying is that there's ups and downs as a blue belt and I felt it. I I would be depressed as a little bell and I'm beyond the biggest highest right because you know, you submit a lot of people but at the same time you're being submitted yourself, right? And so you never like to be submitted by a white belt but then when you catch a purple, oh my God, you found gold right? I'll give you an example though. I remember there was one. I mean I was training and I caught a brown belt in a capsule iser. Okay, and you know, I thought it was the greatest thing ever the next probably two months after that. He ate my lunch every day because every day, you know, yeah, but at the same time it was good because in a lot of ways, you know that there's a hierarchy of belts. / there's a respect level and if someone such as a blue belt catching someone like that it's like Like it's fun. But at the same time no that thing come back to you tenfold. Yeah, and that's just the nature of the Beast. Yeah, for sure. I think Joe Rogan said the best way to get better and judicious to choke the shit out of you guys right now, which is which is hardly from the truth in my Academy because we've got some beefs bluebells, you know, and it's even hard for me Dan come here from no other school that you know, besides mine as far as A grappling Focus school. I mean what has been your experiences so far, but you started me since white. That's why I like like just like no stripe white, you know, you worked his way up since then, you know what and I've enjoyed every minute of it, you know training bringing the geeky learn Jujitsu every day, you know, sometimes twice a day. I love it, you know, even you know, even just recently doing promotes a blue. Do you know what I mean? I still look at every single day as opportunity to learn every day to train her know like even when I'm not training I'm like man I want to do training, you know, right, you know, if I if we didn't have this your different be so, you know what I mean crazy thing called the job. Yeah live we did have to make money right but because you know a lot of times it's like and even when helping out with some of the newer people like I enjoy that because helping them understand and learn move them. Helps us get better too. I'm sure for sure I think that's another topic. But yeah, definitely like I mean, you got me a lot like with the kids and with with newer adults that come in or newer teams that come in but when you're able to teach and convey information you end up teaching yourself right in a way. Well, I think it's a balance of passing on the torch, you know when you get promoted to higher levels You know, it's more about you know, making sure that you're continuing to spread the wealth and at the same time. There's there's a lot that you consume has a as an athlete, but at the same time, I think a lot of ways being able to put hands on experience with people who are maybe non-it not as experience will help, you know, their longevity of being able to educate why you go through the process your difficulties your tribulations and things along those lines that help you understand because Everyone goes through pitfalls Burger stagnant your you feel like you're advancing your kind of like in this dull spot, but I think people who continue to put in effort to be able to help you evolve pass along knowledge and education will help you maintain that longevity of being able to stay into the sport as opposed to just bouncing out when you know, you feel like you're down or you're not you're not as motivated as you were when you first started. So I think that's an important factor. ER for sure, it comes to it. Like I think we all think the same thing like as bluebells as just buying into the culture that we have all created in in the academy like we all buy into a culture there is a certain sense to love. Of me to write as far as just being in the belt system not in my Academy not in anyone's Academy or the difference between the two but there is a sense of me where there is a certain Eagle that may come along with being a blue belt and I felt that Eagle When I was a blue belt as well. Have you felt a job? I have I haven't a couple different ways because in a lot of ways, I feel like the new people who come in. You have a definite advantage. Image but at the same time you have this hunger to be able to Excel and continue to evolve and be better because you want to compete with the higher level belt as you continue evolving Revolution, I just do so. All right. Yeah percent. How would you deaf? Oh, yeah for sure. Like even though I'm new blue and there's you know, we have blue belt more experienced bluebells that been bluebells for years and and they and I respect them, you know, I know they have a lot of knowledge, but so Sometimes when I when I roll I want to try to survive and maintain and try to you know iron sharpens iron. Yeah, we want to get better. And yeah, I feel the same way. I always feel like to be a great leader. You have to be a great follower for sure. You know what I mean? And I think that to yeah and a lot of the love the higher-level belts were there to Professor Ray, you know other Professor Myron you got Joey's coming in from Hawaii and Tracy. Yeah Travis coming down from In Temple, I think in a lot of ways that evolution of being able to learn from people that have been black belts for a number of years or even knew. It just asked your caliber to be able to stay hungry and in my instance, I think in a lot of ways rolling and getting to understand that hierarchy is going to make you you know, successful as long as you understand, you know, a couple of things I think one it comes to understanding who you are as a person but your drive to the the Autonomy of the academy. We have a great philosophy. We have a great Rapport team building within within our Academy, right? You know what I mean? So I think a lot of those different factors Play It's like a major role in contributing to your success as an individual, right? You know, what's interesting is that when I was a blue button, I've always as Syria today. Like I've always seen people at three different levels one. They were inferior rappers to me. The second one was they were probably at the same level as Me and the third was that they were Superior Grapplers to me. Right? And the hardest thing is a blue belt is because that's the second level of or I should say the first level promotion from a white belt. You kind of get stuck in this feeling that are you kind of get stuck in the belt order that I shouldn't be submitted by any white belt, but I should be contesting every blue belt and possibly ever purple shirt be focusing. Sure PDF. Yeah. Sure. I think in a lot of ways you have enough knowledge should be competitive with a purple belt, even though some purple belts obviously have multiple strides from over four years of experience, but I I think in a lot of ways you have enough knowledge to be competitive why built when it comes to that I think in a lot of ways you have a lot more knowledge then the young ones but at the same time you can't take away or disregard someone's internal. Drive to be like successful and continue to evolve in your evolution of learning. Okay, you know you have some that really like grow really really rapidly right? Then you have some that are kind of just really slow. Yeah. So I think in a lot of ways to it really depends on the individual but as a purple as a blue belt, I think you're kind of in that that middle stage where it all depends on that person in their drive on whether their continued to grow kind of be mediocre or kind of be stagnant, right? That what you think I think as a blue belt, you know what I mean regardless of your size. And the reason why I say size is important is because I'm a mom on the smaller end of the scale. Yeah, you know when it comes to strength and weight not strength wait, maybe but I think you're probably definitely not. Yeah, probably. Yeah, but you know, I don't want to be submitted by know. What dog. Yeah, I'm not going to be submitted by well regardless of their size and you know, I rolled big dudes big guys. Wrong guys, they try to use their strength every day. And you know, I and I you I try use leverage technique to you know to submit right and and that's that's usually how it ends. But you know as a blue belt especially a new blue belt. You don't want to be submitted by white belt. Yeah, you know what I mean or even your clothes right, right? Yeah like yeah. No way. That's why I think it's the toughest. Oh, that's why I'm talking about like for some reason the and I maybe I probably am wrong by saying this but I think it's harder when you're promoted to a blue belt from white belt then when you're promoting from a blue belt or purple belt because you begin to have almost the idea that you shouldn't be submitted by anyway, built. Yeah. Well, I think it I think you guys could agree though, right? No one or sure. Yeah, but at the same time I think expectations Of how you should be performing at different belt levels kind of falls into that level. So someone who's white belt shouldn't be that and maybe I'm wrong for saying this shouldn't be Advanced to someone who is a Bluebell purple belt Etc. But at the same time sometimes people get complacent. Yeah, and then they're not as aware or maybe lacks a days ago when it comes to rolling with some might be a lower belt, but you can't underestimate the wide belt because you know, they're watching YouTube videos or doing all this and for sure like you were just saying, I think the opposite is true too though is that you know, they a Bluebell doesn't have to get complacent but we have to take into considerations like pass rafting experience right leg. I can be like Xavier Xavier came in white belly started from white belt no strike an example of what a black out, you know the yeah, exactly. Yeah, and so very very It's still good to this day. You know, he's a Bluebell we gave him his blood at the same time as I gave you yours. Yeah, but I think the opposite is true what you're saying, you know, I think that guys get complacent but also there's other considerations where guys are becoming good. Yeah, you know, you know, they'll come in like me where I was on the couch and eating Pringles, you know, nothing wrong kind of ha ha ha we all love our yeah, right, right. So now that you are a blue belt though, I mean The the time from getting promoted as a blue belt to Purple belt is a long long journey this I mean the marathon not a race dad because you afraid they called for two years, right? And we said at the beginning there's tons of lugo's out there than ever make it right? Yeah, and I don't know I guess what is your what is your feeling on that me being a your personal feeling? So so me being a D1 athlete come from, Arizona. That's football for the universe. Arizona was running back. I was a defensive back. I always have a competitive nature and it's like either I'm competing or I'm dominating and and for my own internal like drive my my whole Focus being a program next. Yeah, and you know, you have people that fall out but you know me I trained, you know, three four five six times a week and realistically that's the next initiative. I want to learn as much as I want to learn. I want to compete, you know, I want to go do competitions and and be I want to see where I stand. Yeah, you know and and let's just say I don't perform. Well at a tournament reality is what I need to work on, you know, ask my teammates that are higher bills. Hey, what do I need to work on and I think their feedback always proves worthy because of the fact is these are the people who go to battle with on a daily basis. These are people that know your style. These are people that see your your dedication. And at the same time I think in a lot of ways like for me, it's like, you know, what can I do to be better, right, you know for me, there's no other option. My next step is purple belt. It's actually a good attitude to have because you never stop losing Evolution. I could tell you at Dan get tell you to Dan is been with me in every single tournament is for father. Superfight opinion. Yeah. I've lost a lot as when I first got my black belt and I'm still losing, you know, I sound like I'm winning everything. NG, you know and well, let's let's take the one we were down in what was it Dallas? We're all said you were up. Yeah deep half all clap Houston Houston Houston. Okay. Hey, if you were in there be swept to do you were up ten seconds came in you were being aggressive Still Still and next thing, you know, God forbid. He freaking swept. Yeah, and it sucks because all sinned you're being aggressive. You're still trying to you know, maximize what you were doing. And at that point you could play for points. You didn't play for points you you went to You too, you know progress and in this instance you got caught and it sucks because you end up losing that match based on that. Yeah, and it sucks, you know and for me as a student watching that it's like he was up you could just sit back and said I'm done. Yeah, we play let me play, you know, Patty - yeah, but that's not your nature. But you know what? I mean? It's like that what that wasn't your nature and I probably should have a value cake duh, Danielle. I don't think I ever heard I haven't I haven't. Yeah, I haven't because he's not very loud. Of a person yeah, nevermind. Yeah, but he was yelling at me. Yeah, what is your perception as to what we're talking about like as far as the Bluebell journey I should say so as far as like regression martial arts, you know, I was I would say like I've trained martial arts for over 30 years. I've trained and over a handful of different styles of martial arts. And to me really the belt never didn't really mean. A lot to me. Yeah, right because what your belt is doesn't dictate your ability. Right? Right, so you should be you can be a white belt the belt is about perfect. That's right. And so to me, you know, I've never really been fixated on on my color my belt like I can be happy with white boat still. I don't know what I mean. Unfortunately. I'm glad I have a blue belt if I had a white belt I'd be okay and I know other people don't feel the same way sure because I talk to them. Um, you know, I mean, they're like pitching for the next strike the region for the next belt and for me, you know what I mean? I don't feel like that really dick takes my ability. I really enjoy competing and learning and I always look up to the my seniors right the other experience blue belt and volts you black belt, you know and try to learn whatever I can. Yeah, whatever movement I can you know, there's so much that I still have to learn you know me. So for me I look at it as I have an empty cup, you know, I'm just going to fill it up and learn as much as I can and the more I learn the more I want to do, right? So two things like one is because you guys have come like that and you've come from professional background to it, you know, you come from finding more Italian MMA and you know Josh you come from playing D1 football and that's pretty big time, you know, so a lot of people are not competitors like you so I Advice Josh for the Bluebell hobbyists who just got promoted right? You don't have a lobbyist our gym. Yeah. And you know for the most part most gyms have hobbyist. Yeah that everyone wants to be world champion. Yeah, you know, no no, I could relate to that and I think in a lot of ways for me being able to tie D1 Athletics to my personal life in now at 44, I think in a lot of ways, it's it's it's more of a balance for me. Having that ability to be able to compete someone who's a lobbyists or someone who works at traditional nine-to-five has a family comes in two times a week. You know, you got you got to give them that respect for the fact that they're making time to get better even though it may not be four five six times a week, but the reality is to put in the effort and as you continue to evolve in might be a little bit longer Journey, but reality is is that The putting the effort do and have to half the battle in my opinion is getting on the map. Yeah, you know, especially with new students who we seen where you know, they come in. It's like I don't know if this is for me or not, but reality is like half the battle is coming in and just shown up. Yeah getting all the shit, you know, and I think once they get that a taste of being able to roll around understand what the team is about, you know, our our Academy is a little bit different where you know, you have that camaraderie you have people that are just trying No, like beat you up, you know, I've been a academies where all of a sudden there's enough the fighters in there, you know, and it's a different environment, you know here it's more embracing that and yeah you come in you get submitted but at the same time you're getting educated at the same time, which I think in a lot of ways welcomes these people with with open arms to continue in a manner that's safe. And I think that's really really important especially form your last podcast where we talk about the the man enforcers. People who come in with all that. I was a blog the blog the blog but people come in with these key goes, you know, and they have past experience of being aggressive or people who might kind of think they know it. All reality is it's likely that was a Coke by the way. No, hahaha, but the funny thing is like when you come in and you get a Vibe with people who want to help you get better that's important. Someone who just wants to beat the shit out of you know, that ain't fun do so. Quick question. I know we're talking a lot. But your advice let's say to a hobbyist right who doesn't have the D1 experience that you have Woodward has a competitive nature as a two-year Blue Book your advice continue to come in because you know, you're only as good as your own efforts and I think that's important someone who comes in and wants to come in and try it out because they have ego. Go not the score for you. Someone who comes in and wants to get better because you know what, they want to be part of a team. They want to learn they want to evolve. They want something new. That's challenging. This is for free. Yeah. Yeah for sure very good. I think that he touched on a lot of good things there like you only going to get out what you put in right? So if you come in and you want to skip the warm-up you want to try to only rolled people that you that you know that you're bigger stronger faster than against you're really not going to progress. You know, I mean, you're really you're doing a more a disservice to yourself. You really want to there's always three three levels of people you want to train with people that you're better than people on your level and then people that are better than you people that are better than you are going to show you where your holes are. The people that you're that are on the same level. They're going to challenge you, you know, some of this movements that you might have they're going to challenge you sure right and then the people that you're better than you'll be able to learn and perfect those movements that At our Builders move stuff. Yeah, you be able to pull those off. Right? No II get that from you then. I mean, you know, you've come from it's a wide wide array of yeah experience, right? I mean with striking with with grappling with no you rapping I should say, but now that you're in the Yi, and now that your rank doing any advice for the non I should have said non-competitive but hobbyists you I would say 100% This is keep with it come in continue to show up. You know, you may not feel like competing is what you want to do right now, but you put the time in you're going to get better. You're going to feel more comfortable where you don't actually have to think about the movements think about the techniques you'll be able to pull them off without, you know seamless. Yeah, it'll be very seamless. Yes, and then eventually you might want to eventually you'll get to a point where you want to find out where your ability is at and then you will take a competition. Right and he knows that might awaken a beast inside that you didn't know you had. All right, I mean, but I think it's safe to say to that and I've always said this is that you can become a black belt in Jujitsu without competing at all. You know, it's it's not to say that you're going to be very competitive at a high level. I will but you know, you will have a knowledge to write so it's not as if you cannot come in and sure and not attain a black belt because you don't copy but this is my phone when I was telling you earlier. It's like for me as a as an athlete I want to compete and I might be a rare Oddity in some instances where I want to see where I fit in within this world of all I will purple belt I completely did. You know what? I think you are a real Oddity. I think we all are like we all want to test ourselves. Selves and we want to test herself against people equal or better. Yeah, right for sure and a lot of people don't want to do that. That's why you have because I think they feel like ignorance is bliss, right? If you're not tested you're not and you don't know you can claim whatever you want. Yeah. Well these are these are these people that are not the same people what I'm saying is that but the same thinking goes with a traditional martial arts where there is a false sense of reality in a way sure. Where you have these flashy kicks and flashy board working. That probably is Not Practical, you know, well, it's not practical at all. Yeah. I'm not I've never seen a board hit back. Yeah or a bag or anything else. Yeah, you know and I think in a lot of ways as athletes whether you're competitive or non-competitive your your two days a week type of trainer, you know, who comes in it's always good to be able to compare where you're at in your or status of growth has an individual within your your your sport. Yeah, you know and doesn't matter if it's boxing's you just do whatever it may be. It's good to see. Okay someone who's lower level. Yeah. I might have an advantage some of these equal I'm being challenged someone who's a higher level they're going to expose me. And that's where the growth comes from. Yeah, you know, I mean if you want to live in a world of lower level and kind of just dominate people probably not score for you. Okay? Yeah if you want to continue to evolve and And get better you compete against people who are at your level or above and at that point you're going to grow I think what you guys said is true though too. Is that a lot of it is just coming in stepping on the mat. You know, I mean have to be yeah because a lot of awareness and he did like timing, you know, just, you know being comfortable in techniques. It does it can't come from me. Just telling you you know you Have to experience it for yourself. So there has to be some consistency right with you coming in. And you know what, I think as Bluebell, I remember myself feeling like Well, I can just come in three days a week and I'll be fine, you know, but I mean on the other hand you guys come in for 5 sometimes even six times a week when I offer class, right? That's that's the most eye out for class and you guys come in and put it out there, right? Yeah, and because and I believe what I'm saying, is that consistency or I believe what I'm I think is right is that you guys are thinking that consistency is King because it's the matters the most consistency and I think the ability to want to grow I think that's important for sure. Someone someone else comes out the motivation to get better and I want to better myself against higher level belt or yeah that that comes down to the own internal philosophy of the person that has themselves, you know what I mean their own internal drive and you know, what I'm saying is that I think in a lot of Ways people who have that internal drive is going to be someone who's going to be willing to continue to grow continue to learn take advice from people who are higher level belts ask your professor as your Harlow of us. What can I do to improve myself and and I think if you're willing to be vulnerable in that situation and not take you know, criticism as Negative but look at if it's constructive criticism, you're going to grow, you know, and I continue to ask you or higher level belts. Like what can I do to improve right? And I think in a lot of ways that that's helped me kind of transform my game because you may have a certain game where you feel you're confident you're strong. Okay great, but if I can go through and come and evolve my evolution of my game into another technique another type of strategy on how I can utilize my my Realities that was going to help me grow. No matter what position I'm in but at the same time continue to evolve and learn and I think you have to be assumed the game that that such like an important factor, especially when you're dealing with like higher-level belt. You have to be open to criticism you have, you know, humble humbles. Yes 100% but at the same time you have to be willing to be able to say and constructive criticism this cause constructive. And for sure and not taking it in a negative, no was trying to give you at least myself. I'm not sure you because criticism to knock you down a peg. Yeah. I tried to give you criticism and even you Dan to help you out - yeah, I almost want you guys to submit me because if you guys something me that means I teach you right? Yes, and I meet and you said if you set me up to something to be like holy smokes like that's amazing. Yeah, and so on go ahead sorry no job. No and I think in a lot of ways the fact that you're willing. Lynn and open to be able to listen to constructive criticism, you take that internal drive to be able to educate yourself, but at the same time utilize that that knowledge that's being passed along from you from other people to evolve your game. Right? And if you're willing to do that, you'll grow 100% for sure. If you also you think you're a know-it-all Bluebell, I'm sorry. You're stuck. Yeah, you know and that's my perception on past. You know what I mean? Well, I think if you ever come into a mentality of that your cup is already full then you Already lost. Yeah. Yeah, you can't allow people come in though. Yeah, don't tell me this. Don't tell me that I can't take constructive criticism. You know, I mean, like let me roll the way I roll. I'm a Taekwondo black belt. Yeah. I put on a white bed. Yeah. Yeah. There's no translation, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead wear your black belt. Okay. I'm going to take that from me. I only wipe off I'll take that. Yeah. Yeah. The mindset of a blue belt because it is a long journey as I stated before but the mindset of a Bluebell not not only is it to do it more the vation swallowing your pride and the other suggestions about that. So I think the mindset you should have is to always be hungry right? I always want to learn you always want to you know, do what other people have done for you right help out the lower. Our belts, you know and and and always try to drive, you know to be to be hungry basically right now. You need to be if you're not moving forward. You're moving backwards. Yeah, so to qualify though, you said helping out the Laura belts you and I know I've called on you to like help people with the warm-up help people with yeah, starting techniques and stuff and I've even paired you up with brand new people who haven't even Yeah, YouTube man who haven't even sat on the match before right? And what else what has your experience has been with helping our new people? It's been great, you know or how has it helped you as a bluebird I should say. That's fair question. So I think it's twofold. Yeah. I really enjoy helping out, you know, not only just with the kids class but helping out with the the lower belts because you introduced yet introducing new students to the sport gets them comfortable right if they feel like hey, you know, This guy's trying to help me and they're not trying to hurt me. I think that's the biggest misconception when people have coming to a martial arts school or Jim was like hey, no, I'm not in shape. I don't want to do it. They're gonna beat me up. Yeah. I don't know what I'm doing. Well, that's where I think in a lot of ways we've come through where I'll send we've spoken to many people outside of Jim we've been hanging out for grabbing food. We're grabbing a beer just hanging out next thing, you know, people says so you guys are kind of like well, I've said this before you guys have been my biggest marketers outside of where the gym we get question all the time. It's like after classroom next thing. You know, we're grabbing a beer hanging out. What are you doing in your pants? What are you doing? Karate you do and next thing, you know, it's like we're we give them like honestly, it's the only dad didn't question. You not know know your buddy is buff. Is he bad? Even tell you how many conversations we've had. I would love to learn about this and a lot of ways. I think it goes to it's a it's a benefit to you for the culture that you provide that you've it created in your in your gym and a lot of ways like a lot of places before and do I wouldn't bring in people like you're going to get beat up, you know here it's more about it's not that close. I would never came here with my kids if I knew. Ooh, that was environment here me I could deal with it. My kids is different though. So when we go through and we talk to these people like oh man, it sounds amazing. You know, I've trained a little bit. I've done this this Dan and I always liked come in right we'll help you. We'll get you situated. We'll roll with you a even if it's just us you're in a stage where there's a safety zone. Yeah there and I keep telling people overall. It's like look, it's not about ego here if anything. You probably can't roll here. If you're one of these people that are too egotistical, you know, I think I think it would last long. No, they wouldn't they wouldn't and I mean we've had many examples. I'm sure where people have come in get Tapped Out left for pissed. Yeah, you know what? It's like, all right, you're a purple belt three striping you come in from another gym. You're pissed. Yeah. I wanted to tell you. Yeah, but but the reality is we have a nucleus of people here that are very welcoming very warm. And at the same time willing to spend time with you to help you one into your sport that you're interested in, but at the same time help you grow into one cavity, which is important, you know, I mean and for me and it's very unique to be able to see that hence the reason why you know, when I first came here, that's what we should be. Sure from go will come here. Yeah, you know, what's it's tough too because Like and that's just blue belt but like every vote is a every girl is tough. It's such a conservative ranking system that you find yourself being frustrated maybe even sometimes discouraged at certain Belcher. No sure and you know number of people even within our own Academy that are at that stage were like, yeah. I want to grow I want to get promoted like when the times probably you'll get. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of frustration and kick Us up Mmm Yeah, you know, it's it's not putting your time emotional. It's just you know, it's skill level and and for me like I'm pretty conservative to begin with so, you know, and and so I don't I like to keep up keep the Integrity of the belt system. It's important. Yes for sure because it's a tough ride. It holds everyone accountable. Yes dedication. Yes, I think at the same time. Yes, you know as you were mentioned earlier, I don't care what color belt I am. But if I'm growing as a person, I'm Running my technique. I really don't care who I'm rolling with because you can be a black belt and it's just animal blue coat, but I eat your lunch. Yeah. Well, alright, whoever gave your blue belt are your black belt? They really do an efficient job to be able to do that. Yeah, you know and went and when I train with you you push it out me yeah, you know if I try to Professor Ray or other Myron, you know, I feel like all right. I gotta be on my A-game to be able to compete even as much as I know but still be in a position to utilize what I've learned right right as as a blue belt to be competitive and there's going to be holes in my game. Yes. I know this but at the same time what? No, I want to be really really good at to be able to compete right right small calves your hair though Professor Myron, the only other Myron I've met I've never met a man named my Razor so a let me tell ya he's a black belt in Jujitsu. So I've never met him iron, right since I either route to Texas. I moved to Texas last year grow. I've never known my little three what I know. So who's the third might hurt so I have Professor Meyer here. Here we have the other Professor Meyer. You have a customer Meyer and that I attended this out. Run run. I've never met a new Myra never in my life. Me too. That was three Three hat while at least to have some guy's butt no, but you know what? I haven't met another Myron in my life and then the my read that I met here, he's a yeah, he's a black belt in Jujitsu. He's like straight retired Sheriff right retired, Pflugerville PD. Yeah. That's crazy, huh? I can't believe you met three. Yeah, three have never met him iron before. Yeah. Yeah, so dad your experiences go as a blue belt with with motivation. I mean, obviously you're the person that loves to learn you accept constructive criticism. Well actually accept is a bad word. You almost welcome to structure for the yeah, but you want to get better. Yeah for sure. Yes, there's not People like you though, I mean a lot of people are not like you not like you to John. Yeah. I don't know. What what's the advice to like the hobbyist blue belt that is like look like Josh said like frustration kicks in I want a promotion right? Sure. What was that advice you give them so I would say Enjoy your journey, right? Everybody's journey is going to be personal and individual if I what what motivates - to come train is going to be different. What motivates me to come train what's different from Professor Meyer to train or for anybody else to train? You know, so really I think the biggest key here is enjoy your journey, you know screw that. Yeah, I thought about that way. The journey is personal. Yes, you know where it's very very unique and what do you want to get out of it the problem though, you know some people, you know, they want to compare themselves versus their teammates, right? Like where am I? Who am I better than you know, well, I think that comes to when you train with people on a regular basis and as you continue to grow, okay, am I getting better and my still stagnant and and that's why I think the competition then comes into into play because you're training with people either an open map or you're going to a competition who is someone who is similar to your level your age range your way. Okay, great. Now I get to compete against someone. I don't know right, you know when you travel people who know your game. Okay, let's say Map for example heavy heavy Pusher. He wants to smash you. Okay, great have a same style. But in a lot of ways knowing how Matt rolls I kind of know how to position myself in situations to kind of be safe to wear. I know I'm not going to get tapped by this this Justice is this right? You know where I know it's a strong points where someone who you're competing against or add an open that they have no clue about who you are, but that's part of the evolution of grown because also when you said, all right, I'm coming in on Pete I catch someone. In this right? All right, cool. I did my part. I know that it was great. I get caught in something where I haven't been exposed to maybe it's something I got to work on, you know, and it shows strength it shows weaknesses, but at the same time it shows part of growth that's necessary to continue to evolve in where you're at in your particular status within your current dealt rank. Yeah. That's true. I mean, I think that There is a lot of I think there's there's a lot of people I think the majority of people is doesn't have your mind set mult of you. You know, I think American culture, I think it teaches us to be more meritorious for sure. So I think entitlement to write you give me a rhythm for competing. I'm gonna slap you do. Yeah. Yeah for sure not right. it takes time to take everything away yeah yeah yeah I love your participation rate exact that I wouldn't which is why I tell people metal yeah which is why I tell people I was like look hey if you get some Minion practice like tap I ain't Givin no you know metals like you know don't give her practice yeah don't get hurt but but that's part of it saying in that I think that's where as a student you know okay I'm going to situation right now this has a blue coat right I know I'm going to situation I'm ready EFT you know I mean I'm a top why because I could start over I can start in the whole process over again someone who is a white belt I'm going to try to muscle you I'm going to try to squeeze and I'm going to try to squeeze every amount of energy I have into saving my butt right reality is it doesn't matter how much time and energy you put into this you're done you're done right you know what I mean and at that point okay great meet your view tap or you pass out all right so now let's go into the next phase again right you know what I mean but that's part of like saying I know I know I know when I'm done. I know when I'm caught. Okay, great. I'm a I learned from my mistake. But at the same time it's like that's I learned from that moment. It's a tough pill to swallow. I'm sure that's heavy. Let's not beat around the bush just be honest like its toughness smaller yamini times. Have you caught me? And I was kind of just like and I would try to find it's like I'm done. Yeah. I know it's a tough pill and you have to eat it, but I think it's better is us as Inspite also best as Jiu-Jitsu practitioners. Sure. Yeah. Sure. You guys you have to know that a you beat you've been beat. Yeah, you gotta swallow it right and that that bet that I try to teach us at what I try to teach our children our children, mine yours and yours right now. They're all in our kids program sir. We have to teach them to look it is not about just participating that will get you a way or you a medal or a ribbon right it About winning. It's meritorious here. Sure, you get you get a medal because you have done something great. Perfect example, we were at Fuji right last year my daughter my youngest daughter who loves to compete right is like Daddy. There's only two people in the division. I can get a medal was like thinking to myself like I'm a damn. How do I tell my baby girl that look, I love you, you know and I'll be happy either way, but you do not deserve a medal if you lose when there's only two people during the bracket. So it's tough thing right? It's a tough thing to talk about and I had the conversation because she lost and he was tough, you know, like I did not want to have the conversation. No, but I think realization of expectations and what you're talking about is necessary in today's world all four. We have rough world. We introduce you it's one-on-one, you know, it's is not a team sport and what you put into your training is what you're going to be able to reap when it comes to submissions rewards championships and things along those lines and I think in a lot of ways, it sets kids up for better success because of the fact that Yeah, there's two three people in my division. Okay, great, but I still got to win one too to be able to win. Yes, you know what? I mean? It's not just going through the okay. I took third I get a medal. Yeah, it's not about that. I think it's like look you train regularly. You're competing. Okay, if you're competing you need to go to that level of saying I want to win not not just be mediocre, but I want to excel to my level to where I have an opportunity to be a champion. At this event laughs to give her all to like I'm happy either way, right? You know, what's your perception on the line? Right? Yeah. She's getting on income. But yeah, for sure. And with that being said though, if there are three people in the bracket she walking while she lost one. I would have been proud one understand over. I'm so proud of her losing when there's two people in the rack and she lost right, you know, did she get submitted to shoes? My points did was it was wrong? I mean, it's like yeah, so I'm proud of her regardless, I think. Think that there has to be a point though where we tell our children and this kind of flows to the blue belt with a thinking that as well is that people are frustrated. They think that there is a sense of entitlement or they feel like I sense of entitlement but it's the same with my daughter were he felt like all I gotta do is survive or are not even survive could have lost right to his girl by being submitted and so got a medal because there's only two people in the morning, right and That's the wrong way of thinking it is it is for sure one I think in a lot of ways that's what you know, I think expectations from parents and coaches and things along those lines impact a person's growth as in expectations. I think in a lot of ways being able to be able to say look, I don't want to be mediocre. I don't want to just get a medal to compete. It's like but that's not today's society though. No taste ideas. It's not. Hey, everybody participates. Everybody gets a medal. He goes home feel like a winner. You know, you lost Yeah, you know and I think that I'm not today they give six seven eight places. That's insane. That's horrible. Yeah, I mean think about the last competition you saw me and you coach me out to do with a 3-star blue belt whatever he's going to boot up nine years or whatever. It was and his coach was talking about. Yeah, we're like, yeah who cares, you know, you know what the thing is that it's not the fact that I mean at least to me. It's not the fact that we have to talk about it now and it was at a Fuji tournament and there's a small example made on my daughter the fact is that it sets the kids up for failure. It does that's because in the real world the world the world is me and she left. Yeah. It's right the world will not explain it to you as I will you know, even though look okay her out. I came in mean to on the mat. I'm strict. Not mean I'm very very strict on my mat. So when he was his trick, I think there's a certain expectation of What you want to outline that needs to be followed as protocol? Yeah, it's not mean. Yeah, I think I think it's unattractive and educational in a lot of ways where it's maybe there's black and white. I mean, it's there's not but there's not a lot of that may be at home that they're lacking. Yeah. So in this is where you bring that to them is definitely my way or the highway no, no, but there's nothing wrong with that but at the same time where kids to understand Professor Myron's expenses activist, but yeah, you know what at home. It's not like that. Yeah, you know you have a lot of parents are Go on your iPad do this. I have here don't talk listen participate give energy. You know what it's like all right in this you have a certain expectation of what needs to be met to be on the map. Right? Right, you know, I mean, which is something that they're lacking at home. Right? Right, which is important, right? Even though every time you've discipline my kisses like this. I look at you this one. Yeah for sure, you know sure because there's a certain thing that I do but when it comes from an outside Factor who somebody else yeah. Yeah, it's important. Yeah remain because egg your f---ing up right now. Yeah, I mean you guys and you know what? I mean, not just you guys, but I don't think any parent has told me like don't discipline my kids that way and my actually welcome the guys who held me close dad Jed sometimes. You have come in Jesse has come in and like yelling my kids because they have it too easy. I mean, but I'm here from your own parents. You don't it doesn't have the same level. No. No, there's nothing that I think I can I think I care is onto a lot of things because I coach baseball. I coach football if I tell my my son's like certain thing it goes in one ear out the other fast you are you to do it and you say something you discipline them about it, they listen and resonates with them because is also in someone else's tellement and I always encourage other coaches to discipline them because if I do it I'm being a You're being mean. I'm being mean I'm being a daddy. Yeah, it's like and I don't want to be that that father but at the same time if a person is being said by someone else it resonates with that child more and they take it to heart. Yeah, you know what I mean? And I always encourage that and I think it's so so important to have a coach discipline your kids because if they're not In a mindset where they're they're following protocol or they're not operating within the system that's being outlined. You need to check that. Yeah, 100% 100% I think we can go on the entire another episode about Minor disappointment. Well, I think I'm running out of time but lastly gosh any advice to any Bluebell right who has been a blue belt for a while you Above two years. Yeah, who is frustrated at the system right the system being that you know, I got to move on to purple after that. And you know, I've been severely quite sad and very well against my peers and I'm doing pretty good against purple's right? What's the advice you give them? Be open to criticism be open to learning continue to want to evolve don't be stagnant in in your own mind set to where you think, you know everything because the reality is from from the the multitude of people that I've trained with. There's always something better and at the same time to be a student the game, like I said to be a great follower of be a great leader, you have to be a great follower. So you're going to take your bumps. You're going to take your submissions you're going to take. criticisms but at the same time be open to that in put in the effort to grow don't don't take it as a negative take it as a positive that someone who's an educator and give you insight to how to better your game based on people who train with you on a regular basis to be able to continue to grow if you don't do that in your in yourself, so self-centered and your close minded to that you're not going to succeed in the sport, you know, but at the same time if you're willing to To open your mind be open to constructive criticism then in existence instance, you'll be able to I think in a lot of ways evolve to that next level that you're looking to and I think that's important for my for my perspective for sure that it is that yeah. So I think that if you're a blue belt got couple Stripes you go to a new school, you know, you always have that that time frame where you have to earn your stripes kind of learned the system learn to school the way the structure the I kind of be the pillar be the example right so you have to You know put your time in there's there's no rush. You know, when you say you have your experience you've been training for a while. You would bouncing from different gyms when you go to new gym, you have to essentially you start over a little bit right because you don't have that same. That same, you know time that you put in Riley's other schools. You have to you have to put your time in with the professor. You have to put your time in with the other students and even from a black belt perspective. There's a evaluation process and those are sure right, you know, so, you know, I think it's important before you can. Level up somebody you have to make sure that you evaluate. Hey, is this guy a good fit for our school? Right is this guy a good fit for this level that I'm going to promote him to write, you know, I think just I would say the biggest thing is to put your time in and and not rush the process, you know, when it's ready. It's ready. It'll happen, you know, and I've asked you many times like hey, what can I do to improve my game? I for sure have higher built in the constructive criticism and there's times we tell me do you Great today, there's times when you're feeling like you're just kind of stagnant, you know, it's like you know and for me, it's like okay. Well, what do I do? Gotta do to better myself actually, you know for the most part a lot of our higher level guys who are blue belt. Are very very open to constructive criticism and they come up to me maybe the daily sometimes that they asked me, you know, I mean everyone yeah almost you know, I mean, it's not everyone everyday but porn though, I think oh, yeah, you know, I'm sure and and someone who's willing to say Professor. What can I do to get better? Yeah important to be able to continue to for sure what I roll with Professor Jordan or somebody who's better than me. I always ask them and I'm a black belt right? I always ask like what can I do better than I do. Ask because I already know it's like Kate stop sucking and then stops. I don't even think it's that I think I think you know you it's so funny. You're such a student of the game that we're at home and we're chilling on Nick. Yeah. See this cat on his phone like days. I check this out. I'm like he's like, all right, you know, but at the same time you have a put the bottom part of your heel by said that spider guard, you know, but I think in a lot of ways, I think Dan He said, Correctly, it's like being a student of the game accept constructive criticism and don't take it to heart use it as a tool to get better. Yeah sure and I think that's a very very important today's world especially in our class for sure Academy and if you want to get better then be open to it. Yeah. If not, don't ask. Yeah, you know and stay on your game and stay so shitty. I'm sorry a lot of guys though who don't ass or don't feel that way and not leaving anywhere and what we said from the beginning is that there's a lot of About us out there who remain bluebells who just got their bluebells will never be comfortable most true. It's true. Yeah, and that's the sad part about it, you know, give him a thousand hours dude. I'm putting in time. So I was like, hey, I'm working my way up and you know, it's like, you know, I rolled me out on a daily basis, you know, he's a he's a 220 pound monster and it's like, you know, the reality is it's like asking sure how psychic what can I do to get better? Yeah, you know, I ask you it's like, you know, you're only 175 whatever maybe Yeah, and it's like, how can I get better? You know, right could Professor air comes out to me? He's like you need to do this. Stop muscling this this professor Ray is definitely not 175 and swimming pool. Yeah, you know, even when I was talking with the other day when he came up to my God, what can I do better on this one pass? He's like dude. It's like you could have done this and it would have been like I couldn't move anymore. Yeah, you know just I don't know what he is like purple belt as well. Yes. yes yes yes for me it's like I think that that inside our because it's like okay if I wouldn't miss the sure I could have done a little bit better on this you know I mean so it just helps again all right it did you get off your chest then we're about our in right now I think we I think it's good you know what I mean I think it's good yeah I think you're doing a great job here dude and in the funny thing is anyone who wants to come and train have fun enjoy like a great community of people who embrace you teach you you educate you make you better come over to our spot if not this might not be the spot for you if you have an ego and you think you're you know everything that you need to be all right great but you know I think in a lot of ways that the culture of what we've created here it's one reason why I stay yeah so appreciate the kudos to you brother thank you brother yeah alright guys so second episode we did pretty good our in thank you for being on our Bruce That kind of spur of the moment not well do it again though, and we'll see you guys on the last episode or excuse me the next episode of in the Deep. Thank you everyone for listening to the latest episode of in the Deep. I'll be here every Tuesday. You can follow me on Instagram at Professor underscore miring 808 or on Facebook miring caught mihara or at our website www.weg.net Round Rock.com.