Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the creatorWith a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies. You watched on Nickelodeon. He did all that. He did The Amanda Show. He did Jake and Josh iCarly good burger Victoria's he did so much should like literally so much to you. He was involved in like a lot of Nickelodeon things for so long for decades. I think that plays into the part of why it was so hard to cut times cut ties with him eventually, which they did in 2018. They paid him 7 Million dollars we see are you fucking kidding me? He's pissed much money. It's always agreed. That's my cat may see anyway, yeah, they paid him seven million dollars to leave Nickelodeon. He had worked in from 1993 to 2018. So a long fucking time and yeah, so For a while Dan Schneider has been an alleged sexual predator and also just a quick note before we get too into it will probably talk about some triggering things. If you will. Yes child abuse things like that. If any of that is hard to listen to our stomach I get that so but that is a very prevalent Topic in what we do like what we do talk about with Dan Schneider. So yeah, just a click off if you Instead of to those things. Yes is understandable. Yeah, but it's been a while that he's been alleged to these sort of things. It's always specifically his young underage actresses. A lot of notable names would be like Amanda Bynes Ariana Grande Jennette McCurdy, Victoria Justice and Jamie Lynn Spears is a big one. Yeah. I feel like out of all of those names that are in a Grande's the most like at this point, you know is the most successful out of all of them and it's crazy that she is considering everything that And she's the one that hasn't broken down though, like respectively speaking. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, but yeah, so a lot of big names he's discovered a lot of young Talent like his first big Discovery, like before anyone was Amanda Bynes and she was performing like a stand-up show as part of some camp at the Laugh Factory in La which is like a really big venue that a lot of stand-ups go to and he and A few other producers were in the show and he found her there and put her on all that which is kind of like SNL for kids in the early 90s like a lot of just get skittish it like I feel it makes a lot of stuff came from all that to write like The Amanda Show came from that and then the good burger and we have a quicker but like Keeneland looking in college. I like that kind of stuff. Yeah, and then Drake Bell and Josh Peck were both in The Amanda Show and then they got Drake and Josh kind of like all these little you reverses that spin off each other. Yeah, that's crazy. He did part of Schneider's Bakery which is kind of grossing name, but I don't remember but I remember watching like all those shows when I was little and like I would always see that that like the end. Yeah, I remember that is weird. And so even after that to he was kind of tied to Amanda he wrote for the movie Big Fat Liar that she started in starred in. And he produced her show on ABC Family called what I like about you. I woke up after even after she got away from Nickelodeon. She didn't get away from Dan Schneider, which is wild. She always talks about him as like a father figure, which is it probably plays a lot into like why it was hard to break away from whatever happened in 2002. There was an article that came out from the LA times and it was called groomed to be all that which you I'd think would be about sexual grooming but it didn't mean that but also it kind of alluded to it and one of the quotes that article was it was a two weeks leap away calmly boot camp that Dan Schneider ELD with like a team of big, you know, Hollywood people and one of them was a dialogue coach named Brian Peck and Brian pack has a literal convicted child molester. With one of them being he has eight counts of sexual abuse and one of them was being under anesthesia or content or controlled substance. So it's not like Dan where it's just like rumored and it's just kind of like a potential Open Secret, but it's like yeah, he with kids under the age of 13. I think alright still if these are the type of people that Dan is surrounding himself with it kind of makes Him looks us if you have to look at labeling Italy at the very least. Yeah, and we'll talk about it later. But an old Nickelodeon actress who's on Zoey 101 for a couple Seasons. She posted a picture of like multiple men that worked on Nickelodeon that were like she was alluding to like child predator and one of them was Brian Peck and other one was Dan Schneider and there was a couple other guys that were on there, but it kind of seems like they all Teach other in a weird no prefer. I feel like that's how those things go. And I know you have your thoughts on Hollywood predators and stuff. That would be separate. But yeah, I think in businesses like this they all tend to enable one another. Yeah, especially when they see like one guy can get away with it free for all at that point just one guy can get away with it and I still have friends and And be able to have networking opportunities and it's like okay. She's taking it away with it. What's stopping me? There's nothing as opposed to have a friend. That's just like them they find their kind which is gross. It's like fucking like having a mutual interest in like music or something. That's actually treat it except it's something that like you usually can't talk about so like figuring that out about someone else's probably like gold for them, which is just fucking throat. They have an enabler here. Yeah, but there is a podcast call or there is a podcast called revenge of the sis and they have looked into Dan Schneider quite a bit and they had someone phone in once who was a formal former kid actress and she talked about like her time growing up in the industry and she once went to one of those like comedy bootcamp things at and Schneider's house or whatever and she said a lot of the kids were like forced to take off their shoes and show Dan like their feet. and as part of the audition, I know as part of the audition process though, like that was weird lines just take off your shoes and run around and she goes no, I mean as a kid I can't imagine like Being put in that position like and what would I think I wouldn't know. I don't know if I would think anything of it or not, but obviously she thought there was something wrong so she told her mom and when she did her mom asked Dan why he'd want to see kids feet and why that was part of the process and I didn't get any like she didn't get an answer or give an answer, but she said like a lot of the kids that they were discussed when they were discovered. They were discovered by the pool. So I mean were they in bathing suits like Like was like the the hotspot to find talent and she named drop that like Megan Fox and Hilary Duff were also at these types of camps and such which is wild because those are still big prevalent, you know. Yeah, so it's just kind of crazy to think that they had completely unsupervised. Like time with these kids they're adults around. It was just they had they had complete control and the kids didn't really know any better. I mean, I mean whether they wanted to get into the industry or not. I don't think they would know whether that was right or wrong for sure. Especially is like just as a child. Yeah, they have no like I was saying earlier about being like the 10 or whatever and not understanding like the meaning behind something and the intent behind something there it is there. Kinda like exist make their way and do stuff and they didn't know what that doll is thinking they are on a pretty part of a scheme. Yeah. Yeah for sure. I think that sort of goes back to like the podcast last week where we were talking about Drew Barrymore. Yeah, and like how her mom had her doing those things. But like I'm sure she had no she didn't know why I was right or wrong. No, it's just Norm for her. Like especially like for her to choose an ETA, I think when she was five, so like before she could really inform like I don't know. I don't remember much when I was like five but like Five are like six on I feel like you kind of start to grasp what's going on around you and being in the Gulf would be reality that's not normal at any point in time. No, sir, but especially regarding like sexual things. I feel like you don't start to understand that until you like her maybe like 14 15 until you start to actually understand depending on like your upbringing but until you actually see those Things in the media and understand like this has romantic intent or this has like a chef is like sexual intent like that kind of thing. So drinking and stuff like that is one thing because I feel like you might understand if you're doing that at a young enough Aid you understand like, okay. I'm doing this. This makes me feel this way, but you don't understand someone else's sexual intent until you understand it. Like yourself experience. Yeah. Yeah a kid or a teen to be able to understand that and that is why there's consent laws and legal laws apply after Dan kind of like work his way through Amanda, which is gross but after he had to move on the Zoey 101 show was created in the early 2000s and Jamie Lynn Spears. Years was kind of like his new focus at that point. I mean she was the lead in the show and also like the Spheres family was heavily involved in making of that show. Like I think Britney Spears was involved. I think she did something with the music and then there's their brother was one of the co-producers or something or really? Yeah, so there's like multiple spheres members involved in the project and aside from Jamie Lynn Spears being the Lead. Yeah, I don't remember how many seasons they had before Jamie Lynn Spears got pregnant, but it was a favoring it was enough for them to get like a good following. Yeah. Sure. So before her pregnancy, her pregnancy was even announced there was rumors that Dan Schneider had gotten her pregnant by assaulting her. Yeah, but it was yeah. It was kind of just like a like a word of mouth thing. No. Yeah. Again, this is everything we're talking about is alleged it. There's a boot never actually been any like anyone that has spoken out about him like in the me to movement. There's not been any one that specifically gives him but there's just been a lot of Suspicion forever. So yeah that was kind of a thing before and then after it was announced there was people were talking about how before it hit like Hit Men. Magazine stands and whatever they had to like Curious to make it to make it seem like it wasn't her pretty much just repeat that like I'm going to cut out that falling or whatever it just repeat that they had to carry a story. Okay. So the maddening somewhere. Um, so yeah after it was rumored that Dan was the guy who got her pregnant and she wasn't dating anyone. Anyone at the time they had a curious story for her that made her seem like she had a boyfriend like and it was a reasonable enough story. That was like awesome. Wholesome enough that yeah. It's not great at a 16 year olds pregnant, but at least like her boyfriend is like conventionally good-looking and they said they met at church and they had dated for a while before then so it kind of seemed okay, I guess. But after that broke, apparently Star Magazine posted an article where the supposed father of the baby whose name's Casey Aldridge spoke out and said that he ended the relationship because he wasn't the father of the baby and he was tired of people giving him shit for it like because he was only 18 and she was 16 which is within like legal law of Alabama or whatever the fuck they said they like met. So that article got taken down but another article uploaded it and that's why I read it. Um, yeah, they said the man that made me suspect is a father whoever would face charges in probably prison time. If you were to come forward and admit he had sex with the star the magazine states to separate species family member insiders believe the father is someone who works on jamie-lynns kids show I'm with she's been working on since she was 13. So I mean through Weaver's of potential assault and grooming is nasty in its own but there are also rumors that he did the same thing to Amanda Bynes and paid a lump sum to get an abortion and to christ-like sign an NDA is the clear agreement to not say anything. So, I mean, there's rumors that he's done this to multiple. Actresses. Yeah, and someone posted a picture. I don't know. If you looked at it of like a side by side comparison of the kid like Jamie into Dan Schneider and they were like a couple of facial features that do kind of match up but I mean, there's no way to say actually say yeah the right now, I think the lip thing was the most notable to me. Like there's any kind of a family lip shapes. Yeah, like under their lips. Their eyes are kind of similar. In comparison to like she looks more like Dan Schneider than like Jamie. Yes, who which is in this picture does not look like how I remember her at all 16, but also doesn't even look like yeah. She doesn't look like the person that I watched on TV for like years weird. Which is wild but actually one of the I think I've mentioned her earlier. She was an actress on day one. Zoey 101 for two years. My name's Alexa something. Sorry. I didn't memorize that it seemed very unprofessional. She's talked a lot. Right? I know I don't want to say wrong either. Um, her name is Anna Nicole in real life, and she's talked a lot about the set. Set of so we want to one being very abusive and fucked up a lot of like bullying from Jamie Lynn Spears and like the other cast members gaining up on her and there was pictures that came out last like late last year in 2019 of like all the cat like Zoey 101 cast members together for reunions and Dan Schneider was there and everyone was there except for Nicole and Jamie Lynn. She liked commented on the pictures and said like we're literally 30 years old. Like why did no one invite me like this is a mess and after all that like went down that picture of the Nickelodeon creep club, which was like I said those guys that had all worked for Nickelodeon and had either been convicted of being child Predators or were accused of doing that. So and she's also posted other pictures of On Instagram that have eluded that something has happened like she posted a picture of all the girls from Zoey 101 and said like the time I was 12 and was taught to be boy Crazy by a network of producers stop such sexualizing children on kids TV shows teach them to be like crazy about yourselves and like to empower yourselves instead of boat. I don't know. It's just like all this. Yeah all the stuff that I mean she had to have gone through and see have seen something she talked about a time to like the Spheres family was so in control of that show that she was like literally chased that my Britney Spears and said you will not like fuck with my sister. I promise you you will never work again in this town. And after that her character was cut from the show like Nicole was in any other Seasons past season 2 translation would be work. In Hollywood again after that. Yeah for sure. You know, she's she's seen some stuff and I think do you feel like they are contractually like aren't allowed to say anything that happened or do you think they just don't because it's like scary. I think it could be like a combination of things. I don't know for her if they would be like any Contractual things but man, I mean if she was paid off at any point secretly and we don't want I mean and that could have been something but she's being pretty pretty gutsy to like a lewd to a lot of things to if if that were the case. I feel like you wouldn't even be touching it with handful pool is that anything like that happened? But I mean if you look at Amanda Bynes and she was paid off in her teens she's not holding. Back in the house. So she's which we'll talk about at some point too. But yeah Twitter she's talked a lot about abuse. She suffered as kid, and I don't think she would legally be allowed to do any of that if Something like that were in place. I don't know more truth. Wild. We could do a whole separate podcast good. Yeah, she's getting into and through some shit though. I feel bad for ya know. I remember I remember when she made that first Twitter and she first started popping off on Twitter 2013. She tweeted Drake to murder her vagina. Yeah. That's what the first tweet that I remember it and then she just kept going and then I remember she disappeared for a really long time. Yeah, I think she went to rehab she said she was on crazy drugs when she was like going through that spur. Yeah, if except that it makes me so sad that he liked people that I watched as a child like go through that stuff like like Justin Bieber like really the whole thing about his drug usage very off topic. But yeah, Is relevant because I mean when you're seeing this stuff as a kid, you just see your idol. You don't ever think of anything going on in the background now an option is if you don't think I should yeah because I watch I don't really watch iCarly anymore at all. But like me and Leah and her little brother will watch like Drake & Josh and we'll watch like Victoria sometimes and like when Victorious came on Netflix, I was watching it and I was just thinking like so many of these jokes are like really fucked up and like I don't know why I thought they were funny as a kid and like it's funny still I guess in a way but like it's just not like appropriate stuff that I should have been watching when I was like 12 or 10 or whatever, you know. Yeah, it goes past the wing like what I know now about Dan Schneider. Yeah, it goes fast the point of like writers slipping stuff in for the adults that are watching with their kids to the point where it's like he's sexy with get away their the yeah. He said when he point Sexualizing them and is like one of the biggest things that are developing mustard dip our toes. There's a lot at one point in the early 2000s. The Nickelodeon logo was literally a giant-ass orange foot five toes and all that his like peak of every doubt what they gave him a lot. I'm sure he did. Listen not to like King Shame him or anything. Whatever if you have a foot fetish that's your your prerogative. But yeah, he really liked went all out to such as the kids. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Whatever do your thing in the privacy of your own home, whatever you but don't like do it don't involve children. Yeah, and don't write it into the show's premise for Wrong friends don't sue my just fucking like few minute long shot with the feet like a whole skit about it. Like really there's so many he filmed so many hit Ariana Grande streaming seen on Twitter was a big was like two minutes of yeah ran aground being sexualized and it was literally her having to like suck on her feet bend over backwards like go upside down on a bed and dump water on herself and it was just like, why was this fucking put on TV? Like we're literally at one point was anyone watching this. And be like this Yep. This is not good. This is not what you know, it goes through so many people that like multiple people saw that scene they edited it. They produced it. They did like a lot of shit with it and they still were like this should make the cut. Yeah, we talked about that with like Logan Paul and his yeah. Oh my God. Yeah, I think about that so much with stuff now. Like knowing what it what goes into editing and knowing what goes into television and YouTube and stuff like that like yeah created. So many people that it goes goes through before it makes the Final Cut there was I mean, obviously this is all very like deep conspiracy shit, but it was a thing that a guy that runs Nia come which is like Nickelodeon's parent company or is if I come I come not nigh come. Sorry. I don't know how to pronounce it, but I think I'm gonna read Stone he's like literally a hundred fucking years old and he is like a very very very rich man who has a lot of power and a lot of say there were rumors like in the early 90s 2000s about Dan Schneider and accusations and shit and eventually like Summoner found out about it, but there was some sort of like like we talked about enablers enabling Dan like paid, A big money to get like background checks on Redstone and found out his own predatory behavior and they kind of had like a mutual agreement. Like I'll keep quiet if you do kind of thing and so since he's still very much in charge of Viacom or whatever. He had a lot of protection over Dan, but now that dad's gone. I mean not so much more but that was one of the things that people thought kept him around Nickelodeon for Long was that sort of like Shield? Yeah, but so I think people knew I think I mean when you think about like Jeffrey Epstein and all those other kind of things and Weinstein people knew there was always is always an Open Secret kind of the other people. Yeah, that's a good way of wording an Open Secret of like people know enough like enough people know that it could very well get out which is kind of like, I wonder if that's scary for those people like me. I mean not that I should like emphasize of those people at all. But I wonder if that's scary for them. Those people that are holding that secret for if it's like well, I'm sure it's terrible. Yeah, I mean thinking I mean like in the moment you probably don't give a fuck cuz you're getting your rocks off or whatever you sick fuck. But I mean at the end of the day if that kid goes home and tells her parents and they file a police report. You have no control over that at that point. I mean besides paying someone off or using Connections for your own good but the point is I why do it if you have that genuine fear like I don't for the perversions it all the way up. Yeah. I mean, that's it and I think part of it we talked about it a lot in my in my rhetoric class. We talk a lot about power shifts and knowing that you can get away with something and that being the pure reason why you do it like we talked a lot about Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky. Yeah, and just Bill Clinton doing it for the sake of knowing that you could know for sure. And I'm sure that's the case with him exactly. That's a lot of how I think Hollywood works and specifically this Dan Schneider and like only the period of stuff like yeah like yeah, like you said they see one guy get away with it too. And then it's like yeah, it's like I can do that. Yeah, I can I can I can befriend this person that also does it? It's like a whole like actually get in. I can't yeah, I can easy access to these kids and I use the sermon Open Secret because there's a documentary on child abuse in Hollywood called an Open Secret and it's from a credit guess. It's a fucking trip. If you ever have the time to watch it. It's free on I think they uploaded on Vimeo because they wouldn't get funding for it and they can post it anywhere. So they just posted it for free so they could get the word out. Doubt board. Oh, yeah, and it's just like it's not just the producers either. It's like these kids managers. It's that Executives. It's a whole as it's a whole lot of levels of people not giving a fucking people over making things for I mean if you think about how much money Dan Schneider has probably brought in from just like TV, but from yeah merchandise like I don't know everything. Yeah everything. I'm sure I'm sure. He was such a large part of Nickelodeon punch mob. Yeah, he was like the biggest dude and I think just like combining all of the things he created sort of made him bigger than SpongeBob. You know, he had so many different Outlets of Television going at once like I think I think Drake and Josh her no iCarly and Victorious were happening at the same time and then like a short period famine cat happened pretty shortly after. ER yeah, it was just like it was all within a span of like a year because he reuse the same Stars. Yeah, he could he had found his he found he finds like his few favorite that he can reuse like he picked Drake & Josh from The Amanda Show after Amanda was and then he put some agency from yeah, and then I and then I think honestly, I think Victoria Justice was on iCarly before pictures is where the thing she was on the way 101 to. Oh, yeah. She wasn't so I went when I forgot about that. So she he like took a dislike for Cycles people and he for who he thinks I think he also had a show after salmon cat. I figured it was called. It's just had one danger Henry Danger or some shit and I've heard of that one and like you said like he was going until 2018. So he had a lot of he had a lot of shit going on even after the stuff that we watched. Yeah, and we I mean I After Victoria's basically, I didn't really watch it consecutively but I watched all of it. I watched Victoria's I want salmon cat. I was a big I'm still a big Ariana Grande fan, you know that but I was a big fan of person actress for some reason and so I watched him a cat do like a fella ended and I think that was probably the last show that I watched of. Yeah. I watched a little bit of work. Yeah, it's crazy there. Have you heard of something called? Like a blind gossip site? No explain it to me. I hate that. I look into it because there's nothing about it that could that proves it's like valid but there are a few a few big sites once called blind gossip on one's called crazy days and nights and it's true like anyone that like runs the site or there's usually one or two guys or whatever that run it and they'll post these Anonymous kind of like clues that are very vague and you have to put together the facts of who it could be about absolutely like this tweener star from to Nickelodeon shows was caught doing coke at a rap concert this weekend and then like anyone that views a Blog could write in and guess who it's about and then they could post it like a month later and like after news outlets have covered it in magazines or whatever. They'll be like, we covered it first. It's verified. This story was about Ariana Grande or whatever. That's crazy. It is so it's it's people that have ties into the Hollywood industry and then they go ahead and kind of expose your bullshit. It's anonymously said, yeah and the one crazy days and nights is supposedly supposedly run by an anonymous Hollywood entertainment lawyer who goes by like the Coin NT and he's been running his sight since like 2006 or 2007. Well, it's like a very very long time and he posted like a blind as what they're called. He posted a blind that was very vague and it talked about like a teen show and it said while the show is being filmed guest stars would show up high or know that they could get great drugs even the cast was so young the their episodes of the cast members don't even remember shooting because they were so wasted. Sex was everywhere and the problem for the network was the age of the cast somewhere above 18 and somewhere below and parents were always calling and screaming and exited Executives Feud every day that there would be some type of statutory rape claim or some lawsuit filed by a parent or extra on the show every day the show aired the network felt like they were rolling dice. You had a knock before opening a closed-door because inevitably inevitably someone would be doing drugs or having sex one of the bigger drug users and sexually active cast motor cast members was Her own show or close to her own show. She had producers fooled into thinking she was an innocent member and they paired her up with someone who spouted Bible verses and producers thought she went to church every time I read multiple times each week and that was inevitably inevitably revealed to be about Victorious. So people kind of put together that Ariana Grande was the one that was doing drugs and stuff and they paired her up with Jennette McCurdy. Hi and let you know it's not real but like there are multiple. I mean if that Victoria's ended abruptly no one wanted the showed up and it was doing very well. Like you said it's not real before lines on Victoria. For now, it kind of makes sense because like their roommate Ariana. I mean there were rumors that her movie projector. There are rumors that Ariana and was encouraged by her mom to like, oh my god really, you know to you know involve herself with the producers to get ahead and that's why I mean if you think about it, Victoria wasn't the star of that show. No one liked fucking Tori. No one at all. No one wanted me and my friends where they were victorious and they were in an interview and they were doing like Pearl itive. Yes. Yes. Yes. There are rumors that I mean Ariana Grande like a lord to that there was bullying bullying on that set and Nicole the girl who played Or Alexa, I don't know but if it's a girl from Zoey wanted to thank you. Yes, fuck she said in she posted like this long Instagram live interview with some dude, and she said she was close friends with Victoria because her family like their families knew each other growing up and after she got on Zoey 101. She started bullying bullying her and like turned on her completely and look like you're bullies on one. Yes, she does and so I don't like validated the fact Act that are in a grand is Ariana Grande said there was bullying Victorious set. I mean, especially if Ariana Grande can sing way better than God is God is a woman T and especially like if she was I mean supposedly I mean involving herself with Dan and his friends or whatever he gave her better lines he gave her. More of a focus on the show and inevitably gave her her own show. And do you think that he German I'm sure he had a say in like her getting her own show. So do you think that he had to say in the writing process or did he just create it or was he also like I think he's always involved because like he had Ali. Yeah. He is a he had a Blog where he would like post facts about creation of like iCarly and Victorious. Look at that. Yeah, and he said like one thing he's like one of these one line from whatever fucking episode wasn't originally there but I last minute added it while filming ordering I don't practice or whatever. I don't know purple. Yeah rehearsal fuck. Sorry. I'm gonna feel it uncalled for About The Insider, I don't I deserve it. I'm sure but yeah, anyway, there's like shit like that where I don't know. I think he has a lot of control especially if he has Model A lot of monetary power over this. I don't know and I mean it I'm talking about go ahead. Sorry. I don't even know what I was gonna say. Go ahead promise. Schneider went to one of our integrand is concerts right the speaking just while we're on the Ariana overview with Embrace. Like was it like like the sweetener to her? Yeah. It was November 2010 So within six months. Yeah number one are a fan right here. It was I mean because I just looked up the Tweet. Yeah. He posted a picture with Ariana Matt Bennett. And Liz Gillies. Oh, yeah. Okay. That was when they were going well fuck I forget where they were at. But that was when Liz and Matt like performed at her show. Did you see that? Yeah, I think yeah. I have an event that would have. Yeah, they were there and so I mean it's wild to think that they would still hang around someone like that, but I don't know. I mean he Dan. I don't know it's hard because if Ariana did involve herself with him and she felt like it moved her career forward its again are going to stand please don't come for us but these are all folks. They're always listening and this is our most viewed one, but I think that if she did involve herself with him, and she was still on terms with him didn't she would have no reason not to like engage that I feel like uh, Ariana also like doesn't really involve herself with a lot of drama almost she doesn't speak out a lot about Dramatics that happened behind the scenes. Yeah and is all that stuff. I can't remember if this isn't related to that but I can't remember when everything with Taylor Swift happen if Ariana spoke out on that or not like with Scooter Braun and all of that. I don't think so. I know but I don't think he did. I don't remember who Okay, but I remember Liam Payne spoke out for just like in support of Taylor. No, I don't think it was on drugs and Liam Payne was like you're so strong. Thanks for speaking. Oh my God. It makes me sad like other people in the music industry though. Dan Schneider is friends with dr. Luke and if you don't know who dr. Luke is. He's very well known as Kesha's abuser. I know I don't know if he was her manager how I don't remember but he had a lot of power in her contract with rubber company. She was with and since Dan Schneider was actually friends with this fuck he wrote and produced the theme song for victorious which all has some sort of connection to Dan Schneider and Ariana Grande and I think she's on the same label. I don't know if that's true. Who though of that Ke$ha was by a Ke$ha was actually like a whole focus of a Victorious episode. They had like a contest going to see cash on concert or something and they all had to like find ice cream Lids. I don't fucking know but and also Kesha put her unreleased songs and like melodies or whatever as like Transitions and songs into Victoria's so whatever didn't go on her album. It was put on that. Really? Yeah, which is weird Frank. I mean fuck. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. It's weird to think of those connections. Like I would never think that I mean besides Kesha being like a Victorious episode. I would never think that like the producer of that show and her abusive manager. Whatever were friends. Yeah. I don't know. It's just very very weird. I would mm were like a different time like it. fucks given super fucked up, but everything was like Really interconnected. Yeah, just like the point ends in like Generals, you should again watch an open secret documentary every month the towing a get that fucking and seeing the connections are though one of like, I think his name was Marty Weiss. He's in that documentary and he was a big big Nicky look Nickelodeon like kid manager and also of this is kind of relevant the dude brand pepper earlier. That was a convicted child abuser. He Also working on a show with what I don't know what it was but he was working with Leonardo DiCaprio very closely in a show. Oh, really? Yeah, and there's videos of him. Like, you know, I think you and said would you say you just kept going? Well? Yeah. I mean, I don't hate you. He doesn't need to be 58 in between. About him and you like popped off about how much you didn't like him because he kills the environment more than he helps it and all this stuff. I mean so yeah. Yeah. Like a couple which is a weird thing to say but like Leonardo DiCaprio young. Yeah, Kirk Cameron. No, it was when he was underage the show at the Kirk Cameron and I forget what the name is but like Leonardo DiCaprio had like his arm on his around his waist and his hand on his chest and it was like a very weird way for like, yeah, and he was purposely like trying to make his voice sound more feminine. And stuff it was like Leonardo was like mocking like a woman. Yeah. It was just weird. It was in knowing what this man was convicted of 10 20 plus years later, whatever. It was just it makes you look at it with a different lens. Yeah. I don't know. There's a lot to talk about with Dan. I think we've covered a decent Port of a portion of it, but We can go this think about cutting this off Eugene. I know I know everything I just want you to like I'm going to make a note of up cutting this segment, but I don't want you to like dive in with something like a yeah. I feel like we covered a good portion of it. The only thing I'm looking at like we didn't like talk about was I mean, but it was part of the foot fetish thing, which we can't go back on this like him on Twitter asking for p picks and on Instagram. We didn't talk about do you want to talk about Jennette McCurdy his whole take on all of it as yeah, we can talk about her connection. You heard designs and like all the all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds good. That's how I need to surround it. Okay, so I don't know. How do I like flow into it? I don't know you're a transition about music and Doctor whatever Luke was so smooth. And if any topping that fuck you literally can feel like our last topic. Yeah regarding dance either. Yeah while there's still so much to kind of delve into about Dan Schneider. The last thing we'll talk about is his connection if you will to occur T and who is also kind of at the same time of as are in a grande like a focus of his affection, which is Alice but seeing her on iCarly and she was also So on Zoey 101 to I think just for one episode. She played Zoe's little brother Dustin's love interest. So she has been with in the Nickelodeon like I for as long as which is weird, but I mean if they had her in that show Once you can come back and audition for iCarly and they'll be like, oh, yeah. I remember you. I liked you then you sorry ding. Sorry, I'm Daniella Monet. She played the great Justice stir on Victorious. She was on toy 101 or like a few episodes. She played Chase his girlfriend. Yes. I remember that awesome Butler was on that show, too. That's the classified to we had to look back in on that shit. Yeah, David danced Diner produced no seat for Creative Declassified or was that someone else? I don't think he did just because it's never listed in like The big big one. Yeah, but there's a new internet party. Sorry. If you're pretty she was on she's been tied back to Nick for a while and that combined with the thing. All right, P. She posted vines that people kind of connected to Dan Schneider. And one of them was just like a bunch of like random sporadic clips and she had like bruise like looks like bruises and like a black eye makeup done and she goes Dan Schneider. Look what you've done to me and it was Creepy like it just ended and you don't know what that means. You don't know if she's like. Making us a little call out or if she's mocking Amanda Bynes which people thought because she posted that like the same time Amanda was probably off on Twitter and then she posted another one that looks like a bunch of just bruises on her knees and her legs and her shins and she's like something about working on a kids show. We're working on a show and then she goes or maybe I'm just anemic or something. Yeah and just like I don't people can make that into anything but it looked weird. Yeah. It looks good. When weirdly kind where they shot. Yeah and going back to like the blind items and the blind gossip shit that we talked about. There was a post on one of the same sites that we talked about with the Victorious thing. Jennette McCurdy was like assaulted by a tutor on eye on the set of iCarly like she's 17 and it like all got swept under the carpet was very quiet and she complained to him to Dan Schneider. This guy assaulted her and he had him fired like immediately because like he was under her big she was under his protection basically are like she was a favorite which is gross but there are rumors that just like she had I don't know there's always rumors like she had like, I don't know. I don't know what the right won't leak out of them to worry about like it'd pull over everything sort of yeah because of the Dan and his crew like which It is weird, but she had a YouTube channel to her. She would post like singing and her own videos and stuff. And I don't remember what video it was. But one of the someone commented like I think you should talk out about Hollywood and children. I think you know what I'm talking about, whatever someone than they signed off and she had liked the comment but she didn't like other comments on the video. So how did it go from her being under like his protection or whatever to her. Because you said that at least in the dock so her and Miranda Cosgrove boycotted the Teen Choice Awards one here, right? Yeah. It is honored with a Lifetime Achievement Award. Yeah in 2014. Yeah, they both boycotted the award show Even though Miranda Cosgrove had won an award for iCarly. I think or something like that and with that 2014. Yeah. It's 2013 and 2014 so still when they were both. On air or yeah, Jeanette was at least and they had asked Ariana to boycott with them because they don't want to go and she said no and still showed up and then like that started a feud supposedly between them and and her and Jeanette and like there had always been like stories about them few days. Yeah Ariana and that's why Sam and Cat ended and but I mean we'll never fucking know will never actually no, yeah. Yes, I mean but it's interesting that it went from like her being under his whatever his production event. Yes to that. I think of her I think it depends how I mean how much money he made off her. I mean if he can use her as a reason to keep Sam and Cat going but then it would be worth it. But they were also like talks about how she earned less than Ariana Grande and that is heard about that to which I guess from like certain. I don't know it. I think it all depends on the talent and I'm going to sound like super biased because I like Ariana so much but I feel like a lot of people at that point. We're probably watching because Ariana was in it. Oh, yeah, she'd know what I mean. Like she had a following at that point. She had started her music career. Yeah, and she was so pretty relatively small but like now if it was like like I read I read online that There was this movie. What was it Dolittle? I think Robert Downey jr. Is in it it like it's in still in theaters. Dolittle had come out and I read online that they spent the bulk of their budget on Robert Downey jr. Like just on getting him into the film. Oh, yeah, because they have such I feel like depending on how harder hitting the actress or actor is the more money. They're going to spend on that. Oh, yeah. It makes sense that they made Right amount. Yeah, especially when Ariana was like starting a pretty decent music career. Yeah, exactly. And now she's like, you know, he's Way Beyond anything but do you owe that to Dan Schneider truly do you? Oh like her complacency or whatever to this gain to Dan Schneider like how I mean, which is not to say what not to say anything like that. I'm not the one trying to say but like I don't know. Did he help her essentially? Like dude? Yeah, would she be as big without him? Yeah, because there were like things that Victoria Justice denied any advances from him and he blacklisted her. There's lots of similar stories of that happens. I feel like that's probably yeah, I don't know and it's so it's so sad scary to think about is like it's scary to think that like Ariana wouldn't be where she is now without these advances again all speculation or EMS and don't come for us. But it's weird. It's weird to think about it's weird to think that like some of like our favorite people wouldn't be where they were now without like, I guess like the abuse and manipulation of Hollywood, you know what I mean? Like even like like One Direction like there was so much of One Direction that they were just like manipulate the media manipulated the shit out of like their relationships with each other and like there are certain skills and talents and stuff like that and without that like Harry wouldn't be as big as he is now and like, you know Just weird. That is weird Kim. Hey guys, this is Eric and post-production. Unfortunately while we were recording my computer kicked me out of the server we were using and I wasn't able to get back in and give a proper sign off with Cam. So I just wanted to get on here while editing and say thank you for tuning in with us for the last hour. If you've somehow managed to last that long you're just as crazy as us. So yeah. Thank you guys for tuning in really we appreciate it. And we apologize for the Abrupt kind of not put together ending that you're getting. We will be back next week. We'll be talking about a new Netflix show that just dropped this week. We both already finished it and we are ready to share unwarranted opinions. So if you have any interest in that be sure to tune in with us, and we'll also be using a new recording software. So hopefully we will have less Tech qualms and better content for you guys to listen to We will be with you then. We'll talk then and take care. Have a great week.