What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There'sCreation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into This game if you want to see how we do it if you want to be like the guys next door, make sure you download the free anchor app right now or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Peace. You know, you could be all the things you've always wanted to be beautiful. Sexy easiest. One, two, three. Listen, was it be come on? There's no beat when I rap. I told y'all niggas anyway. So ladies and gentlemen ago is still here. Yeah, I'm still here. I'm Alex Jones. I'm Echo. I'm Shane Mills. And this is the guys next door door door door. So this nigga is sick. This dig is so sick. Wow. Thank you guys for making sure we hit the mark man. We have Platinum. We are million-plus lessons in and that's all things to y'all. So shout out to the neighborhood. I think I should continue supporters. Make sure you follow New page on Instagram guys next door POD at guys next door pod. Make sure you follow Twitter got same thing, right Jay. Yeah it got an adult Pie. Make sure you visit the website guys next door pod.com. If you want us to come to your city on this torch a tell me what to do because I forgot you're gonna go to the guys next door pod website. There is a button that says gnd live tour when you click it. There's a form if you don't put on your prettiest, but if you try and be slick and do the same email six times I can see who is responding and they will be deleted so put on once for your city, but let us know what you want us to come. Hmm. No, I don't want that was on it. It's getting crazy. I got two or three if you guys want to let her read on are then, you know the extraction by this point. I sent two guys like don't want to 3 at gmail.com. If you have a secret name or Alias you want to use make sure you put it in the subject line or I'm going to read or Che is going to read what's in front of us. And if you ask for relationship advice don't don't but if you insist on getting some of this toxic 20 that I got for you no, no no. You make sure you send a picture of you and your significant other or the person you're after and so that way I know what type of advice to give you. I don't want to get fat people skinny people advice and I won't get pretty people other people advice want to keep the want to keep checks and balances the hip flexor Squad. Is it here? Don't fucking Vibe New York feel different New York. It really do. This is what New York City podcasting sounds like Shoutout to because you're gonna ask Mac and Mac is on the road working. Mac is a there's a new product new film Project being shot right now to Mac is on the road with that Ryan is in La handling some big business for guys next door. That job will be very pleased to hear about so I had to hold it down in the crib by myself. Um last week we had Dustin and a Gallego decided he wanted to stay, you know, this family members that you invite to the crib and they just stay and eat everything eat everything talking about Che okay. Wow. Wow, this is the type of food. That's type time starts. Now what the fuck is wrong with Jo majeure event. But what would you do if you sent a nigga a nude and he sent it back he went that way. Yeah, like Return to Sender like that shit was trash witness protection. I want I want I'm wiping the net of myself. I am moving. I am starting over. Wow, I did that before. How does that work though? You can't send back a new I did. I kind of like I copied it send it back to it and deleted it out of my part. Mmm. So I it can't it looked like it comes right back because I don't need that by the way to Golden Rule of news is when someone gives you a nude you have to delete it within 24 hours. I agree. That's what somebody could be trusted. If somebody sends you a new door sexy video any of that shit you got deleted because you know, somebody might have your password you might lose your phone anything happen, then you ride. I don't play like that, especially especially just in a climate where and and just it I'd much rather be over cautious when it comes to protecting women then not so yeah, once you send me that shit inside of me, I'm waiting for my notes. Delete, you know, it's toxic 20 swing it like, oh, let's talk about his heavy I go. I don't want we talked about taxes twenty last. Yes, we did not people have been asking since last week. They've been asking who hurt you everyone I could start from the 60s. Here that I was on this Earth my first girlfriend and yeah girlfriend at six. Yeah. You deserve to be heard. She was 21 you see ya. Wrap it up Square. I'm leaving actually that's lit its lit er6 in a 21 year old want you that's lovely. That's right. If you're a girl. Yeah, but for a blue no, it's still six years old. My little dick was hard and I'm trying to rub it on everything, you know the vibe. So if you toss it wasn't little e rape. Wow, if you are not a little girl, yes, but if you are a woman And you understand psychology when they sign a basketball player under the jail don't ecologist begin Mac. Don't the college's be getting the players. They get them to commit before they still be like Tim gray. So if you see me out here and you louder snake about to do numbers this little nigga fire. Great. Wow, no rape me and we're done. We're done here do many consent from women. I feel like now that I'm popping. I'm going to ask for consent. I need you need consent. So she had ads. Yeah. She has to ask me for it. How do you how would you want? Somebody asks you for consent? May I please have sex with you? I need to be an eye. I need to be out and you need to be like hey, I was just wondering if I could have you already know the Vibes bleep that shit enough. What would a venue at all be yours? So let's talk the talk what we talked about Hagar. Listen Okay, so yeah concern I we're equal. So I feel like there's certain things that you can say to let me we're not equal. I'm beneath nowhere and I'm trying to be further. I'm trying to be Bernie. Yeah. Yeah. You throw all this cash it about sex till I got I'm asking you not as a nigga front of you two weeks in a row got the smoke for you bad. And I asked you like you would you would be like you were fucking my like to fuck anybody up but why Wow generic Wouldn't even make it to the fight. So just looking at because women know like am I right right or wrong? Like women can look at a nigga and you could tell like oh, he can't handle me. He did it like you look at Agra. What are you thinking? She doesn't want to spend time talking to her move away from the microphone. I don't feel comfortable with this hot seat right now. All right. Now we gotta use Comfort. Now this now with a tough conversation. Let's talk about sports politics next door Che cut the shit. I know you got the man in front of you fine. What do if this was his prep Runner partner? What was that? We're doing a sports again. No, don't bring it back. What is that? Bring it back? Well, we we all get scared. Yeah, first take hmm. Now Che I'm skipping not check. I'm the bad joining little like now check you got egg on front of you. It's week one. You haven't been on the field with him yet. What do you think? He's bringing to the table? I mean, I would have to see more from him. I haven't exactly decided. I need to see more highlight tapes. I need I need I need the Car Fax the whole facts dig facts. I need I need you. I just need to know I need to do my research. Wow. Now knowing you and what you bring to the table, what are you sure that you would do to this man? Like I would talk about sucking his thumb. He's gassed off you talk about are we talking about he's copying your Wick buying you a new iPad. I'm a family meal it chasing after you get married. I see what you did there. It's not funny. Is only 12 know and we listen and we listened as she talked shit every episode y'all hear me, but now I'm here. You're near me what you don't learn about post. You don't want to beg you don't wanna cause what's the one thing I always say what you say what you say. I am choosing that you said that but then we disproved you. So choose it, you know, you did it because in both those cases I did my own shoes. Seeing now you got Euros for you did not get chose you some he chose someone else that that was an option. I was always on the table because I was his fault. He's dumb for that. Are you dumb sir? But anyway, what are we talking about? I was trying to get shade not to be pushy. But um, yo guess that's what she's gonna be today. I think it's special. We got some good letters. Let's all this is right. Let's run through the letters. We got echo in here Chase here. Let's She sweats in her life. I'm not sweating nigga. Do what and chain on the pocket. Yeah, man. Daddy Patty. No, I keep telling you all chat Tricia what I come in and you guys don't you do make ladies and gentlemen, you are witnessing the first-ever dub on the guys next door podcast. She literally said I have no problem going for the guys that I want. So because she's not going for me. That means she doesn't want me ladies and gentlemen, fuck everybody. I'm out. Let's read some letters made. So we got this one says no one cares help me get over this nigga. I think yesterday I can relate now. Okay. Sorry, sorry. Are you done maybe? Hey guys, I'm Kennedy and I need your help for a little over a year. And I know it's not going anywhere. But at this point I'm not sure how to move on. Would you mind turning 20 next month? And he's turning 21 and 21 kids. You supposed to get your cheeks clap. That's what he clapped to smithereens. Like just like like like Street Fighter child. I hate y'all so much. Go ahead and continue. She may be how do I get over this nigga? He doesn't know what he wants and I'm tired of the confusion but my dumb ass fucked around and started to fall for him. I need to get over him and to get back out there but to get back out there because I'm tired of wasting my time, but I'm not sure how I'm also in Carleton College in the Bay Area and this niggas friends in the think is friends with all the finding is here. Would it be wrong to fuck his friend? Those pictures and videos attached do it unanimously to put you know, you're toxic. Yes. Yes. I am. We've been established this I don't need to see any pictures or videos because she's 20. I want to see you're not a human being unless you're 25 and up another fact, but I could still tell you ugly and not clown how you cook the shit. Oh my God you so nasty. This is a guy but this is the guy I didn't look to see what it was and I want to know. Should only 20 there's a lot of body for towards that you are doing are they holding hands and he don't look happy at all. 20 if y'all could see Mouse's face right now. This is a lot of but she's she's she's a god 36 years old with some kids. Oh my god. Wow. Okay. Well queen or beautiful. I'm you are a child and I am upset that I even looked at those videos and pictures you are a child. Um, I would say damn it. What the fuck that is a lot of fucking bow. Salian. What the fuck? Okay, um to be completely honest with you. Um, you are 20 years old this niggas 21 y'all our children is so much life to live. It sounds cliche, but Against I doubt if you already acknowledged that did not going nowhere if it's a situation shipped and you didn't utilize it for what it's for dick and fun times and keep it moving. I really hope you watch what you say outside because it's like you said that you want them but he also said all his friends look good. So he probably knows the Vibes. He probably knows that shit into all his friends now women do a good job of hiding - Mm-hmm. Some of them is in the eyes Chico is all in the eyes, but is it really our fault? If you happen to be the lesser of the friends? Oh shit. He's not cheating said he was a lesson as you said look the the other do is look good, too. Whatever one is we chose wrong? We didn't see the full lineup and we chose the ugly friend and we a little upset about it. Don't fuck the for. No, don't be a homie hot. See you because then because then that's that's going to be the right. We're young. We're 20. What does it matter? Okay. Okay. You don't always be the home Yamaha, uh, you know, you remember unique or that you're gonna be 40 years old like, oh, that's the bitch that fucked. I in trouble, you know, you don't want to be that nigga write some young mothers is the homie apis and don't know you don't even yeah, never never if you didn't but no but no. Treach a you are the resident woman sometimes. Oh wait, is she. Listen, I tried I stay in a resilient King has been car like you guys do a lot you guys do a lot to her. I'm surprised you still here. Thank you. I'm after what she did. You have to promise don't ever thank me. You dumped me and in front of a live studio your first people yeah. Thank you Platinum platter. Should I let me go home. Hey. Oh again Shoulda. Let me go my own pace. She's Christchurch. What was the advice you would give to one her and then what advice would you give to Twenty-year-old Shea in that same space she wallet. I'm really good at this the advice. I would give to her if you ever feel like somebody's being hot and cold just dubbed them for being cold and keep it pushing because you're trying to beat a dead horse. You're trying to drag something out that clearly isn't necessarily going anywhere. So what is the point of feeding more of your energy into it? That's a fact you're young. This is the best time to go through your whole face. So just get this shit done. Honestly, he's 20 years old. Yeah. So I'm thinking security. I'm thinking I'm thinking 20 28 to 35 is the best time for a whole face 30 its Financial Security. It's something like perfect a scenario physical mental emotional stability 30. I don't know because people stopped counting bodies after 33 you think so. Yeah. I don't either if I say you stop counting bodies. I don't know to be honest. I stopped count. Like I did older women. Like I've only got to try to hold him. So body count is only relevant to like a certain age. Like if you're 35, and you didn't have sex with a certain amount people. I'm like, I'm not about to be a part of that is we bout to end up like Martin and uh Lynn Whitfield right and a thin line, right? Like I'm not I'm good on that. So like body count you stop after a while. You just start worrying about like how many of these niggas are still around? What's that type? So I would say the best time to go to your whole face. 30 okay, so run it up because that we know I can't even look at you crazy because like maybe we groan 20 if you want me dating just fucking then why are you making it hard for yourself dating at 20 is equally stupid not if you using it properly, like I said dick it one time a year old is going to be dating properly. I just told him how the ones that listen to God in the door. I mean you can find times you guys are definitely give an accelerated process and on the if you if you are if you are 20 year old nigga. And you're listening to this podcast. You should not be dating to marry. You should not be dating for anything serious. You should be having respectable fun. Which means if you got to kick it with this bitch, then you need kick. It will huh. Don't piss her off pussy and Good Times see it sounds simple, but it's not no because niggas don't niggas fuck shit up all the time because it's pussy and good times at first and then she gets hooked because the dick is good or Get hooked and then you get weird and controlling cause you're 20 years old and you're like no don't talk to my other hand some friends. No kids friends, bitch. Each. Yeah, that's what my friends you talk to other people and if she gonna say don't talk to my friends that's different now. Oh, ah toxics one. I can talk to your friends. Why because one I'm not going to be looked at any kind of way. I keep telling her men can't be hosing since in the society. That's a lie. I'm a slut it goes to my skinny leg good bow know what I when I say that And I've said this one is pocket. I see it everywhere at the end of day in this in this in this Society whole has a negative connotation, right? So if you're saying oh you are whole that means it's it's it's um nullifying your good attributes of to why you should be wife tour cuffed right men rarely if ever. Our looked at our shaded for having sex with multiple women you we could do what the fuck we want and you're still gonna want us to Cuff you and because when we are what did I say last week women control when we have sex, we as men controlled when it's time for a relationship. So ain't no woman Che tell the truth ain't no woman ever in the mood. I want to heaven but On the grander scale. Nobody is shaming men for having sex with a lot of woman. You're going to wipe that nigga no matter what your cuffing him. Points were made cap where they just said earlier. She was like, I gotta check the Carfax. Hope that you guys are gonna fuck you. She wants to make sure she wasn't me. She's not about to waste your time fucking you can get into it. I don't think I think the same thing for women. No, because I know some guys that'll be like look, I don't care how many body she's had its fire. I'm wiping, you know, some guys like that. I know some guys have that, you know, some guys like that everyone in this room knows that I decide I don't care already fucking her while. I love it. Are they white their wife and those niggas are nasty whenever trolls no. No, you would never happen sometime. We're in 2020 right? Iconic 20. The climate is look she's a whole just got it. Stop, you gotta love her. Just tell her and I tell her you're going too slow to stop. Yeah, and if she likes you enough ample reason to stay exactly because everybody's yes, isn't that going to stop? No slut. Does it stop? Oh stop just because that's a job because to me like well, first of all, everybody has their own varying definition of like what a hoe is what a sled is all that when a nigga calls me a whole what that says to me is It happened. It's happened to Adam say their names right now. No, he'll be gone by and people but it's a it's always the men who couldn't get the pussy in the first place who are calling a woman to survive. No, no is very no not true. This is true. Not true. I or form a bizarre. Fuck me hose snow or you probably so if you're not doing it because you're joking you're probably doing it because they did something that wasn't here like trying to say no you are who you knew I wasn't about shit. You knew I was you New Year's not let me hear you say yeah. So liberated, by the way, I don't like just to all jokes aside was always joke, I don't believe in name calling right? I feel like if you like sex that doesn't make you a whole or whatever. I don't think I don't think it's how you do what you do. I think it's how you do why you do it. So if I may feel a way if you Kiss a dude and then kisses best friend just to make them fight. Right and you could be a very as a whole you could be working. Right but you could you know, make people go to school and there's so many good girls that go to school and then catch a body once every two months and then at the end of four years you got double digits. Does that make her a ho? Yeah. No, it does not it does not that does make it does not, you know women do whatever you want do whatever you want. That doesn't make you a whole do whatever you want a host of a ho, so remember how you asked mad at my firm out of my home girls are holding my Hunger to make holes. The best friends because they hold you go always see what you know better y'all better. Remember when you asked me what advice would I give like young? Say? Yes. What advice would you give young? Check the advice? I would give young seye stop giving a fuck what other people think of you whatever titles they don't warn you all that other shit being worried on whether or not your wife about a whole all that other shit do what the fuck you want. Fuck who you want and keep it pushing because it's as long as you are secure in yourself and how you hold yourself. They don't really fucking matter what other people think okay. Are you projecting your insecurities onto me that ain't got shit. I'm just saying evil and insecure. I want you to choke me out because she tells the truth. What a choke you yes butshe choking on the camera. She tells ya. Dr. Michael dry hand because you don't have baby in trouble for its content. She said come here. Let me talk you guys get this ready your honor, right? No choking, you're not choking him. It's not a good job is not a joke, you know one of those little one yeah, that was bad joke that was trying to kill this man on some ankle weights only. All right, you lay down right here Che you absolutely this is wow. I got shorts on. All right, I think it Maxwell. So let's stop calling names. Please know what you want were equal men and women are equal women deserve the right. To do whatever they want and men should be the same and it should all be respectful and fun. Yes, you don't have to claim but you if you are, oh you are. I feel like women can call women Halls just like black people black people nigga, but man: agreed man can make a call to choke me out then. Well y'all so anyway, women can be called hose women. I don't think know I'm a capricorn. Yeah, do you have a microphone? Why do you I'm gonna throw this is my first off. He holds the podcast together. No, no no change just the Shea holds the looking podcast the brain no looks and brains right now because you ain't talking like crazy. You got choking a lasso crave a fuck, but it was realized niggerdale. Y'all going crazy. So now since 1989, baby. She's had to my age old enough covid know anyway, um, it's a question for you. I already told you what to do young lady. Um, hopefully this helps shed. We got next what's going on everybody. This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door, and I'm here to tell you guys about what you're probably listening to this podcast on right now Spotify now. I don't know if you guys have Spotify if you guys don't I suggest you needed I suggest you guys download it right now. On Spotify you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast in one place for the free ski, like no bread down. No nothing. You don't need a premium joint to actually listen to anything Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcast on every topic including guys next door to judge you listening to right now now on Spotify you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode all the premium users. If you do got some bread can download the episodes and listen to it wherever you are offline and easily share everything that you're listening to with all your friends on Instagram or whatever social media you like to now if you haven't done so already make sure you download the Spotify app using whatever you download whether it's Google play or apple, you know, whatever they got. Make sure you search guys next door on Spotify or browse the podcast in the quote-unquote your library tab. Also, make sure that you follow me. Wild mouse Jones fly Rye so you can never miss an episode of guys next door, Peace. Okay, go back to the original. Hi guys. My name is Brandi. I'm 21 and the guy I'm messin with his 27. We're going to call him Tyrone man Tyrone met a year and a half ago on social media. I kind of slid in his DMS just to reply back. I kind of slept in his DM's just to reply back in consistently, and he finally got me to hang out with him by asking me to work out with him. I've I enjoyed the time with him and he ended up switching to my gym two weeks. Later. And we hung out for six months before even having sex now. We now we have an agreement just to have sex with each other, but we're allowed to talk to other people. I went on a Town last weekend and received a text from an Old Bay named Joseph asking if I was vacationing with some nigga Joseph. Well, I accidentally texted Tyrone a message that was meant for Joseph slap. Maybe we implied. I was fucking another nigger when I'm really not once I got back into town we were supposed to To hang out and he FaceTime me telling me he didn't want to see me and then talk to me for four days then last night. He fell you wild disrespectful with the chips then last night. He FaceTime me again, basically saying he calmed down and he has the right to be mad because he knows I don't would be if the roles were aware if the roles were in Reverse, I think man, he also told me he's moving in two weeks two and a half hours away. So I was like, oh, I guess I have to find a new little bag. And he gave me a Stern know which I don't know if that means he's catching feelings and wants anything more because why keep a situation ship when you're moving to a whole another state we both work full-time and he's working on his Master's in health administration while I'm working on my bachelor's in web development, which is why we both agreed. We didn't want a relationship. Do you think he may want something more it does. He just want to the or he does he just not want me to mess with any other niggas. I forgot to see the picture I think both let me see this picture. He's trying to tie like that. The shit is fire. Oh, he's trying to protect this. This nigga is 27 and dresses like Steve Harvey today, but it's a polo to know. That is crazy. Yo, he was red Tim's wow. I don't know look like Texas looks like it says Comm what that is. I can see why he shot a lock it down. I can see why and she's a young what she's 21 21 21 21. I can see why Alexa play my possession by Future on my collection. Okay, but you it it Mitch out in the sticks with nobody can find you. Um, so I think it's both I think it is a little bit read a question one more time to let the bottom just the add the final question. Do you think he may want something more or does he just are just does he just not want me messing with any other niggas both and I think you and he has every right to be mad because y'all communicate it very adult of you guys yall communicated what y'all were expecting out of this and what the prep what the premise was. If your ex hits you and you're trying to make your ex Jealous by in implying you're fucking another nigger, which would be the this nigga and it gets sent to him. So he's reading that as you know, you fucking mother nigga. He has a right to be mad because y'all agreement what nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga is not this is not me by the way. He's I'm in. I'm right here. Like I'm he's definitely cat like you've seen me like, I'm right here. I am and I'm lot and I'm about to give the good he can focus focus hopeful so but yeah, I did that. So yeah, you you fucked it up and you should explain bit. Um, we should explain it to him. And also yes, I do think he may be feeling groggy and feelings for you. Um, he could be clearly, um, because Or a beautiful 21 year old woman statuesque. Hmm, and he is older. He might think he got the one like, you know, like oh, yeah. I'm a red shirt is to the time old it hold it. Hold it hold it. Mmm. No not to fold it. Right and now he's feel and also even if it's not that yeah, I mean agreement. So yes, he does not want you messing with nobody else which most niggas in situations such as well. That's how I operate my situation. It was fake in my situation. I don't want you talking nobody else. I think the agreement was fake. The agreement was fake because he did the little like you shit. Like he was like, oh, let's work out together. Oh, let's go that now I'm going to switch to the gym. Once he switched to the gym. It was like, okay one more than a relationship. So I'm sure she'll like if you looking sexy like this in my gym, and now I'm going to switch gyms. Go to your gym. I'm pissed. I'm I'm pissing on a tree exactly. So I'm following you around. I'm trying to make it whatever nah he wanted a relationship from jump. I don't know if I don't I feel sure but I think once she gave it. Then once again the possibility of someone else hitting was like oh because once again men just like women we see we find who we see ourselves with and we act on it. We just do it in a different way or a more passive aggressive way than women do women straight up cook for you all day be dead when you miss Wiggins we start doing the weird. Oh shit. We passive aggressive with like Guru. No, I'm things out of the way auto-ship Nephilim women do the word. Oh shit. If wondering where those it'll be a lot more one night stands. It's not weird then I know it's waiting in to know because you got like no we're weird for we're weird for trying to force a situate where we are trying to put a square peg in a circle whole if you know this woman, you know, they in this is what this we said this last week niggas know we're not as dumb as we are perceived to be we know we just don't pay attention. If you know, you know what tapeworm Kevin when I stand, you know, which can't and if you are messing with a woman and that, you know is not no one nice to and chick and you You get with that and then now you have a fucking 10-week situation ship super toxic, which is lit, it's your fault. We're all the same. I feel like everybody is a one night stand person. No, you gotta bring out the one nice thing. That's that's absolutely not true. It is that's actually not sure it is. I think I strongly think women. I don't do that and they hold off even when they want to do it. I don't know, but I feel like what using it as it's not dreads. Actually. I don't think they're doing a one-night stand. I think they are having sex with you on the first night as a deposit. That's not a bar. It's not a deposit. It's not a bar Che can actually kill me. Okay, so, so no it sounded good, but I'm not entertaining you. Thank you. You hate me. I love you. Wow. Yes, I'm not anything that was so disrespectful. You know, I'm glad you're okay. The I go and Chase your wow. You have now tuned in to the I go and Chase show. I'm your host a go and this is Shane Mills. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. So the way it's finally the back door was open sneak out. Um, how do you feel about one-night stands? I love them. Whoa, it's what I like to hear. Just knowing you and I'm just not with me because I'm a dub. So okay, why do you feel like more people aren't more women aren't into one night stands. Do you feel because in my opinion for you answer because I know your answer is going to like set things straight. I feel like people hold it as like, okay, I won't do it because I think this is all the guy once so I'm going to hold off until it happens. So what I've seen is a lot of people that actually want to do it they don't do it because they feel like it'll make them seem a certain way. But if the shit is bad up front you don't waste any time. With the shit is good and it's lit and you don't waste any time. You're not wrong. I think for women. It's more of the connotation that goes behind it. So like if we do throw it at you on the first night, like you can literally run back to whoever and start throwing the whole whole narrative when it's okay. I saw you we vibed I thought she was attractive. So I fucked you like it. There is no in between there's no like ulterior motive between that like I shouldn't be called as a whole or slower easier anything like that Mouse because I went out what I wanted when when I originally wanted it, but that I mean, that's just that's the whole thing with the double standard of a lot of the shit that we do that seems backwards y'all is usually based off the strength of we're almost too concerned about what other people will say and think of us if we do certain shit in a certain way which is why you shouldn't give a fuck about what people think precisely they don't do anything for you Mouse. How do you feel Wow, you can't you can't be like this? No, you just nice. Here we go. You've had me on the phone the hot seat for two whole episodes now and I like a little bit of because I had dropped a ball see how men do I dropped the ball? What was your bar mom's deposit, but if you give up when you have sex on the first night, it's a depositing. A lot of people are doing that thing. They give their bodies as a deposit. I don't think it's some people I don't think that because I don't agree that old people. When I say is I think people are things. I'm very glad secure about the sexual ability. So they hold off because if the shit is trash 90 days later for the whole like whatever 20 rule whatever the fuck I don't I don't I don't deal with people that have a holdout. I'm not like if you have a day rule, I'm not doing it like because now you're telling me what about a three-date rule know if there's any just don't give it to me on the first night and I can't take you seriously. So if someone gives you on the first night, you can't take him serious now, that's crazy. Why is that me? Yeah. Yo, come on, you've never come across a Vibe. So intense were like you you were able to bypass that rule where it's like, you know, what fuck it. Wow. That's crazy. Do you my friend haven't had any good one night stand box usual I truth to use a lot because I'm in word. I don't get it if I'm going to take you seriously, I'm not talking I will fuck. Yes. I will fuck your sex is a matter of like that's your your gauge of what you take seriously or not. Yes sex. Yes. Okay, not anything else. I mean, it's not the vibe. Not that I thought it convo know all that all that goes into it, but you could ruin it. I could be sitting here with you on the first day and be like Yoda. It is fi I'm fucking while you laughs not good. I don't really see myself with him and she says let's pop there you go. It's over. I mean i'mi'm taking pussy you going to take it, but then I now know how to the interaction will be different. You but I also lead what I'm also I'm also like mad up front with everything so it's like yo. I'm telling you before this first date when we have these conversations I'm saying that mmm, but you know, you got dude don't give I might know I might say it in like a jovial positions way like just because that's just the man I talk so you might not take it seriously, but I'm being dead as like yo just don't give it to me for a day. I am saying this is just me with million. Plus it's just you though, or is it like if she's ever done it with anyone else? I got another firm believer that there's someone out there for everyone that would that's not my business. I will first day is not in my bed. I don't want to know I don't want anything. I don't want to look I don't know what it look. I don't know anything about your past if I have and I have been in if I have to know about it if I have to know about that means it was a problem and we're going to have problems like I don't want to nothing. I don't I'm not don't talk. Don't talk about your ex. Don't talk about niggas used to sleep with you want situation. I don't know none of that shit. They don't exist. They do not exist until they do and then it's too late. It's too late. Now you're lined up now is a bra. Okay. Is he lying? No, he's this is his next to wrong person. You could ask somebody else in line. You could ask somebody else in my life. She sees it standing next to me. Somebody else. She's it face-to-face. There you go. Okay. Well, do we give this woman as a Hey Joe did we you're young the box is amazing. He wants to keep you drop them. Basically, I disagree. Wow, if you see in him what he may see and you could this could be a this could be a coveted draft pick for both. Yeah, he might be he might be you asked you where you were wrong. Yes, you were wrong. Because you had an agreement. In the agreement looked to be violated. No matter how you cut it this room. He said that agreement was violated and she was just like I'm just having fun you want to know no. No, that's not what happened. They had an agreement. They she's verbatim. She said the agreement was we could talk to other people. We won't fucking here buddy. So anyway, we were I didn't read that you have sex with each other. So the minute the text message accidentally came to that nigga. You're trying to make it look like to your ex that you're fucking somebody else. The nigga lightweight is my check. Okay, so the fact check was the agreement was that they have sex with each other but they're allowed to talk to other people. But that also brings into question. Did y'all go over? What was it y'all's definition of talking to other people did that? Well, he did another text message. She said the text message basically said she was fucking somebody else that would read as a violation every time was it. So because she sent me out to no no. No, she said she accidentally sent the text message that was supposed to go to her ex to the nigger. So to the nigger, he's reading this is reverse. No wasn't she sent its head of a guy that was trying to like hook up again. I accidentally texted Tyrone a message. That was meant for Joseph. Joseph is died that Joseph is the yeah. Yeah, and Tyrone is Dennis fucking another nigger when I'm really not so she was being petty with her. and now we blew up in your face I mean by talking is very vague all talking yeah it depends yo-yo talking is like hooking up you don't know if it's like a kiss or a gangbang you gotta be like I want all we have but you how I CT I want I want to shade a headbutt me okay moving on ma'am I will help you gotcha what was the other one second you're sick I am you're sick you need help I do my name is Ashley she cheated already Eddie I've never met if I've never been unfaithful actually in my life and this is her real name to she said wow no she's scared so my husband and I have been together for almost 13 years married for almost 2 and let me guess we have three handsome boys ages eight five and one we've been together for quite some time and I'm over it we've had actually we've had our share issues however I'm at my breaking point he always he has always been a complete mama's boy and I believe that I've accepted he thinks it's okay to put his mom and sister before me wow that's while that's another issue in itself I'd say the past three years have been extremely difficult our sex life is pretty much non-existent we sleep in separate rooms we don't hug or kiss we have great conversations throughout the day in regards to our boys he's said numerous times is that he wants to work on us but I don't feel it he told me I've changed that I want more from him than what I did when we met mind you we met we were when we were 18 and entering College I'm about to be 31 after almost 13 years and three beautiful children I believe I'm ready to leave but am I wrong for my reasons I want more discussions regarding Topics in the world or just daily struggles we face and he gets annoyed by this my sex drive is through the roof I'm young so I On a fuck Whenever Wherever however your nationally I've kept my mom Lynne Ashley. I've kept my body in phenomenal shape after each kid mainly for myself, but of course for him as well. I cook clean and caterer and I just don't feel like he's holding up his end of the bargain in the relationship and I'm ready to call it quits. Can you guys give me some sort of advice, please? And thank you. See this. Let's see this one see the shit. I'm talking a lot of shit now. Okay with only two photos Okay, so she only sent like a headshot and then she has an Instagram and on no, she definitely she it seems like the case of Ashley. Yeah, and she's like the case of it boom. Boom. Boom. She's gorgeous though. She is. She definitely she definitely got better over time and he didn't and now she's like, oh, I'm out 31 all my friends are having fun. So I think this happens more often than not and this is what I was talking about before when I say marriage is not Goal, the marriage is is not a priority for me because there's other things we could have we could be working on. So now this is tied up now you have money and all this. Um all this what's the word I'm looking for all this obligation that comes with this marriage and now you have to deal with that and now there's just turn your back on something like that. That is foul. Where's the stick to it of where the fight where's all these things you signed up for it? The the you took the vadas are better for worse. This is for worse. But at what point do you I know like when you start as a young couple and you're supposed to grow together that type of thing but at what point do you see that one person is growing a one person one person is staying the exact same and refuses any sort of personal once again, there were signs before you got married. Sure before the marriage when Nick We only got a too much front. That's not true. Nigga. Yo, look we'd look last episode. We spoke about a dude with multiple families in Haiti. That was like look, he was born in the 90s. Yes in the 90s for sure for sure. I don't know. She probably she probably said look. No, this is this is the my stars a little this is this is the bullshit bro, and this is my prom. With relationships married like this is my problem this right here because one day you can wake up and say ahh. I'm better than you now and I've been toiling away. I've been investing and putting time in this and you can wake up one day and say I'm over it because of something that's been here the entire time. I've been me this entire time you may not have want to pay attention to it. You may not want to see it but everything she said letter sounds like fixable shit. You can have more sex. You can spice it up work out to give you could do all of this. He's gonna hurt but to fraction to him has faded the ones who he also liked doesn't want to do any of that here. That's what it sounds like. He said that you're now asking things of me that I never wanted to do in the first this was him then you know, what if you knew what it was when you got here was for you. Is I don't know. This is 4 this is 5 by 18 year old him. It was the goddamn it was the guy tell him with him and I feel like he's comfortable with his three kids. That's why I'll destroy 1831 usual is at zero personal growth. You knew this at 20? No, yo now about your bullshit I go. No. I'm not I go have your bullshit. She knew that he didn't change from 18 to 20 and she thought but I also don't think that people just don't change. Everything changes around us. So we adopted like everything that's a lie. There are living statues. people are living statue have to change bro bro we work in an industry full of living statues okay industry yes but your wife are not like normal just there there and can't do the same thing and expect the definition of insanity right yeah we finishing each other's sentences you know never mind that was smooth first off I just had my I'm not smooth at all I just hate my she did it on purpose you want to show they use human right I am so I just don't feel I don't feel like he's he wants to commit to it he liked being kind of like when you're in a real relationship you grow together You have to put in pain. It seems like he doesn't wanna put in pain. She said I have the Snapback body off a three kids eight five and one that takes work. She's like look I'm getting sexy for myself and for you. I'm trying to do all this shit. I'm taking care of the kids. I'm doing everything that you want me to do. So can't you do something that signed up for the problem is people don't want like everybody wants people to put in pain for them, but they don't want to put in pain for that someone else value. No, absolutely, you know, you know what she wanted, you know, she wants sex from you. You know, she wants you to be her fantasy. No one's perfect. But you know what, she wants she knows what she wants but she's giving it to you now giving her that's not fair. It's not it's not fair. Well what I'm saying, so she has the right to go. Okay, but what I'm saying to you - I'm with you what I'm saying is you knew this before the marriage you were I you were married to the idea of a marriage more than you were married to this person. Mmm. I don't know. I think I think they they had the same they were on the same page big whether Mary let this go together now, they don't but they were on the same page. Are you sure this is until his Lucid the worst pitch of this Mission Part like she attached like basically the only photos she could find she didn't have any recent photos of them together or him alone like at all. I don't get that. I think the city of David hasn't changed but I think it has changed. I think so almost I think the Love Point change over time. So I feel like somewhere along the line. There's a fork in the road and he said love to me means taking care of my three kids and just like being a good dad being a good like whatever and hers was like, yeah, but where's the excitement? Meant I wanted to be us against not us against the kids, but I want to dating her right start dating because women really just want a one-night stand with a nigga 5. They just want dates. I just want you to put in the same effort that it took to get me. I want you to continue to put in that effort to keep me like just because you finally got me in whatever their that's a lot down there. You stop got that doesn't mean you get to stop taking me out of doing little cute shit, like what happened to the stuff that you did to get me to even piqued my interest why? you finally get me now all of a sudden you don't do none of that shit but you get mad when other niggas show me that same fucking attention that you used to show me in the beginning about it look to your neighbor and say neighbor neighbor you're lazy yeah whoa she said it is coming soon ladies and gentlemen come on well shaba that's really going to be a thing that's good it's going to be a thing do we got one more letter that don't force it if we don't know that's pretty much it everything all right I'm so this was the last episode ladies and gentlemen to make sure you guys have some content while we are On the road handling business for you guys. I want to take this moment to thank the hard work of wolf chae-rin James on their tireless work to make sure that our content looks up to par fire make sure that the social media and all that is going well websites all that stuff. So shout out to them. Thank them a lot more chain than James. Who does the who does the moving like interstitial IG story? I do all the graphics trying to hire you. You yeah, we can talk to a real for the baguette, but it doesn't seem bad guy. All right. Runaway Love about the dodgy stories are funny though thank you thank you I'm just want to shout out shout out to Tyler for rocking with her today Tyler came get on Chase Mike for one minute talented people are you from I'm from Reading Pennsylvania how'd you get here I went to Hamilton to know we're not that okay how did you get here get here like what brought you here today because it's a song tweet my friend hooked me up on a tweet and saw that you guys need a video guys recommended me Ed what's up you said DM me I'd send someone my videos I'm here yeah well shattered John John you got James change a fucking instagramming gotta keep calling John and I'm like this because you Jonathan John Blaze whatever asshole John blaze in the street blaze in the bush blazing bush is that even though no no You know, he had you haven't fucking we'll put our project. I like the window. I like it. I was provocative because people get if you were gone Jay we're gonna people find you you can find me at Shane Mills on all platforms see H. Ey Mi LL z o my God o Wicked people fine. I chase house. You can find me time to go. EG ome Li that's it deceased. Where did you find him? I go found me. There you go. Look we're not greatness is a choice. We Mary was like, oh we met before you came on the show. Yeah. We met like a week before I go game on on the show the first time but anyway, um, no it was after was absolutely met at the show events, man. then then that's when you start working at a gig and then that's why I met you it's seeing you again okay either way happy to have this brand we tithe Family Ties is no no no blood couldn't make us any thicker because if it was to go beast shut up ladies and gentlemen we thank you like I said this was a lot episode so you know what you want to have some fun give you some content hopefully the people that wrote in today got some help if not I hope you laughed at least um if you guys have a lot of do you want to be sent in send it to God Next Door 1 2 3 @ gmail.com remember to put your own fake name in the subject line or we will read what's in front of it or Che Will shout to chafer jump attack I hate fucking reading to him and she really just like a like I think it's some about men like we just hate reading because all three of us can read right but when you put that letter for you just sound so good thank you um make sure saliva like oh okay okay it's like a coating yeah it's discussed is juicy mouth this is Jamie Foxx show up no you know you guys didn't see to stand up this is your fault it is I I went searching for this idea absolutely in my phone I'm but I'm just one of the greatest mistakes I've ever made one of the greatest worst decisions I've ever made I've been doodle your pastor or a deacon ago um give us a bodega Baptist benediction to get us out of here we go Wake up in the morning shaba brush your teeth. Before you talk brush your teeth. Right right before you pray. Right right brush your teeth. Right? Right. God does not want stink breath spray. You never thought about that because you're selfish and your breath stinks and I love Cherry nothing. Amen. Amen. I was terribly I've been Mouse Joe. I've been searching the minute. I met go. I'm Shane Hill and this has been the guys next door.