Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them.all right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and every single game. He hit 40 points in the first game and For double last night I think 34 13 and 12 and 13 34 13 12 for the brawn last night. But Zion Williamson was not to be outdone. He actually put up 35 points last night along with seven rebounds. And in the first matchup Zion was also impressive put up 29 Points with six rebounds and three assists Trey. What was these too much more about was it about LeBron or Zion? I think it was more about Zion because we've seen LeBron do this time and time again just cook Young teams take them to school. Really well against the young teens just too amazing virtuoso performances from him. He had 40 in the first one. He had 34 last night. It was amazing. And Zion was amazing too. He's up next. I think yesterday was the official the torch passing in some way that because LeBron actually talked to him after the game bold both stadiums. Some advice on like unlike the last game but it was it was great. I'm I was so happy to see Zone and LeBron duking it out and actually guarding each other yesterday. Yeah. Sometimes it was an amazing amazing amazing match between two first game. It was definitely more as Ian and AD going back and forth. But yesterday last night. The second game was definitely more of a LeBron and Zion type of matchup. Especially the fact that Brandon Ingram, you know, he didn't he didn't put up his normal output. So it was Larry's as expected. Yeah, it was Island carrying the team versus LeBron. So that was crazy to see don't forget kuzma hit a big shot. Who's my also Yak with like three minutes left to look him up big you make the game of for we tried his hardest. As far as the guard, I don't know why Frank Vogel was doing that. But I mean, yeah, it's on it has way with him. But when it when Cruise money to make a shot most you made it and you know, it was just crazy to Crazy match them to see because this is kind of like the Mahomes Brady situation the NFL right now, you know, yeah, this is of course the bonds going to win these games, you know, the Lakers have the best player in the world of past five years old, but you know, and there's on top The back down for two straight games. I mean I got to give you props for that man. He's a yeah, he's a beast. He's definitely up next I think for sure. I think designs. He's not scared the moment that you know, the young players sometimes would be versed in your idol, you know, you can play a little bit passive. You're not going to you're trying to limit your mistakes was on he just came out attacked and he did not care. He was going after yeah he's going after last night and that is a grown man out. There is a grown man a man amongst boys right there, you know, it was definitely on display. Last night when you saw him just easily move Dwight Howard. When do our is not a small man guys. Yeah, he was frustrating three-time defensive player of the year and he just frustrated him. He had five fouls last night. I think going on like five fouls. He was some of them. Yeah someone with questionable some ticky-tacky fouls, but design was quite was definitely what I was getting frustrated was on. I mean, I'm telling you right now, he's not playing around man you had after the game JaVale actually asking for silence Jersey and then you see on Twitter. Zhanna, yeah. Yeah, you just gave him like like your veil was a fan. And as I said, you keep your jersey, I don't need that. I feel like Zion got that dog. Mentality. Oh, he I've Seen It All We definitely don't he doesn't like talking during the games. He's just got that determined. Look on his face. You know, I'm just team he going after you like that. That's really what I saw last night. I mean, you know, he didn't back down a little bit. I don't think I've ever seen a rookie just go at grown. Men like this like this. He did not praise. He did not back down from the brawn at all. Both of these games actually like the first game he has he was he was going right after ad man like this talk about 80 potentially being defensive player of the year as a rookie and he was as a rookie as a rookie he go after a d, you know, one of the best players in the league right now. You know, it's just he's in the conversation for Defensive Player of the Year ideas. And these one right after yeah, he was guarded you the other night too and 80 was struggling if you saw it a t16 of 2380 was 206 of 21. Yeah, and we gotta give some props in the bronze whom and 17th year. Yeah to come out and just let's be honest here. They lost the Grizzlies on purpose. They have the Grizzlies before Lakers lost the Grizzlies on purpose. That was Let's Get Down very disappointing to me. There's no even know like yeah. Not much controversy there. They definitely don't want to play the Tigers first because who does who wants plays on in the first round? That is no I I'd rather get down to I'd rather have a I know Dwight rather have Valanciunas then the xylem, you know debate so tell you right now Lakers they were playing chess man. They lost in the Grizzlies. They beat the plugins twice. So, you know, that's that's resilience are now three games up. Yeah. So let go The Pelicans the Pelicans have to close that Gap again. It was at to few nights ago, but I think the Grizzlies obviously have the tough schedule. So yeah, I mean, I think the Pelicans can definitely close that Gap because as you've seen zone is a Difference Maker every time he's on the court the Pelicans are I think to anyone sighs much better than they are when he's off. Yeah, he saw Ingram just just start chucking in the fourth quarter yesterday and did not score a point in clutch time. And Zion was cut out of the makes it kind of reminds me of last year at Duke when Coach K was like just give it to RJ. + RJ just didn't pass his eye on and they lost their car might do that. But yeah, if you have has on the team you better use them as much as you can because this what's even go ahead. Go ahead what you gonna say. I was just going to say that what's even more crazy is that you see Zion with all that power all that aggression, but he he got such a soft touch around the room like that jumper. Oh, yeah yesterday over LeBron. He like you don't expect a guy with that much power to have such a soft touch. But he he's so creative around the basket. Oh for sure. This is all the angles. He I don't know how yes the night. He gets the good bad good. Guess the good roles. I'm so early. Um, he's definitely no Shaq or Berkeley, you know, he's not going to put force on the ball. I'm not going to use full force. He's he's a very soft touch the rim, I mean, he'd be his finger roll. He's a really nice funeral package his layup pack his vision as a crazy. I mean, he doesn't go for the dunk every time you know, he knows when to finish. He's a very smart player, you know, and it's just so excited to see what his future is men. But he's a crazy. He's a crazy specimen but he's he's not human I saw August. Yeah something else. It's a super super human. Athleticism 6 6 2 out of 5. 625 I've never seen anything like this in the NBA. So yeah, it's it's crazy. It's crazy matchup. Um, so yeah, let's say let's see this Zion Williamson and job Morant, you know, a lot of people the rookie, you know, the Rookie of the Year. A lot of people using the John Moran play more games argument for him, but man like I'm seeing Zion play. I'm just saying this dude is a monster. Now don't ya, I don't know I'm torn on it. I do agree that you know a rookie. Whoever plays more games, you know, they should have an advantage but I mean the ways honestly he's averaging 24 and 60 percent shooting this 11 straight games with me. Yeah. He's just three 30-point games in 15 games. He's played I think yeah. I mean it's gonna be a tough decision for the voters because I mean, yeah Joseline turned up but then this is the third week we on the we've been on the show saying this like Zion is something else and I've never seen in my life. It's just every time he touches the ball. You just like glued to the TV like I can't keep my eyes off when he's on the court like he's so exciting to watch every single possession is there's a chance for something special. So yeah, he's truly box office. I mean, he's gonna get you to a TV screen named the NBA, but I was going to thank him because he's on good things were these ratings up and the NBA has been struggling past and Something like months but John's been helping getting one for sure. So yeah, it's just absolutely insane what we're seeing. This is probably the best rookie. These two rookies are about to be like a Chi Minh Michael man. I only want to say nothing but like I'm not trying to not get too ahead of herself. These two rookie right here might be generational talents. Yeah, let's not forget job put up 27 14 and 6 on the Lakers. Yes. He did the night before. Yeah, and he doesn't have the help that zone has so if they make it to the playoffs, I'd give jaw the rookie of the year. But if the Pelicans can somehow catch up then and Zone keeps these numbers up. I don't think there's any way you can not give him the Rookie of the Year because it's just so dominant so early I don't see how you can not give him that Rookie of the Year award. Totally totally agree. Yeah. It's a is a crazy year this year this I'm looking forward to these last couple weeks man, or The next these last couple months of the season this regular season is intense man. He said yesterday was some playoff intense. Yeah. I was really Clippers and Sixers played. Yeah six was were down. But you know, maybe they have found their Diamond the rust was the name big milkshake molten man. He was absolutely dirty there today without him being and Simmons. He basically care of the team but thus let's tip that's touching the Clippers real quick. Let me say this. Whoo. Or we touched on the Clippers respect to Lonzo props to him. Yep. He did keep amazing last night. I don't know but like every single possession he was pushing it just had a lot of control over the game. I just loved his aggression yesterday had a bunch of layups. Just beating the Lakers down the court his three was off but I love the way he played it was it was a nice sight to see as a Alonso fan from the beginning and they lost was aggressive and attacking the paint. One of these taught he's really good. That's not magazine topicals build those glasses though those passes though. Kim is on Red Basket man. He's like Michael Thomas said call him Alonzo Breeze. All right, that's literally what he has. He throws some accurate passes and people are sleeping on them because he's passes these passes are literally I don't know who can throw a better than be a like. I'm doing those full court pass the perfect. I don't know anybody maybe Kevin Love But back in the days, but here the bronze so this yeah, it's lonzo's he's special too. So pugs are hitting the right direction. That's all I'm going to say. And I'm moving on and talk about the Clippers man. Let's see so they come in, you know, everybody's talking like they're struggling. They should be winning those games that they are not winning, but they came in this week and I think he had something to prove they come in the absolutely Mall Denver. I Denver was not ready for that when the Clippers play like this. They're unbeatable. I don't see any team that can beat them there. So deep I'd been there second unit can be lots of teams in this league their first and second combine all my Denver just look like the Knicks out. They're overmatched Denver was just get necessary. We talk about the third seed in the west or now Denver got absolutely destroyed by the Clippers on Friday night. And then yeah, it's been six years yesterday, but man sure I know you're a little scared is a Lakers fan we do when you see the Clippers play like that. I know you're a little scared. I am of course because you know, I love I love Kauai old Kauai. I'm a Paul George fan. Even though he hasn't been playing that great lately, but they're one through one through 12. They have they have players. I'm the yeah, I've never seen that like I don't I've not like they're just stacking the deck. I don't blame them. They've never won a championship before I feel like oh my God, they don't really need they didn't really need Reggie Jackson. They didn't really need Marcus Morris because they're already deep as is but I feel like they just want Stack the deck and ensure they have the best shot at winning that title this year with hopefully Paul George staying healthy because he's been very injured the past year and a half. So as long as he can stay healthy, I think they have a good shot at beating the Rockets but not the Lakers will see what happens that was straight straight line. This ministry is still hung on the Lakers. You right now but it's this Clippers team is dangerous. They're going to come in and they're going to embarrass the Lakers. I don't want to say anything. But you know if it happens don't say I didn't warn you because this team is Danger on in ad we got with that's 180. I don't think I don't think I'll give it to you LeBron and Kauai. Those are our top three players in the league. But the the drop between AD and Paul George is huge. I believe especially in the playoffs because we haven't seen anything from Paul George in the Since has early early Pacers days. I am calls himself playoff P but never puts up any good numbers and rarely ever wins or gets out of the first round. So we'll see what he can do this year. Well, he's the second option now, so we will see moving on from that. We got some beef in the NBA. We got to be flirt yanis and Harden to taking shots at each other for the past like couple like what last year ever since you always want MVP? Yeah. Pardon me. Take his shots, you know recently hardness came out interview said that you know, he wishes he was seven feet tall and you can just run down the floor and dunk it because that requires no skill. And he also said what he said one more thing. What do you say? I think it was he said that he has thought he actually likes the fact that he had to work harder. Yeah acquire skill. Yeah, so we're also joined by am it right now currently. He also goes at UMD say wassup mitt. What's going on guys? Yeah, so maybe you thought some this beef right now and what whose side you take in? You know, like who's right who's wrong? I mean dude James Harden is sitting fact, but I like holy shit. If I was 7 feet tall, I wouldn't be complaining that I just be running down up in court Duncan all the time. Like no I totally agree. Right? I mean every let's say we let's say we switch Heights and we keep the same exact skill man. I think hardens gonna be the best player in the league and I think Ian is I mean, yeah. Yeah. He's getting cooked. I'm sorry. I think he's right. Yeah, I mean, I agree. Also, I'm not I'm not all the way sold on yanis and I feel like you're honest just was taking some just cheap shots that are hardened like after the All-Star game he was talking about how they were just targeting you honest whenever they needed a bucket. I feel like there's no not really a need to do that after an awesome. But Jana, that's gonna I don't know he I feel like you kind of took it to a disrespectful level there. So I feel like James Harden had the right to clap back and I did unfortunately for him. He's awoken a beast in yanis put up 40 120 and six yesterday that he's going to be on a tear I feel because he put up some big numbers against the Thunder and they blew them out by 47. So hopefully Harden hasn't woken up woken up base because that East is going to be an easy piece of cake for them if he continues to play like this even without his Middleton. It doesn't matter. They're about to lose to Miami today. All right, that's what he thinks. I'm I think of Milwaukee. I honestly didn't walk into Chelsey 70 wins. Y'all thinking my walking in 70 wins. Go ahead and maybe not 70 but like 65 for sure 70 is like they got it. They're already like they lost eight games, right? Yeah, they gotta go. Yeah, they can only go lose four more games. Yeah, that's really really pushing it. Yeah, I mean the schedule is coming up is really rough. They got Heat Pacers and Lakers all three games all I really good teams coming up. I mean if I get I think they get through the stretch right here. They're definitely going to get like 60 high 60s or 70s. At least. I don't think I'll beat the Warriors of 70. I think I can get to 70. I don't think they'll beat the Warriors record. You saw what happened when the wars? Were pushing for that record Stef? Yeah was not healthy. Everyone was kind of run down by the end. But if they can reach 70 as long as they don't lose a few games or go like two out of two out of three losing this week. I feel like they can get to 70 but I don't think they have a chance of that record that one that passed when they lost a few games earlier this year. Yeah, hypothetically speaking. Let's say they do get 70 ways. They win the finals y'all putting them in the top five Team all time. 70 wins and a championship. I don't see why not. Yeah, I don't think so. They've been so dominant this year man. They've been dominant but I feel like nobody's talks about them. Remember when the warriors were like, I know the Warriors Got 73 wins, but you know, if you get 70 Windsor on the your mention as a top five team, I just feel like there's no walking team just doesn't get the recognition. It deserves small Market teams. That's what I'm saying. And I mean like I'm not the biggest Milwaukee fan either. I really don't want I really want you honestly so like Saying like I feel like they're just getting a little disrespected here. I think it's because Chris Milton and he's not second best player. You don't want that you rather have another star. I guess that's what the media wants because they're just not getting talked about as much as they should to be honest. I feel like it's just very small Market it just imagine. It's just put all these players on the Lakers and flip if you if all these players were on the Lakers it would it would be the biggest stock of the league, but they're in a small Market. They don't have a American Born star which I guess kind of hurts because well, you're right. Yeah, because it's easier to wrap your arms around as the media wrap their arms around. I feel american-born players more so than foreign players totally agree because obviously it's a league that isn't America, so it's kind of hard to get that recognition. So maybe you know if it were a bigger Market, they'd be getting Respect they deserve I guess if they were to win 70 games and would not idle totally agree man. I mean Milwaukee is just you know, nobody expects me walking me, you know this good, you know, he's small Market teams come out of nowhere and then the Milwaukee like, you know, it's all about Milwaukee, Wisconsin. No, disrespect Milwaukee, you know, I mean, like come on man like could be a lake with Miami. I'm just saying I'm just saying I think part of it too is sorry. I think part of it too is because you're honest like you don't really have like a flare that some of the other stars have like JoJo's always saying something Philly LeBron and I'll make his moves in LA. Yeah, I totally agree to and he's also he's also foreign. I mean he's like, yeah, I mean and these all form but yeah, this is just he just does his thing. He keeps he's a humble guy and and yeah, he's just his personality is not as big as the others for sure. Yeah, and I think Milton Milton is the second option, you know like to talk about the great teams words of clay that Miami t-midi Wade makers have a deal. Yeah, bull semen Scottie Pippen, you know, there's Chris Middleton, so It's a well-built team, but I think you got to have like two or three stars. We call yourself the greatest team of all time. But yeah, I still think a really really good. They'll definitely up there if they win the title. Yeah, but I think another factor to the disrespect is also them losing last year when they're up to against the Raptors. So totally agree with John is just disappeared and Kauai locked him up basically and they lost the Series. And they had all the momentum. So I think that factors in everyone everyone wants to see them actually prove that their it because they were winning games like this last year. They were blowing people out last year like they are this year, but they didn't get to the finals. So nobody really cared about it you have time hopefully they can change that this year and get to the finals because I feel like the best matchup would be the Bucks and the Lakers or Clippers whoever gets out of the West that would be the most competitive matchup. Box and it will be the most stop it will be more will be most launch most watched but I think I didn't Clippers. I don't take Milwaukee because I think Hawaii just like that and I just think why is gonna go to single-handedly just beat the beat the box. I think the Lakers could do it, but like I don't know. I really want to see the Clippers man. That would be interesting. Yeah, we are. Yeah rematch versus Kauai. Oh, yeah yanis would need to step up his game compared to last year. Hopefully they don't Build That Wall like they did the Raptors did last year the sends just clamp him. Hopefully you can utilize whatever he's whatever work. He's put in the offseason to getting better at shooting and shooting off the dribble. Yeah, cuz I'm for sure thing man. A lot of people are thinking this year that the Western Conference Finals is going to be the final but you know Milwaukee has a chance to Milwaukee can be both of these teams when they're little disrespected. They have the reigning MVP on the team. So, you know don't count Milwaukee out there a dangerous team. So I'm going to say about that. Yeah, I feel like Milwaukee isn't even guaranteed to make the finals by any means Universal. I feel like the Raptors are Loki slapped on I feel that they got that Grit. At that grind they're going to the floor. Yeah, I think sometimes there's yeah spicy peanut. Nick nurse has been a great coach. I think I think the Raptors are slept on I think Boston is also slept on but you know Boston's a little young and I think they need one more start to compete right now. But yeah, I could see obviously Toronto were bossing pushing the six or seven, but I don't yeah. I don't see any Way Milwaukee lose them and I just think that's Toronto just needs that like guy you can just give the ball to and just They can just get a bucket and they don't have that this year without Kauai. I mean, you can never underestimate the heart of a champion, but I just don't think they have enough they can push them to six or seven but they don't have enough to actually beat them. This was something I was actually wrong on. I thought they could but watching the game last week in Toronto yanis just took over. It's just too much. They have too many weapons. Yeah, and Toronto just doesn't have enough death. I feel There's one beat them. We're even with Drake on the corn side too, man. Yeah, just just a hard bargain feet man. It is now it's the best times. I mean the Sixers I think the Sixers could take the bucks if they actually tried hard and it's a better Coach, but you know what that's not happening. We'll see if we have an exact we all know that we don't know thinking of the first round to be honest. Yeah, especially with no Ben Simmons for the foreseeable. Yeah, they better I mean if they're not going to or three seeds they're getting they're going to lose. Not going to make it out. I mean because the two or three see in the East you're avoiding Milwaukee to the Conference Finals and I mean you if you're a two-seat you're playing you're playing either Orlando or Brooklyn first and without someone that's a by that's a by I mean. Yeah, you're a wanted to see in the East this year. You're going to have a cake walk in the first round Louis. Just rest your starters then get ready for the second round because that it's no competition the first two first two seeds. It's and yeah, let's all right. Let's move on now to MVP race because you know, I think for a long time this season a lot of people in there just you know, give it to you honestly, I think LeBrons been making a statement these past couple weeks man. He's been he's been balling out. I meant do you think LeBron is gonna be able MVP over yanis or is there any sleeper you got anything? I gotta say like what bras like creeping up there, but right now like Jonas is it clear cry clear-cut FrontRunner? Yeah exactly what the winning streak they've been on. Yeah, they're gone. They're LeBrons my numbers here right now. Yeah, LeBron my number two for sure. Yeah. He's also my number two, but I feel like the Gap isn't as big as people say it is as you saw yesterday, every time LeBron came out the Pelicans would either take the lead for close the gap or tie the game. They cannot play without LeBron. I don't I couldn't even tell it was Rondo even on the court yesterday. I could not even tell them. Why literally useless? I wish they'd be ready maybe Bradley. Oh Avery Bradley can't even hit water in the ocean. I remember this past week Avery Bradley has been getting on my nerves. He's gotten tons of open lips looks due to LeBrons amazing passing ability, but he hasn't been able to hit them. I haven't seen him hit shots consistently since his boss. Certain days when our friend Kenny thought that he was better than Bradley Bill but I digress good. But yeah LeBrons been amazing yesterday was yet another statement that it's still his league for the time being Zion is definitely up next but it's still his League every time zone did something great LeBron had an answer. Yeah, both both matchups. He had an answer he Extremely clutch last night. I think you can continue to play like this and the Lakers continue to struggle when he's off the court but be that much better when he's on the court. I feel like you can close the gap if the Lakers keep winning games in the Bucks like lose a few. I don't know and I'm just kind of tails off. Yeah, I definitely think it's going to be based on Merit narrative this year and you know, the Washington narrative the media is going to try to push for LeBron, but I think Ian this is going to good this year man. It's just the honest. Yeah the way I think about it. Look if you take LeBron away from the Lakers. Yeah, they're not going to be as good but it's still got a D. They still be doing pretty solid. But yeah, it's away from the box their entire team just Falls to shambles. Yeah. Oh really? Oh, really? Against the wizards, but as the wizard guy with the worst defense NBA, so continue. So you think that the Lakers would be a playoff team without LeBron in the west? Yeah gady. Yeah, I don't know. If I do not think they would be a playoff team. We have seen a deal with the Pelicans by himself. We see how that works sometimes but I also I think I think I'll be the MC for sure man like 80s and bawling out this year to Lakers are these Lego teams are probably like as good as the best New Orleans seems that ad has so I Think I didn't plugins are I don't know Lakers could sneak. It was like a H7. So who's your second scores? You have a Diaz your Crews must stop sleeping on Coos - okay, but you take kuzma over Jrue Holiday. No. Okay, exactly. So I don't I don't think his team is better than what he had it in New Orleans done because you have you have to Holiday you had booked you had buddy. Yeah, you had Boogie for a little you Jrue Holiday. He's his second option and he had Eric Gordon for a little I think he had a he had a better team like the Lakers team, but they didn't fit as well together. That's what I have to say about that. Yeah, I feel like the Lakers would need a little bit more accordion was just so like he was always injured when he was there. He wasn't like a consistent contributor. Yeah. I also think the Lakers if I'm even a little just 80 they'll definitely make some type of move get another star in there because I mean the Lakers team out LeBron. Yeah, it doesn't look that good. But you know, like it's for as formidable, you know, you can definitely as AC just be some emphasis to meet them. Be a Memphis. I think they could do it. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I just feel like the way they play without LeBron on the court. I don't see how they could be a consistent playoff team or even an 8C. Yeah. I mean I definitely think winning consistently. I don't think LeBron is, you know the cake and then 80s just the icing on top but I mean, it's good to have a tea. I don't know I that's that's a really good question. And that's a really good question a lot to put a poll on Twitter on this. You know this see ya. Be honest because that's that's a really good question then because I definitely think the box would make the playoffs in the East without you honest. I think they'd be yeah, they I think they'd be like a like a succeed I could think of definitely be a succeed because they have bad players to they got Dante demon schenzels. He was he was he was grabbing boards against the Raptors. Yeah, he was frustrating them. He was getting every loose ball. I felt like and that he had another like eight board game the next game. So I feel like they just have guys who can play across the board they got He'll the attack connaughton. They got Iliad silver. They got even Robin Lopez is hitting threes. Now. Like I feel like they have enough shooting to keep them afloat in the East Without You - yeah. I'm in the room how consistent their depth has been specially after they got rid of Brogdon last year. It's been really exactly a lot of people were questioning if they could be as good. Because he was a 50-40-90 but they've been even better this year. Yeah, this team is the they're good men. They're built to their built deep Ziggler Isabelle exactly Clippers with you honest man. This team is deep. They're built from 1 to 12. They got players everywhere. I mean, it'll be interesting to see what happens in the playoffs. But I think I think it is possible that they go 12 and on the East man Responsibility down. Yeah. Whoa. I hope you know that I think it's sweeping every I mean that's a bit ambitious I'd say but there is there's yeah, there's not it's not out the question. I think they definitely could the way they're playing right now proof. Yeah. So that's the NBA talk. We're gonna move on to a little bit of info talk right here the end of the show there were reports coming out. I don't know how wrestling fans hear about this, but it's the that tore my goal number two to the Redskins. So a lifetime lifelong lessons fan. What do you think about that? I love it. I'm sorry Duane Haskins you were you showed a lot of Promise last year, but I'm sorry Tula is something else. We've discussed this before Tua is a special Prospect if the Medicals are clear, I would take him honestly because I feel like quarterback is the most important position in Football and if you can get a special talent like he is special he has the accuracy of Drew Brees and he has a little more mobility and he's left-handed. I feel like he had one of the better college careers we've seen in a while besides the health. He came in that year against Georgia and led them to the champ let Alabama them Championship. So I feel like he's played in a lot of big games. He's started a lot of This and I feel like he's more ready for the NFL than Haskins is now Coley totally did I'm just I come I can't Overlook the talent that I see from Thomas in this almost a this man as a Cowboys fan and I meant as an Eagles fan. I'm I'll be way more scary if I play two or twice a year than past. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No disrespect Haskins. I'm just a lost person to or twice a year oof. Those are not easy guaranteed matchups. Like they've been the past couple years man, but man is if I let you guys get to I be a little scared man. I'm not gonna lie. Exactly. No, I don't be scared of that that trash give us a break last year. Okay, the Redskins have injuries to everyone has injuries. Yeah, we're looking at the end of the day man. Let's be honest here. Holly was my Runners Runners the vision for the next couple of years. Okay, that's as much as I hate to say it. I don't want to like the NFC East could really ruled the NFL if the Redskins to get to and can surround him with some weapons and a decent defense training. I feel like Redskins talk at this point man. Like I don't know what you're talking about Bo, how is it delusional? Besides besides are you guys lost Jordan Reed quitting Dunbar is dipping from the team. Hey, we're going to trial. Oh my God, here we go. Austin who let's be honest. We're gonna sign Austin Hooper who wants to play Under who was the owner Dan Snyder sign exactly. I'm James Bradbury. Oh my here we go with this again some secondary reinforcement. So hopefully we can draft a safety in the second round. And get some lineman's because that line for the Redskins has struggled the past few years a sheriff's the free agent this year man. Sheriff's me. He might share some free agent. Hopefully we can restructure Trent Williams is contract almost didn't because he hasn't he hasn't said that he wants out yet with the new coaching staff and medical staff that has been hired. So hopefully we can re-sign him. It's a hopefully but I'm saying this man, it's too I guess. Drafted by the restrooms. They don't pull that line. He won't get injured again. Uncle few. I almost feel bad for a man. Yeah, you need to protect your quarterback. They can't protect him. I don't think they should draft him. Yeah, man. Yeah. Three times actually times. Yeah, it's been two ankle surgeries and a hip surgery. But if the Medicals are clear and we can put a competent offensive line in front of them. I think he's the he's the guy for the Redskins know he's I'm sorry going for sure for sure. But yeah, I'm actually right street from Nigeria this tweet from this guy chick Hernandez. He's a verified on Twitter, but he said sources close to Trent ones. Camp tells them that contrary to what they call false reports Trent wins never met with reskins head coach Ron Rivera over contract extension Rivera wanted to come down and meet with him, but he hasn't he hasn't met. So sure you look worried this point I mean Trent. I love what you've done for the Redskins organization. And I respect if you want to leave we haven't done much for you. So I wouldn't be surprised if he if that report by chick Hernandez is true. He's been disrespected by the organization multiple times. So if you want to leave go ahead all respect to what you've done you were solid. I think at one point the one of the top two tackles in the league. So wish you the best if you want to leave but I'd be so happy if you'd stay cuz he's a great player and left tackle. I feel is one of the most important positions on the football field. You're protecting the quarterbacks Blindside and he does a great job at doing that. So hopefully he comes back but it's not respect to amen. I see trouble. I saw the killings in person. I'm still struggling as if Trent, you're listening to it. Mr. Willens you listen to show right now. Go get your go. Get your ring. Go get your ring. Go to Kansas City get yourself a ring. You're too good to go. Get a bag too while you're at it go get a bag know that Dan Snyder is cheap as not pay you that this that is just that someone deserves of rain. He deserves something that he was there something for his legacy. They didn't believe him when he had cancer like go ahead and leave bro. Yeah. That's just disrespectful man. I it's a tumor. Sorry too much. Yeah, I mean, all right. So let's say we got three other C3 and of these fans in the in the in the car right now, let's let's predict what you guys think about next year what's gonna happen? Who's gonna win the division? I meant you can start off. All right. I'm going to say it wasn't first Cowboy second Redskins and last as usual and I started so repeat it this year. I don't know like if we're going to look too great or anything, but I'd say solid like 97 ten and six something around that for the Eagles. Yeah, Toya I could agree with you. But you know, my heart is telling me got room for my cowboy past my God with my cowl and we get Tom Brady. I don't even know I don't even know how I'd react but I must say this if we Brady or I don't know whoever we have a score back. I honestly believe this is the Vengeance. This is Revenge your man Cowboys and go in. You don't go like tennis 611 5 we will have one of these good years like the Cowboys always have either it's either mediocre year or it's a really good year. So I think this is where we are really good year. I think we're just gonna I don't know man. I just think we're I just think we both knew this because listen the NFC east and I have repeating champ since the Eagles did it. And like go three or four something that so the trend continues. I think why not give it to the Cowboys man. Why not? Here's why not cuz cuz the residents are drafting to just kidding, but my objective here. I honestly don't even know who's about to be on the Redskins roster next year because who knows we lost a lot of players without Jordan Reed. We lost a lot of players from the old regime Paul Richardson. Goodbye. You were useless. Oh, man. Thank God he's gone. But yeah, I'd I think unfortunately the Eagles. The division with the Cowboys being in second. There's a wild card if when's makes me want to stay healthy. Let's let's let's all agree with that. I mean is that gonna sprain is quote unquote sprained his shoulder. This is why the for the game for the nfc's I was clearing having a bunch of excuses, right? Let's relax. All right. Listen, I don't love deck but Clay Matthews, we all saw that hit Clay Matthews down deck, you know that was That could hurt his shoulder. All right you because you obviously saw against the Eagles you man that was missing It Wide Open throws. He does that often but not in the big moments, right? So let me say that deck was not healthy when you play the Eagles. I'm not trying to make excuses. I'm not trying to make excuses. I'll just say and Amari Cooper was just chilling on the sidelines. I'm alright, I'm alright. I'm sorry, man. Listen, you've done a lot for the team. But either you get this franchise tag, or I means either your deck and if you don't respond with us, that's fine. We're going to drive Steve. Um, it's okay. It's whatever y'all got Michael gal. I'm saying this right now Zeke you need to start eating again. But I want I want to see rookie year Zeke again. I need to see this like 1516 yards 100 yards on the ground this year man. I'm tired of Z going off for like a twelve carry 25 yard game. I don't want to see that anymore Zeke. I'm done with that. All right, we signed you for your money. I'm trying to steer a hundred yards every game. All right, I think that's all I'm asking for is we need to see that burst from Zeke again. I'm a big fan. I'm not gonna lie even though I'm not a Cowboys fan. I don't want to say nothing. He'd been looking a little slow. I probably I mean I can't run fast in them. But I'm just saying like he looks lower than he was retired. He looks a little heavy. I don't know been eating too much. He beat a lot. I mean that that Kabul missing training camp for Cabo that kind of that probably different derail him, but man my girl hopefully this year with a full training camp new coaching staff. Hopefully they can utilize him Mike McCarthy has not you to utilize running backs to their full potential and Past those very scared about that various. Yeah McCarthy's maybe the card is going to be either a big Mis or big hit. So I this is a very I mean, it's a risky. It's a risky actually, it's just everybody says it's a fad but I think McCarthy's either going 12 and 4 and 4 and 12. Yeah, he has to use know how to use utilize the Cowboys personnel and I think we're all feeling the Giants to do you want this man John? Is there a little stuff on but I mean that defense is brutal that defense is awful. I couldn't name More than three players on that defense. Well, I'm so dead or Jones. He's not bad Daniel Jones. He can he can progress he can get a little better C'est quand C'est quand. He's a dog. Evan engram is really good if he can stay healthy definitely think if ya go and taste pretty good, you know, they also have what's that other dudes named? Seriously? Yeah, there is like, he's he's a good he's a promising they got weapons. You just need a very need a defense. They need to give their offensive line has been pretty old. Yeah, they're not I mean, they're the Giants they're real well-run organization. So, you know, I think they can rebuild this defense they'll be they'll be around the 500 Mark I think in my opinion and its the NFC uses back. Yeah, just kidding about the AFC West if you watch my next couple years, I'm not gonna lie man Raiders Raiders will be back up next year too. I think and the NFC West are this is no NFC West is oh, yeah stacked. Yeah, let's yeah, let's start says they're running the NFL rather than yeah. You're right. You got the Rams with the coming back next year Paula Murray got ahold of some Vengeance. I think the 49ers gonna see a little jump off this year. I think side is that always happens with the Super Bowl loser. So, I mean, they'll still make the playoffs. Let's not make deals I think but I think they'll be around like 10 and 6. Within five, they won't be as dominant as they were this year my way too early Super Bowl prediction right now Seahawks cheeks, man. That's almost a Russell was I want to see this so bad Russell Wilson respective homes and Super Bowl. I don't think that will be a battle for the best quarterback in the league. It would be and I'll be a true battle. The torch has been is past and it's been homes and Russell Wilson right now. I think Breeze will passes to breathe breathe on the NFC side. It's Russell Wilson's conference on the AFC sides Mahomes. So I just want to see that really badly. I think decays about have a huge year next year. You can make house might go off and sure I just want I'm saying yeah, get ready for a fancy drive you going up I'm picking up early man that man killed our Eagles playoffs. He's not all dressing. Oh my God. Yeah and we are divisions actually playing the NFC West so that should be fun. It's a scary. It's a scary and I see he's got the AFC North and NFC West is not going to be easy for any of us. Yeah, it is not gonna be fun playing. Yeah, it's not Lamar big bang. Oh Joe burrow. I mean, I'm not scared. I'm scared. Yo, bro, little baker Mayfield. Just kidding. We don't we ain't scared of no Baker Mayfield. Yeah, I think our division gonna run to the the Browns to be honest, but I'm not scared. Yeah. Yeah, we ain't scared in the Browns. I'm really yeah, but for told L versus the Giants are oh, that's me. That's me fun. Yeah, that's going to be fun. Yeah, so wrapping this up. Thanks so much for joining us. Thanks for having me on guys stray always nice to talk to you. Yeah, of course. We'll talk to you guys next week. I don't even know what's happening is let's see what happened this week. We got the Bucks versus the Lakers this week. So we're definitely talking about that next week his free agency French. See the draft. Probably talk, obviously Zion Zion report design accordingly usual and yeah means to be a Gumby have a pact with you guys next week to maybe a bit. We'll be back on the show. Y'all let us know what you thought of them it today. Yeah, depending on that will bring them back depending on if the Eagles make any decision any dumb decisions, you know, yeah, so, all right. That's how y'all see y'all next week. Thank you very much for joining us. See ya. Peace.