Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. so To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes hold because I think that teams are getting progressively better to where I think that they could either make a playoff push or just overall just not just make a playoff push, but just completely blow the doors off whatever convertible they're riding in. so I think I'm going to start in the AL then go to the NL. So I'm going to pick my division winners in my two wild cards. So in the AL East, yeah, the aliased I got the Yankees. There's no question in my mind that the best team in that division. There's no team in that division that can even make a run at it. I think the rays are not horrible, but I do not see. Anyway, that any of the other three teams of that division can make anywhere near run that the Yankees can make with a newly acquired Gerrit Cole and an improving Garrett Aaron judge, Giancarlo. Stanton stays healthy. It's going to be crazy how good I think they could be if they stay healthy and if they stay focused on what they can do. so in the AL West I feel tempted to go with the Astros, but I don't want to go with the Astros because I know they're good enough, but the whole cheating everybody's going to be giving them their best game. Everybody's going to be trying their hardest. They're going to get booed at every away Stadium. They go to and the MLB will be so tight on them where I don't think that they're going to be able to win. So in my opinion, it's either between the angels of the Athletics and the angels with Anthony Rendon. I think they could possibly win that Division and I'm going to go with them to win it because I think the trout has just been dying for that birth into the playoffs and a three-headed monster with him Otani or however, you say that he's in and And down could definitely get them a playoff spot. so To put it lightly. I think that Hold on. Let me just more. Yeah, I don't think the Rangers have any chance. Obviously the Mariners don't have any chance considering its the Mariners and they haven't made the playoffs and what 18 years now and then the Astros obviously and the Athletics might be a dark horse this year. I'm going to be honest I'd I was high on them last year and I don't really know how they didn't make it but you know baseball's more you go on a run and you either keep it or you lose it. He's like in the NBA like everybody knew that the Bucks were going to be good everybody knew that the Celtics were going to be good and it's kind of to the extent where and the NBA consistency is pretty much guaranteed unless you lose a big player and and baseball. It's just simply not like the asterisk the Red Sox. They want to World Series one year and then two years but hardly losing anybody. They're not even in the playoffs. So it's definitely more of like you need all of the effort coming in and baseball in my opinion is more. But you've got to be in with your teammates like because like if your shortstop doesn't have good chemistry because first you're going to have a whole lot of Errors going from short to first or second first. So it's I just think that the angels will build that up better than the Athletics can even though I think they're at athletic scores been around longer, but I think that the veteran leadership on the angels will lead them to the playoffs and then in the central I got the twins. It's the White Sox and the Tigers and Royals are afterthoughts to me at this point and the Indians are. So they have so much talent and they don't use it. There's so much wasted Talent on that entire roster and it kind of gets under my nerves because they could have won a World Series if they held onto the 3-1 lead they had against the Cubs easily and now it just seems like the talent is getting way older and they're regressing and they didn't even make the playoffs last year. So it's kind of getting to the Point where I do not have enough Trust. In them to say you're going to make the Wild Card behind the twins who I just think they're batting lineup is so strong that they there aren't going to do what they did last year. That was amazing, but they're going to be darn close to it and that is amazing. So for my wild cards I think I'm gonna have to go with the Rays because they're pitching can be so strong. They can be so so very strong and I think it's to the point where If they don't make it, it'll be completely on their batting lineup, even though they brought in Jose Martinez, and I think Hunter renfro's going to have a big. big year, but you never know because they they are one of the most bipolar teams in the entire league ends men. I don't think honestly the AL deserves V wild card team, but I gotta go with the Athletics because I think the duo of Matt Chapman and Matt Olson will completely overwhelmed most Al pictures because they're both great at their power. Like they're the power that the two of them have is undeniable and I've got at least 30 home runs for each of them. So I believe that definitely they are the next most deserving team out of the AL. But person I think they're gonna get slaughtered by the Rays. I think they're going to get slaughtered and then the Rays will have to match up with my one which is the Yankees and then therefore get slaughtered probably. Three two one I'd guess cuz I just don't I think that the race could get a game but there's no way in my opinion that Yankees lose and then the Twins and the angels I got the twins. The AL West is such a crapshoot. And like the a the the Angels problem is they don't have any pitching. I mean Tyler Skaggs would obviously help rest in peace, but they just don't have enough strong pictures to make it in the playoffs. And I've got them getting slaughtered by the Twins and then maybe three two one. Maybe they get a second game, but that's a stretch. And then the Yankees and the twins to be honest with you. I got the Yankees maybe four to one maybe a sweep because I've got a feeling that the those Yankees are on on a mission this year to win a championship. and to win a championship in baseball is very hard, but The Yankees have by far in my wedding dress shot out of the air. There's no question in my mind about that. And I think it's a long shot. Anybody beat them in the World Series either but I'll get to that when I go to the National League where man I I'm gonna I'm gonna be biased and I'll willingly say that but I've got the Braves in the NL East because I think that they're going to be even better than they were last year. I was they got down 10 0 and game five of the ALDS last year and like I just I've come back from baseball practice. I pull out my phone and somebody takes my group chat. Look at the Braves game. 0 to 10 bottom of the first so it's it's very hard to come back from like a defeat like that. But I think the Braves definitely have an income with Albie's Acuna Freeman and then their pitching is always been a serious question mark but I think they're going to improve their lot with Max freed. I think he's got to be the ace. I think he's got to step up because Julio Fair on was not cutting it. That dude was not cutting it. And basically that's my opinions on there. I think the Phillies and the Nationals can make a run but the Nationals are going to miss friend known they're going to miss him hard. And I think they're batting lineup is pretty weak other than Juan Soto and how we Kendrick and some other. Okay guys, but I think they've got a good bit of holes in the infield. But I mean they won the World Series last year and you can't really question that and the NL Central Man, I NL Central Lord, that is a crapshoot. All right. Well my opinion the reds are automatically out of the picture because they're too young and they don't really have a guy to really go to is the number one because vatos aging and all of their young guys. I don't think they're good enough yet to make a push. So their number 5 in this Division and then the Pirates same thing with them except they don't really have a leader and I think that their overall better. But maybe Josh Bell has another great year if he's still there. I don't remember but I think that they could definitely make a run, but I doubt it very highly and then the Cardinals the Cubs in the Brewers The Three Stooges. You have a World Series winner a guy that took the World Series champs to 7 and then the Brewers who have so much talent yet. Somehow screw it up every postseason even though last year wasn't really their fault because they ran into a full-on train aka the Washington Nationals, so I don't think the Cubs are going to make a run. I think the Cubs are our they regress so much and I don't really even know why because they're batting lineup is not gotten any worse at all. Except maybe aging but their pitchers have gotten worse. I will say that but to me, it's a two-team race and I think the Brewers win that race over the Cardinals because I don't really have much to say about the Cardinals because to me it seems that they don't have one player to rely on. They don't have that X-Factor guy that they can just all right here the reins. You got to lead this team to the playoffs. I mean they've obviously got a couple of Team captains, but they I just don't think they have it in them to win again. I think Yadier Molina could definitely light a fire under these guys, but that's the only way I see them getting past the wild card. So I got the Brewers winning their division and then the NL West Can I can I get a runaway because the Dodgers the Dodgers are so good. The Dodgers are infinitely better than anyone that they could match up against. Except me. I might give the Braves a little bit of a chance. But other than that the Dodgers are runaways the Dodgers are Runaways. Padres Too Young Too dumb I'm kind of getting cocky here. But the Dodgers are infinitely better in my opinion than any team in the NL West and I mean, I think the Rockies are okay, but I'm kind of biased because that's a team that I like to root for but the Giants I don't think can make a run there too old the Diamondbacks. They just been in a state of rods for the last however many years and the Padres are like I said, too young to his arm, so The Dodgers around with their the one they there when the their winning the most games in the end, they'll be there's no question in my mind because that team that they have built as insane. I don't know how they have the cap to manage all that but that team they have built it's insane. I have no idea how they were able to do it, but they're pitching lineup is going to be insanely hard to go up against and to pitch to that group of batters. Imagine having to hit Justin Turner back to Cody Bellinger back to Mookie Betts. That's one scary thing to hear. That is horrifying. so for wild card was I think that the Nationals in the Phillies because I'm obviously biased and I think the NL West East is better, but I think the Bryce Harper has a bounce back. I think that JT wrote me you to has a bounce back. I think that their entire team notices. Hey, we played horrible last year. Let's warp ourselves into shape and I think the Phillies make a run. And then they play the Nationals who in my opinion are aging and they kind of they kind of hoisted their last hurrah because do you ever feel like there's one team that like enough Fire gets lured into them that they use every bit of their concern conserved energy on that because that's what I think that the Nationals are. But I think that they are good enough as is to beat the rest of this in my opinion down year of the MLB where it's very top-heavy. So I've got the Phillies winning that wild-card game and then therefore getting slaughtered and I mean slaughtered in a series by the Los Angeles Dodgers easy sweep easy sweep, and then the Braves I think they're going to be the Brewers fairly easily. I don't know if it'll go to four or five but I think the Braves are definitely the better team. I think that they just got to pitch around Yelich make sure that he doesn't kill them. And then that leaves the Braves in the Dodgers to go up against the Yankees and I may be a Braves fan, but that Dodgers team that Dodgers team. Way too good for the bridge the still. Yep. Oh, I cannot talk. It's still growing Braves to take on so I've definitely got the Dodgers advancing. So toddlers Yankees two biggest markets two best teams. two best pictures some of the best players this one's going to 7. This is going to be a classic the Dodgers who have had serious trouble winning any sort of anything. in the last few years after the ALCS. They lose to the world the World Series champions three years in a row and now they're taking on in my opinion the best team they played because the Astros are completely I think yeah Reds are for cheating too. So those two championships are completely negated due to the fact that both of them were most likely cheating. So I say that the LA Dodgers and Clayton Kershaw finally get to hoist that Trophy this year. and I think that Mike Trout wins another MVP and I think I'm not sure who wins the MVP in the NL. Maybe Ike Union makes a run for it. Maybe Yelich does but I definitely think that it's gonna be an outfielder and I definitely think that it's going to come from a playoff team. And for Scion in the AL, I've got man the AL not the strongest place for pictures. I may be Blake's. No, but Gerrit Cole is my runaway favorite in the AL because I was just trying to find somebody that I said I could think could win other than Gary Cole and then in the NL Kershaw I don't know if anybody can take it from and that may be what's his face from the Jack Flaherty from the Cardinals to do something? But and maybe Scherzer or Strasburg has a really good year. But I think that both of the cylons are pretty much Givens the way that my predictions of gone. But anyway, I think that the 2020 MLB season will be very eventful and very enjoyable if you can watch the game, which I honestly can't I can only watch the ninth but that's the sporting billion and that's my thoughts on the next year of the MLB. I'll see you all in my next podcast on Wednesday.