Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western new territories of Hong Kong. The station was filled with protesters on their way home. But before the train could leave dozens of men dressed in white and wearing surgical masks flooded the terminal armed with iron bars clubs and polls the mob began attacking commuters though their targets were allegedly the protesters and black their brutality seemed indiscriminate young old pregnant victims begged for mercy among them was Pro democracy lawmaker lean. She would Ting the first phone call to the police happened at 10:45 p.m. Five minutes into the attack dozens more were Paid but the police didn't arrive until 11:20 p.m. One minute after the mob dispersed as if it had all been arranged. The 18 stitches and lean to a Tings mouth weren't enough to silence him. He explained the situation quite plainly the police and the Triads now rule you long together. Hi, I'm Vanessa Richardson, and I'm Greg Paulson. And this is secret societies a par cast original every Thursday. We examine history's most exclusive organizations from around the world and try to shine a light on the truth behind these mysterious groups from the Illuminati to the order of the nine angles will explore how much impact each secret society actually had on. World around them. This is our first of two episodes on the Triads a vast number of underground Chinese criminal organizations spread across the world. Their Roots can be traced back to the early seventeenth century. When the Ching Dynasty ruled China this week, we'll discuss to the best of our knowledge the circumstances that led to their formation will also examine what we know of their secret initiation rituals their culture and the glue that is held them together for so many years next week. We'll examine the longevity of the Triads the circumstances that allowed them to spread across the world and the impact they've allegedly had on some of the planets largest political stages like their role in the Opium Wars and how they're still making headlines today. The white tigers of New York City the black dragons of Los Angeles the 14k of Hong Kong the bamboo Union of Taiwan London Singapore, San Francisco Malaysia Boston, what we're saying is even if you don't think you know them the Triads might be closer than you think today. There are roughly 25 different know. Groups that may be associated with the Triads. They operate in Shadows under different names dipping their hands into drug trafficking extortion prostitution money laundering murder and the government But trying to separate fact from fiction and an organization as sprawling and complex as the Triads begins with a rather murky understanding of the name itself. The word Triad is a loose translation of the Chinese phrase. Sanho, we or the triple Union society. It's a reference to the union of Heaven Earth and Humanity that Trinity is allegedly represented in the Triangle imagery. They employ it's unclear. However, which came first the triangle or its Associated meaning which is to say the group may have always Add to this spiritual Trinity or they may have just liked triangles chicken or the egg. It doesn't really matter. What does matter is how the etymology of the word Triad has evolved since they were first established today. It's become an umbrella term for any Chinese criminal or underground organization. The word Triads has become synonymous with crime which makes it difficult to sort out who or what is authentic a group dubbed at Triad could be part of the society or an unrelated criminal Enterprise riding their coattails and intentional or not flooding the world with decoys makes hiding in plain sight pretty easy. Luckily for us. The origins of the Triads are less hidden now in the 1980s China opened its first historical archives and primary sources that were previously classified became available to the public. so let's travel back to about a century before the Triads first started to form some time in the 1600s in the fujian province of China historians may simplify the origin story of the Triads into one of a rebellion a group of man who banded together to resist the Ching dynasty United by their support of its predecessor the Ming the reality however is more nuanced it had as much to do with Local politics and the power struggle between influential families as it did anything on a national scale by the mid 17th century China was experiencing a massive population Spike its agriculture couldn't keep up with demand and people were starving perhaps none more so than the people of June Powell County in the fujian province. The little land June Powell County did have was trapped between the mountains and the Sea roughly 50% of its Fields consisted of just sand and brine making it difficult to grow crops and his populations grew inhabitable terrain became more and more scarce. So as the prospect of living off the land became less of a possibility and emigration economy began to form people were forced. To travel and look for work as hired laborers those who were literate to try their hand at reading fortunes horoscopes and predicting the future the rest were relegated to the priesthood begging pirating or thievery to find new income streams. These migrants traveled to less populous areas with more land and more stable economies. To make matters worse an influential family in the starving fujian Province, but Jang family started staging rebellions against the new Ching rule in response Ching officials implemented a wickedly cruel measure to enforce their dominance a coastal evacuation policy. They made everyone who lived in the region move miles Inland. They knew how precious the arable land in the fujian province was and that it was already. Stuff to capacity, but they wanted to send a message. They want to just starve the Jung's and everyone suffered as a result the entire Coast became a wasteland Villages and Farms were abandoned people were starving and desperate in close quarters desperation led to recklessness crime and murder Sword and the dead could be counted in the thousands. It was in the midst. East of this chaos that the earliest Chinese secret societies began to form it became clear that there was power in numbers. So local leaders began quietly sticking out territory and creating spheres of influence at first lines were drawn by family or by County each was trying their best to survive all held deep-seated resentment towards the government, but none were large or strong enough to enact significant changes unable to take Action against Ching, they took action against each other. But as years passed the groups became more formalized local temples run by religious societies were used as headquarters some even started funding the society's operations. This move to Temples was a critical component for the later formation of the Triads by Loosely re-centering their purpose around a deity blood relation and County ties became less important and the concept of non-kin Brotherhood. Added to form a sworn Brotherhood Bound by oath. The earliest societies were small most of them unnamed many relied on each other for very practical reasons. For example, membership fees were collected to help all participants care for their elderly parents. There were of course occasional quarrels with the law and Leadership, but they came in fits and starts. None had the momentum to be considered a movement many had fewer than 20 members among these societies a distinction was made between between those who swore blood Oaths and non blood Oaths the difference was quite simple those who used blood as a part of their initiation ritual and those who did not but this distinction became important when the Ching Dynasty enacted new laws by 1661 the punishment for participation in a non blood Brotherhood was getting whipped with heavy bamboo 100 times meanwhile blood Brotherhood memberships in some Vince's work capital offenses Around 1683 G Qi Gong a magistrate of Julia County wrote this to denounce the blood Oaths cropping up in China. It has become an evil custom for young no Goods looking for trouble and to stand out to burn incense pour out Libations and call one another brother seeking to forget differences of nobility and baseness and to Aid one another in poverty and wealth they To remain together in sadness and in joy and to watch out for one another in life and in death, you can hear the discussed in his words for the men's class for their childish Disobedience, but for for travelers Leah mean chew ding Yan Tau 1 antici Disobedience was worth potentially losing their lives some time before 1761 these four men left the struggling, June Powell County. And made their way to Szechuan there. They joined the Society of 48 monks who supposedly specialized in Magic and expelling ghosts years later when the four Travelers Departed the Society of monks. They split up they each went on to spread the techniques. They had learned throughout China then sometime around 1760 1T. She returned to June Powell County capitalizing on the number of recruits. He gathered in his travels he The more formal Society at the goddess of Mercy Pavilion that society would soon bear the name the T&D Hoy the Heaven and Earth Society the descendants of whom would be known as the Triads and what began as a small gathering in a tiny province of China would grow to become one of the largest and most elaborate secret societies in the world. Coming up a look into the Triad discipline code and bloody initiation rituals. Podcast listeners, we realize that there are a lot of par cast shows to choose from each day and sometimes not enough time to sort through them all in our new feed Park asked daily. We filter through all of your favorite podcast series to highlight the most timely and relevant episode premiering each day every Monday through Friday discover a new and captivating episode curated specifically for you. That's one new episode from our slate of content hand-picked with you in mind time is precious. And we've got you covered follow Park asked daily free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. You can check out more par cast shows and a full library of episodes in Spotify by searching for par cast in the Spotify search bar or by going to Spotify.com / podcast. Now back to the story. In 1761 T. She founded the T&D Hoy it Blended his monastic training with a political effort to overthrow the oppressive Ching Dynasty in the fujian province of China after the T&D hoist establishment members began to develop rituals on December 8th. 1767 One account notes that the men United their hearts by drinking wine mixed with Ash from incense afterward. They were given pieces of blue. And white cotton cloth symbols that the new brothers were now authorized to recruit new members on their own but as their organizations became more complex, so did their Traditions by 1800 the society grew to Encompass more than 300 men each one United by blood in a ceremony. They would never forget. You began by fasting a way to purify your body and your soul you were then asked to build an altar incense was burned in front of the altar you and your fellow initiates would dig a pit which would be used to sacrifice an animal often a sheep. Once the sacrifice wasn't Place. One of the leaders of the ceremony would cut off the animals left here place it in some sort of vessel and catch the blood in a separate receptacle often one that already contained why this Blood would then be sprinkled on the altar a text would be read including the names of the initiates and the Oaths that you were accepting Oaths that solidified your absolute Devotion to your brothers as well as absolute secrecy you and your fellow initiates would then smear blood across your lips and Neil you were handed three sticks of incense and nine Blades of grass blood would then be smeared on a copy of the oath before being buried in the pit with the animal then the leader of the ceremony would drink the first sip of blood before it would be passed to you and your fellow initiates the leader and his fellow brothers would impress upon you not only the importance of your vows but the consequence of betraying them that consequence was given life in the form of an initiation task known as crossing the bridge. You and your fellow initiates would crawl on your hands and knees underneath a great number of knives and swords each one hung precariously above you forward motion was your only option any backwards movement might cause the swords to metaphorically or literally fall and kill you all and you would recite these words if one person experiences difficulty. One will come to his Aid if I break the South the knife will fall and destroy my body. In other words, you will put the Triads before all else the group and its secrets are worth more to you than your life. This initiation ritual demonstrates that from the very beginning the Triads valued loyalty and Brotherhood above all else with time their basic structure remained the same but their practice has evolved they grew to incorporate Creeds and information about the Triads history and purpose secrets and codes would be shared with the new members. One of the earliest known codes of the Triads is while traveling if you were asked where you were from you would answer. The water if the phrase was understood it meant you were with Brothers much later. They developed a universal symbol of membership raising three fingers and extending them towards the heavens pressing them against the chest or when necessary more suddenly employed in a task like eating or reaching for tea leaves and as the Brotherhood grew these codes became increasingly important, especially when traveling recognition by fellow. Brothers meant protection recognition from authorities might mean death Many of those codes are still in use by Triads today, but while a line can be drawn from them all the way back to the TNT homeboy or the Heaven and Earth Society at the end of the 18th century. That line isn't exactly straight As the TNT Hoyer continue to evolve grow and change hands over Generations. They became harder to trace details, especially become difficult to track like which signs were active when this is largely due to the fact Fact that history tells of a number of groups that sprang from the TNT Hoy the three dots Society the hongmen the three Unity Society the Hong League they could very well be the same group using different names to hide from their own notoriety. They could just have decided to change titles or each one could be a separate entity factions broken off to create new unique societies that each share a common ancestor the signals and Aren't the only variations the internal mythology shifted as well. For instance in 1767. The TNT Hoyer chose three figureheads that their group could rally around Jolly Yong Ming Tsai D my and then hollywoo. Each one had been a leader in the Song Dynasty, which was remembered as an idyllic time before the oppressive rule of the Chang some time later. The monks of the Shaolin content were adopted as similar figureheads, maybe even to replace As the trio and they were chosen for very similar reasons. They were symbols of the Ming dynasties resilience against Ching rule. Allegedly sometime between 1671 and 1732 one Ching Emperor was so afraid of the power of the Shaolin Monks that he burnt their Convent to the ground. Of the 128 monks 110 were said to have died in the fire only 18 escaped and only five of those managed to reach a safe haven all others perished at the hands of the Ching those five monks were referred to as the five Elders we could spend this entire episode diving into all of the symbols signs imagery and details used over the years all of the lore and all of the possible. Is responsible for each addition or subtraction instead. We're going to operate under the assumption as many scholars do that. No matter the name or variations. They refer to one group that evolved over time and for our purposes, we'll call them the Triads and that one group always had a Common Thread one that differs greatly from other secret societies Mutual Aid and Rebellion against corruption and it was Almost virtuous take for instance. One of history's most famous secret societies the Skull and Bones society some have suggested that the bones men are driven by their interest in Eugenics white nationalism and creating new world order and that they're elitist principles are enacted from the top down. The Triads however were founded on the exact opposite principles. At least at first they were in a sense the people's secret society, which is not to say that there wasn't a leadership or hierarchy since its founding we know there was a distinct power structure within the Triads members known as Elder brothers or teachers were look to as leaders and you worked your way up by proving your commitment how Democratic the process is or Was is not clear but context clues point to not very they were a people society and that their interest was the betterment of its brothers and the betterment of China as a whole they were established in the spirit of rebellion, even if that wasn't why people joined in the first place. documents from the first historical Archive of China include some of its earliest members motivations for joining the Society of the 196 Triads Brothers interviewed 42% said that Mutual Aid was the primary incentive 37 percent stated resistance and protection against violence 16% said the collection of money only 5% listed Rebellion as their primary motivation for joining the Triads that data set tells a pretty Your story the earliest Triads were a group of men leveraging any opportunity they could to support themselves and their families in a dangerous ERA with scarce resources. But according to historian d&h Murray author of the book. The origins of the T&D Hoy much of that data has to be taken with a grain of salt. In fact, every record currently available on the Triads does her reasoning is that most of our written accounts were compiled in hindsight? Site, even with first-hand testimony the further away from the actual events the less the human memory can be trusted not to mention a majority of the records were taken by Chinese government officials and solicited Through Torture. Which is to say if your fingers were slowly being crushed by a metal Vice, you might just make a confession to make the pain stop. Even if it was a lie. So it's safe to assume that this particular data set on why people join the Triads is in some sense skewed Rebellion wouldn't have been the safest choice that you were speaking with the government official and you knew capital punishment was on the table and yet as a whole the numbers probably aren't far from the truth one Triad a man named Yin. Yin, testified that in the beginning people joined largely for protection. He explained if you come to blows with someone they were people who would help you if you encountered robbers on the street, if they heard the secret code, they would bother you. No further fighting in. The Rebellion would be the equivalent of paying dues in a modern-day fraternity. It was a requirement of the Brotherhood survival. However, was there toga party it was there ice-cold keg it was their reason for being their earliest attempts at Uprising reflected the brothers tepid commitment to the cause they were peasants and farmers and thieves and yet in fujian on April 30th 1768. They planned an attack on local officials. It would be their first exercise of strength a demonstration that they wouldn't stand for corrupt leadership. They had heard the number of guards would be low and through fervent recruiting they had managed to get Of numbers to try and take a stand maybe even take some power back, but when it came time to strike reality hit and many turned around and fled for their lives armed with only knives and clubs 33 of the brothers were slaughtered by the guards. But even in defeat the Triads remained focused they doubled down on recruitment efforts their numbers Rose and fell with every Uprising but with each attempt, they learned they became stronger eventually they adopted what we might call slogans Creed's or mottos, including obey heaven and follow the way suppress corrupt officials and Obey heaven and work righteousness like their figurehead. The mottos involved in changed with time in aliases, but what's important is the purpose always remain the same unite against Ching rule to uphold the ancient ways of their Homeland and defend the rights of the celestial Empire which essentially means defend the rights of China to oversimplify. The celestial Empire was China or rather the vision they had for China. Early Outsiders likely viewed the Triads as a band of violent thieves their attacks weren't always what we might consider Justified. They certainly weren't Pious. They robbed pillaged and killed and their victims were more than just government officials to a certain extent all secret societies operate under a moral code AS do gangs and the mafia but morality is open to interpretation and any interpretation. And can be justified any action can be compartmentalized many of these societies fall far outside of what you are. I might consider moral. But what's perhaps most interesting about the Triads is that in their earliest stages there? Perhaps most aligned with what could be called the Robin Hood model take from the rich give to the poor. They were fighting for justice. But in their Quest For Justice, they gained momentum and with momentum came power and notoriety. And the more powerful they became the more discipline was necessary one crack could collapse everything that they had worked so hard to build and so the Triads leadership solidified a disciplinary code the most up-to-date one contains 36 volts. They can be broken down into a few different sections secrecy Mutual Aid and respect for a Brother's women. Each o'the ends with a consequence of what happens if the oath isn't upheld the options are either getting killed by five Thunderbolts or getting killed by a myriad of Swords the 36th start how you might expect I shall never betray my sworn Brothers. I shall not disclose the secrets of the Triads family not even to my parents brothers or wife if I change my mind and deny my membership. I will be killed. But they're distinctly human. I must treat the parents and relatives of my sworn Brothers as my own kin. I shall assist my sworn Brothers to bury their parents and brothers by offering Financial or physical assistance. I will assist their wives and children who may be in need even virtuous. I must not take advantage of the Triad Brotherhood in order to oppress or take violent or unreasonable advantage of others. I must be content and Honest and they end with their purpose the goal that is greater than any member individually. I shall be loyal and faithful and shall Endeavor to overthrow the ching and restore the Ming. Our common aim is to avenge our five elders. It all seems well and good even benign until you consider. One thing the Ching Dynasty ended in 1912. So why then are the Triads still around today? Coming up power and greed gets the best of the Triads now back to the story so far. We've taken a look at the history of the Triads the rituals and their culture. We know their Oaths and their purpose blood rites aside, you might call their Vision Noble and given how much we do know you could even say they don't appear to be very secret. But today their secrecy and power lies in what? I don't know over the course of a few centuries the Triads changed in many areas of China. They became the same political system. They'd once raged against to fully illustrate what we mean by that. Let's travel to New York City in the late 20th century. The flying dragons were street gang from the late 60s that operated until the imprisonment of their leader in 1993. They were known for a wide variety of criminal activities. Most notably pushing heroin. At least after the mid 80s when the Italian mafia lost a bit of control over that market the flying dragons were formed by immigrants primarily from Hong Kong and they were likely created out of necessity as a way to survive the persecution of being a Chinese immigrant. American soil their story is shared by nearly every Chinese criminal organization in New York since the 1800s the goats Shadows The Hip sing Tong the on Liang Tong all of which were formed in large part by immigrants from Hong Kong and Taiwan. We know that those areas were and are hubs for the Triads, but the coincidence alone isn't enough no hard evidence has ever link the Triads and the Chinese gangs in New York City. however In 1992 a Hitman for the Chinese gang shui Fang was arrested in London his name way hen Chun in court Cheung gave shocking testimony. He revealed the secret initiation ritual of the shui fall according to Chung one night. He and nine others were taken to the basement of a restaurant in West London incense burned as they were told to strip to their underpants and get on their knees. The only thing in the room was a table covered in red paper on it a glass of wine a knife and a paper cut out of a man on one of the walls was an altar of some sort in. That were ten pieces of paper each one cut into the shape of a triangle one for each initiate. The ceremony was led by the owner of the restaurant a man named. Mr. Lewin. Ah, and it was conducted in an ancient dialect Chung later learned what a few of the words mean never betray brother never steal from a brother and never commit adultery with a brother's wife. The middle finger of his left hand was pricked with a pen. As his blood started to run his finger was placed into the wine afterwards. He was instructed to put his finger in his mouth. When asked how it tasted Chung responded sweet to cement the bonds of Brotherhood. They were asked questions like if the police wanted information from you and we're willing to offer you money. Do you choose money or your brother's the answer was of course, they're Brothers then they were On the back with the broadside of a blade finally. Mr. Lewin, ah, raise the paper cutout of the man before them. He told them it represented an informant a betrayer. He asked them what the penalty was for someone who betrayed them and the men repeated death. Over and over as mr. Lowe anak took his knife to the paper man and shredded him to pieces. The shui Fang Gang was never likely considered part of the Triads before chunks testimony, at least not by anyone outside of the organization. In fact, there was barely any evidence that the shui Fang existed at all, but way, hen Chung's report might shed a new light on the New York gangs from the 1800s to the 1990s. We know that they waged wars fought viciously with hatchets Cleavers pistols and Bombs, we know they made their money through extortion drugs, kidnapping murder prostitution and gambling. We know that they had all allegedly been disbanded supposedly. They were gone Without a Trace but what Secrets did they hold what connections were never brought to light after all fear is one of the most powerful motivators in the world and you might also stay quiet about your associations if when questioned your mind, Brought you back to a dark Cellar and the chant death death Death as you watched an image of yourself sliced to pieces that slowly drifted to the floor. What way henching experienced was almost certainly a Triad initiation ceremony and the fact that testimony like his is so rare represents the power of what you could call the new Triads the Triads that lost all sense of morality. At some point in their storied history suppress corrupt officials took a back seat to their ambition Oaths. Like I must not take advantage of the Triad Brotherhood in order to oppress or take violent or unreasonable advantage of others were forgotten. They became the corruption they once fought as they stepped into the shadows of organized crime White Collar Blue Collar, it didn't matter they were motivated by greed and their Evolved with them they became an extension of the Chinese nationalist party. They became almost Untouchable and by the 20th century Police Commissioner of Hong Kong Henry Heath suggested that in Hong Kong alone one in every six of its three million residents was a member of the Triads like we said at the beginning a Triad By Any Other Name Is Still synonymous with crime, but why what? Opened how do Freedom Fighters become drug dealers and political operatives? Next week, we'll try and answer those questions and more will take a look at the Triads rise and their expansion into the modern world including places like Australia Europe and the United States will also explore their role in major political initiatives like the Opium War how they infiltrated the government and massacred thousands of people to ensure the message of the Chinese nationalist party was heard around the world. And how they may still be operating in your backyard. Thanks again for tuning in to secret societies will be back Thursday with part 2 and the bloodthirsty Corruption of the Triads from the 19th century to today for more information on the Triads amongst the many sources. We used we found the book the origins of the tnd Hoyer by diannemurray extremely helpful to our research. You can find all episodes of secret societies and all other podcasts Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music, but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park a store Originals like secret societies for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream secret societies on Spotify just open the app and type secret societies in the search bar, and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will see you next time. Secret societies was created by Max Cutler and is a park a studio is original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Trent Williamson with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of secret societies was written by Connor Sampson with writing assistance by Maggie admire and stars Greg Paulson and Vanessa Richardson.