Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.I might have to go back to my suite and delete some test Suite do it now before this contract. Yeah, and we have the amazed inside the temple. Have you been? Oh, I've been doing up life. I'm just trying to be normal for a while. Like I think literally I've been on the road. I've been like doing shows been Doom TV and all that kind of severe discomfort yet not having babies. She said if you still haven't been I haven't Yeah, like literally for the last 10 years. Like I've just been on the road and stuff. So for the last couple years, I just wanted to be normal I said when I got to that fair, yeah, I was going to just take it easy. Chill have a kid do with that kind of stuff because a lot of people from where we're from don't even get that chance. Yeah like that while the economy I'm taking it. Yeah that kind of normal stuff and it was good for me. And then at the same time I set up a couple of other businesses and started like investing. My time into other artists and like you eyes signing them helping them with their you know, careers and stuff like that support them in any way I could and so you know that people at Young Bane. Yes pounds waiver to create our power. She's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. She's faster Callie clear. Okay, Steven Why Campbell? Yeah, we've seen your chili that having some time because honestly, I think about this and I couldn't have been there for you know, an artist. Well one I'm a dickhead and also liked the dish tracking thing would never back that would have never worked for me because I put so much of my life. I sometimes I want episode 62. She said her dad. In the round Yeah Yeah couple hours online and making music again. Oh, yeah. I've Jus know I've been making music. I've always been making music. We've got students that we've got our own kind of setups kind of like similar to this room. Kinda nice little young Flex. Yeah, because we've always had that entrepreneurial kind of own your own shit. Yeah the beginning so luckily we've had our studio I've Studio in Greenwich Village, I think there are yes, it will move until I thought you forgot. So I'm basically always making music so it's not like I stopped making music on and I started again. I've been making music and now I've got to the plan. I'm listening back to all the tracks and I'm like people need to hear this. Hmm. So you happy with them or sometimes you hit back at all. This is yeah. Happy yeah, okay people need to hear it when I'm not happy people can't hear ya. I hope it's one of your watches now. It's just going to ask you because when I think of you I think of like I do you think of business I think of music and I think a fashion. Yeah, so that's important to know what you guys think. Yeah, like that's why I think like when I think of tiny I think fashion, I think music I just think like someone that kind of like encompasses everything like what's your favorite area? My favorite one of them are thank you. My favorite area is definitely music music and that Music is the thing that came most natural to me. Just let him see in and doing all that kind. Yeah, you know, it's even a part of our culture. Yeah, but you guys look like you even emceed probably back in the did you flick your hair like yes. Is kind of natural. Yeah kind of innate things kind of thing while music is definitely the first love and in fashion. I've always kind of like clothes and been into Brands and all that but I think I found out more free music. So it has to be music when you're sitting front row. It's right at the shows. I always wondered what do people talk about when you're sitting next to people that you might not know like Judy's what absolute shit as complete shit. Nothing oppose a shit because door closes shit. Sometimes it's like standing up and doing Standing Ovation says that I don't yeah, I think a lot of people will be thinking it but I think when you're there you've been invited in it, so you have to kind of sort of yes, obviously what a lot of people don't realize is that with Runway stuff. That's not always what ends up in the show. Yeah that sometimes that's just Get the passes craziest vision and then it gets broken down into something. That's more every day. Yeah, it's cool. So even if some of the clothes are shit, no one will really ever say that but in terms of what people talk about sometimes you're lucky and you get to sit next to like another artist, if you've never met them before you just be like our big fan, I'm a big fan of your work and then maybe little selfie or something like that. But other than that people just a complete shit. Really. Yeah, and then the other question was do you stand Up ya know because just that was such a fashion show. No that was just off the back of your point. Like if you don't like it, would you just stay sat down like you're not even allowed to get up and I'll fill it plants and I love him. Yes. I literally like I remember sitting down and the show usually shows gone for about 8 to 10 minutes. Yeah, my dessert like 10 minutes before where everyone sitting down and like a little 10 minutes after so all in all like a half an hour, but this show the guy had fucking like it look like Mad Max. So there's all these that dirt bikes with he's like robotic elephants blowing fire and all this kind of stuff. And so I'm thinking You should be able to go five minutes goes past 10 minutes 15 minutes. I said, you know what fuck this I got up and I just ran I just ran out. I tried my best to do it at a point where I wasn't too many people was on the TV that's run as quick as I could and I used it. I probably messed up a little bit of the feng shui, but he might exact Sciences Felipe, you know, I haven't been invited back, right? We get like a lot of people like emailing us about what's going on in their lives that we offer. We don't normally get a little more perspective. Okay. So now you're quite done all the Galas ways. I assume you've got out your system. Yeah. Yes. Hopefully some of the dilemmas are wild. So just I'm ready. I'm ready. You know what? My mind says the man's a man system. I think sometimes people. Yeah, I'm sure like, everybody's got eyes at the end of the day you got me but I do believe that you can get to a stage in your life where you're like, it's not worth the repercussions. Yeah, it's not wet and everyone passes are you thinking but you can never bone everyone. I'm no longer attracted to my husband. He's first of all, I want to thank you south-south. Okay, so let's just jump into that. Let Mom I've been with my husband for almost 10 years made for form and we have beautiful little boys. I'm paper. Everything should be happy. He's a good man with a kind heart but I feel so guilty nearly all the time because I'm just not physically attracted to him anymore bit of a background when we first met I couldn't get enough of him in a usual honeymoon phase looking back. I think I fell in love this potential that he was never really really attractive in the first place. After they got married and had a baby and yes, we had a mad busy year that year. My husband became unwell, he lost lays the way his skin practically fall enough. You can barely hold our son for it all and the and he flat-out refused to go to the doctors instead. He went to stick with more holistic approach and changing his diet what we were supposed to be the happiest time of our lives together. I would tend upside down I was exposed exhausted with any baby, but also sick about him watching him suffer was horrible and I hate myself for thinking this but there was a point where I felt like I was loved for my husband. Lll change to not just physically but mentally and emotionally to he became withdrawn. He didn't want to go out. Well, he does go to work and stay home. I tried to get him to do things where it was like watching all the fun and liveliness literally drain from a person. I feel selfish even typing this but I stopped seeing him as a manner fall in love with and more like a patient I had to care for that's doesn't need us and he for the house because there was skin everywhere. I shall be the Lion's Share of the childcare and of course all the best feeding. I mean, yeah, you think I had Some days and will be at home client. I was just duty-bound trap to even don't get me wrong. I care about him deeply and he's a good man. But now I feel as though you're completely change. I've grown stronger more stuff self-reliant and even decided to pursue a new career early career. He has shrunk less confidence and feel stuck in his chubby doesn't like physically. I just don't feel the same way about him sex isn't really exciting. It just feels awkward Because deep down. I'm not feeling it. This is just frustrating to me because this I definitely need to get my back blown out. Just not all just not buy him a pretty clever. Yeah, go on thinking about that ship the Morehouse outspoken. We don't we don't have that much in common type are in skills completely different. I feel like I have more of a life than he does. He's happy paddling the long. Where was I want more? I wanna go places. I want to travel and I want to make my movies. I recently told him how I felt it was horrible to him. I didn't find him anymore, but I had to come clean he was hurting for awful, but also relieved we decided to make more of an effort of each other. Um, it takes you to see how things goes my dilemma is I don't feel like I can turn on my attraction switch. Maybe there's something wrong with me. Maybe I shouldn't have married him in the first place. I just don't know what to do next. I know their marriage isn't Fifty Shades of Grey and swinging from the chandeliers. I just can't imagine saying with someone you feel no desire towards the rest of your life. And another hand. I feel I will be hey, I would hate myself for leaving him a needs me most so many times is told me doesn't know what to do. He would have done without me and he hits home every single time help. I feel so stuck. That's the worst thing as well when they're like, you know, I don't know what I would do without you because that guilt laughs quietly what I think I thought you might have to you have to my friend her boyfriends. Mom died like she had cancer and she died and she's wanted to dump him. Anyway. Yeah, and then the mom dad and she was like, what do I mean - every year it's hard to she dumped him. Yeah, but this this situation is different. Okay? Yeah, they're married, but they might let me give you my purse. But okay. Yeah good. So the way I'm seeing it is. Yeah, once you marry someone marriage Life For Me marriage is a spiritual thing is deeper than just physicality and like I like you you like me they didn't know it together. There's a deeper thing. I'm a religious person. Yeah, I believe in God, so I believe that you're kind of making a promise and a covenant in the eyes of God. Yeah that you're basically going to be a partnership until the end and obviously you can get divorced and that saying I don't believe in divorce if it's going to shit and yeah before yeah, which is probably to be my conclusion for this it's gonna be my conclusion here because she doesn't seem happy. I'm also like a firm believer that in your life. You have to be happy. But what I do think is before people get into these situations. I think a lot of people are looking at life in so much of a circle kind of way and you know when you made those promises and you take that over it kind of says for better for worse the person that you're investing yourself in at that point, who knows what's going to happen life is tough like the same thing could have Easily happen to you Chad g'kar mean and then at that point what what do you want the man to do join? The man's be like, you're not the person who just keep it. That's that's how I feel. But if you've got to the surgery like to know I want to marry the person you're doing the whole church ceremony the moment that is there any Cock everyone's wearing traditional clothing? Yeah. Yeah. You've done all All of that kind of stuff like I feel like it's deeper than you've gone through a sickness and so as a result, I don't rate you because everyone knows that when somebody, you know, people don't like to admit it, but I do believe and I'm not a woman so I can't speak for women, but I do believe that a lot of women do are attracted to a sort of man who isn't too dependent on anything someone who's more into independent more autonomous. Yeah. What kind of about his? Yeah. Again, I said I'm not a woman so I can't and I feel like a lot of a lot of women weren't kind of admit that because of the time that we live in I'm very happy like, you know, I'm happy to be like equal and I don't have no no like a human sense because we're all equal but you know, I'm happy to go hard with you on the bills. Don't really want that. Yeah, even even though sometimes they say that they do and I believe that sometimes when a man switches from the Roll of you know, she never remarried. Yeah. She never really said that he was that that guy before. Yeah, but I think when a man kind of switches from that role of being that guy no, I think whether or not a woman knows it and someone made a joke about I think it was like Dave Chappelle Chris Rock, but I do say the saying he was basically saying that whenever a man asked the woman to put her hands in her pocket, yes makes her just her pussy. Just get dressed. Yeah, let every single day handan. Yeah that moment I know. We're going down. It was to be to this day is still one of my funniest joke, but I think the the mitigating factor in all of this is that I didn't add a used you took the oath and you decided to marry you if you're totally not happy inside then even though I don't know you I think that you've basically stopped fancy and him because he got ill and is very testing but your resentful. Yeah, I mean and I don't really rate that person until I'd be like, you know, what says what because he's ill. Yeah because this Syria it off the back of the yeah. Let me just like take care of him. Yeah cool marriage is about this like it's not going to be it's going to be very tell ya and so I don't write you for that but I didn't have these real life. Do we want to do that if you're not happy and you've got Plant where you are. I need to get my back blown out by someone else then leave. I was just gonna say leave but now I don't stop loving him is like say for certain that the sex is over, but she's not in it. Yeah, sometimes you're in it sex is awkward anyway. As well when you have sex with someone and you already know before he's even entered you that this is going to be shit. It's going to be shit regardless, even if even if it's good actually got surprised. I don't know I've heard what so she said leave him. I think I'll be sick if he wasn't sick. I'll be like, yeah, but in your life is still gonna be happy though. That's the thing. That's what I'm temporary one. I'm not for anyone being in something but I don't think he's exactly sickness is not going to be forever. Yeah, he's gonna get better. He's getting yeah, but she's not a real one like my brother if I'm talking to you. As a man Dem, you should even get rid of her. It might be your scenario this scenario might be you give him any way to get rid of and I know you guys have got kids but it's not that like she's not she's not yeah those say like that you want someone who's ready to ride with you for the end. And I know when you're young and everyone's go for the honeymoon period everyone catches a yeah. I'm on it but realistically How are you gonna feel like you're gonna be like that with a person there's just no point. Yes. She is a married woman yourself. It's true. You know, I was gonna say like in the show was going to be like, you know, you only get one life ago. They've got to be happy bubble. But in tiny said some words and some bars and now I'm kind of like actually is true that is true. Like it's cheating. I wouldn't have thought of it from that perspective which is why I'm glad you're here because I wouldn't have thought about the till death do us part thing, which you should come. Good idea. I haven't it but I wouldn't have thought about that for this dilemma because she just sounded so unhappy. Yes, and I'm also a part of me feels like I don't think I can be a good wife to someone if I'm not happy internally and I mean, but at the same time I also don't think she's tried that hard. No, I don't think she's tried at night and he hasn't been in recovery mode very long just got into that mode now where she feels like I just don't want to be around. Yeah. Yeah, and that's why even even being in a scenario where I get to hear like the in-depth like in a work. Kin, yeah of what's going on here? Yeah, why would even say it? Is that every that's why everyone needs to live their best life here. And before take care of themselves take care of the other people around you take care of the people he loved but I'm not, you know, a lot of people don't get into a relationship and then they just get mad lazy mad Kanye Madam a lot that I found the one I don't need to do this. Yeah girls go to the gym, and I'm going to the gym always try to be Your self because the moment you start slipping. Yeah, like girls get that whole like we end of relationship. You start looking better when I think that's actually I'm a bumper. Yeah, why did I should have been but then guy so they loved us before I had time to learn come on. Come on. Yeah, don't leave him. Yeah. Just stay there. Stay there. Treaty of all, I think she should try. She should you should really try sis. But trying to help him get better babes. Yes. I'm next Lemma. Okay ideology you sir? Hi. Ladies. Thank you so much. You guys crack me up every week and we love what you all doing. So here it goes. I was exclusively seeing this Nigerian guy from one for you things were going so well in the beginning. He was very charming and such a gentleman. He made me laugh and I felt there was potential then things began to change so quickly. No, Then things began to change that quickly. I know he started acting funny and got mad when I told him I went for a drink with my friend. I think it was strange and decided that we needed to talk about his reaction. So we met up and spoke about it and he apologized but he later drops the ultimate shock and told me that he was HIV positive. Whoa, that's like a less Yes. Actually when I questioned him about have it when I questioned him about having a sexual health test, of course, I was in shock and try to get my head around it. It is affected me and it affected me at the time was I was waiting for my sexual screening to come back one week later. He told me he hasn't got it and it was one of perhaps not fucking funny. Why mad hang on I need to be there again one week later. He told me he hasn't got it and it was all a prank to test how much I liked him. Nah, there's different kinds of tests. You've been possible. Don't test me my friends. I was flabbergasted and can't believe it after all this the guy was pretending to take In client is doing research around his condition is taken to linked and looking depressed to look into pressed to prove. It was a lie. He showed me his test results as they were clear. My results came back clear. But at this point I questioned his thought process and he kept apologizing saying it was a joke Nama. I was actually confused and felt all kinds of emotions. Should I give him a chance or rather my life? So it's long much. Love my friend. What are you doing - even when it's right in this email. Well, I was just over there. About how HIV medication but it was he lying though was he just makes me do it was a sick joke. Yeah, but she's got some people do think jokester now, that's HIV. Are you yellow? But I know but he might be asking how old they are. We doing. Yes, she no relevance there that will mad that was no relevance. But I you know, that's not funny to me and we don't have the same sense of humor if you find that funny. So just on that basis alone, I would leave so if you if you're in a relationship with someone and they tell a joke or do aprender you don't find funny. You don't them if he said he had HIV that's a bit - yeah, but yeah, but I'm depressed and looking depressed and I can't know that me coming to you now Google pregnancy scam. Oh, I'm fine. If they've slept together, then I'd be thinking about myself so I don't we yeah, yeah, that's horrible to put me through now. Yeah, because now I'm worried that my life is going to end I didn't ask for it and clearly knew about this. Why do you tell me? I don't be so many things jokes aside. Just do a test of fleecing someone new. Yeah. Yeah, but then what is the wait three months for the HIV? No, no, don't let you send me a text. Yes. Well, I don't care who kills the emotion. I don't give a shit about passion to be session. Is good sometimes? Yeah, but not one kidney, isn't it? I met a guy who's a little younger than me. Only a couple of months the months ago. No, sorry. Oh. We got on really well and enjoyed each other's company when we met we ended up spending loads of time together. And then when the holidays were over it was back to business for us both he lives super close to me and we see each other when we when we can he work shift and I have a full-time job and a preteen. I think she's a big woman. Yeah. We spoke about what we wanted our relationship to be and we were both happy with it to level up from Friends with Benefits. He takes us a lot to say he misses me Etc which Friends with Benefits aren't Supposed to do but I like him. So entertaining I think you can do both. Yeah, I think you do dates. No, that's nice. Oh, yeah. Just want the Friendship problem. It's just like Jason Mills man. That's the new thing. Yeah, the benefits is the section fast-forward to this morning. And I just knew something was up. My body just felt on I started to panic thinking I've felt this way before and lo and behold I am pregnant now, obviously, I know how pregnancy works so it shouldn't be a big surprise. However, he told me he was infertile before what does miracles. You know, I can't have kids right but if it's true you have to abort it. Wouldn't we want to keep it for you for he was always a reason for a while and more about condoms. He's not ready to hear father. I'm literally dazed and confused right now. Did he think that he was genuinely infertile. Did he just like am I pregnant with baby Jesus? I what the actual fuck now I've done it before my first child where I raised her as a co-parent from the start with her dad do I do? Again, he clearly doesn't want to be involved in the child's life. Is it fair to bring this child into this world whose dad doesn't want who didn't want them from the start a dad didn't want to from the start. I know you can't tell me what to do with my own body. But any advice would be oh so fucking welcome. Thanks girls. He's a pagan for one. Maybe you disagree. Maybe he was infertile and he impregnated a girl wouldn't you? That's that's what I'm saying. And then the first thing he says is get rid of it. He's obviously can't tell him I don't believe for one second that he thinks he's in first. He spits to bareback on Apple and all this all this bareback or despair back him up. Well your moment it's not too much shit going on in the water as it has I can draw you protect your phone either protect your dick just young but then condoms are quite old school my mom and just be like babe. Give me give me a second. Just slide it on and I don't know this is I can't tell you what to do. Yeah, I've always had to struggle this whole like would I bring a child into this world knowing that the father had nothing wanted nothing to do with it? Because I feel like yeah, how do you guys feel I feel like I would do it but not expect anything from him. I can't expect anything points on. How old are you talking about? I got pregnant now and the guy didn't want it calling it and I was still have my uh, yeah, I'm 30. I'm too. I'm too old to be aborted. Mmm. That is in a situation. I mean, I'm fine. I'm working. I'm yeah, okay sort of thing. But if I was younger and I was pregnant the guy said he didn't want it or if I was in the situation I'm in I'd probably get rid of it. Yeah, because I don't want to do it if I was on a before that I wasn't able to do it alone. Mmm. I wouldn't want to be in that situation to do alone. Yes, and also, you know, I'm probably said to you guys, I think it's important to pick the right father for your kids. I feel like we're going to Complain about what this men. Mmm, when you knew what you were signing off you follow up for though because no matter how like ready you think you are in your situation. You're going to want that person to be part of your child's life because it's not it's not even for you. It's for that child like Rah. I want my daughter to have that male figure. My son's have that male figure to guide him through life. So it's a lot to think about if you are going to let you know I think and again I can't Speak for no woman. Nobody did do whatever you want. But like you are The Company You Keep here and my mom always said, you know tell me who your friends are tell you. Yeah, so my fingers chicks muffins are Holzman. Yeah before at least I'm going to like she's gonna take a certain criteria so that If it does go to that plan at least yeah, I can live with it. Yeah, why not just don't know why people think like that and if you still just want to be scary and have fun and do whatever it doesn't really matter who or whatever then just use protection. Yeah until you meet someone who you feel like I feel that people always forget that like all it is have a baby six. It's not something that you call this not like it's literally could be 10 seconds. I could be a whole hour beat whatever it is. And that's all it is. Like it's not some magical chemical nothing. That happens. It's literally just sex a lot of people forget then get Reckless that I would just haven't found anything consequences come from. Yeah having fun writing quote if that's your fun depending on situation. I'm in if I feel like I could handle another child and I'll be okay. I'll do it. If I felt like I couldn't I wouldn't have it and not because he's told me to but I'm considering how my life would change. Yeah, and how high was that because the burden not burden but the responsibilities under the only guys already told you doesn't he's not interested yet another always full of the future when it comes to things that I always just think I Things like a year from now. I think that what happens when the child is like 10. Yeah, it's awesome questions. Yeah, I'd lioness on. Yeah. I just think people need to be a bit more prudent and just think a little bit we need to be more careful. Not sure how do you you prepared to answer those questions? That's heartbreaking when your child comes to you at 10:00 11:00 and they're like Mom, where's my dad and you can't give them a straight answer that do you have the mental capacity to be able to give those answers because that's a lot to deal with because that's guilt you know, I mean and I feel that sometimes the kids can turn around and be like, where's my dad but why did you drive them away blah blah blah. Are you prepared for all of that stuff? So you're the only person I can answer those and you know, you're literally the only person to the answers and sometimes like I'm very big on family. Like I'm quite lucky my parents are still together and stuff like that and you know, not that many people I know have parents are still together. Yeah, a few people that I'm really close to their parents are still together and I believe that having a connected families to where the reason why I am today. The reason why I am the way I am today and one day I was on the plane. I was flying Tower before and I met these From the Army and the gas to see me. I found it just been like discharge recently or something some like I'm talking to them for the whole flight basically and then one of them goes off got a kid now and then they show me like a picture of the child. This is like a couple years ago. So I'm not odd likes cute baby. Like how's the mom what happened? And he goes Army is such a fucked-up story. I literally came out of the army the next day. We all went out to celebrate. Yeah being this. I think they even call it passed out at once you've been discharged. Of stuff. Yeah, and I just met a girl in a club. I shagged her in her car and then she's she's got pregnant and she kept the baby and now it's my and like again like do what you want to do live your life how you want to live your life. But all I was thinking while he was saying that is that that what happens in a long-term like don't know this person. So is that are you guys going to like each other ya know are you going to be together what happens with she has another partner what happens when you have another partner General generational curses, Bob? Yeah exactly what happens if they play some family might notice fun fighting men will be like now never wife. I never I said, but she's housing your kid. So what now? Yeah might as well but she's got nothing. I guess we're all in this club in this room or working class like Rational kind of parents who were immigrants and whatnot and the staff but we all know that the more stable your household the better it is for your your child yam. Is there anyone in this room who even has a child or anyone that's listening. I would always say just if you want to give your child the best quality of life. Try your best to make sure in the first place or having a child with someone who you know, whether you want to call it marriage or relationship or situation shape or co-parenting make sure you do with someone who You can see the long term of your relationship whether you're like I said, even that married or not, but you know, you guys will like one of my old old G's always said to me, you know that you can be with someone when you've seen them in their best light and in their very worst, like when you when you know what they're capable of at the very worst, even if that puts a knife to you. Yeah, and if you're comp once you're comfortable with their Bellwether worst, then that's when you're like, okay this person is a good choice for me to kind of take that Next stage and life with and I think you know when before you have kids and stuff. I have a daughter now that before you have kids you're living life more kind of like recklessly more selfishly. But now even when I look at my door, I'm just like wow, like imagine if like for whatever reason you are in a situation where you couldn't see me that much you couldn't see ya. That's not what that would do to you yummy and I think before that people just need to be a bit. I don't want to sound like that righteous person. Not that many. It was just need to just try and be more responsive and I think we've seen it too many times to repeat the same things. Yeah, like a lot of us are born like I'm from single-parent background and that's the no fault of my mother. She was married to the man but he still chose what business above everything else. We've seen it happen. I don't want that for my kids. It means I'm glad to be with for the rest of my life. If it does end up being to give a call. But yeah your Central Point sake. Yeah, huh? Yeah. Well, if you don't know what killed your father the same thing will happen to you. Yes, she got means just because something is happened to Jenna. Duration before like it doesn't mean that history has to repeat. Yeah, cause you can be like, I want something different and trust me. I'm not saying that you're better off if you have two parents because I think that there's so many single parents that I know who are phenomenal and raise their kid better than they probably would have if the father or the Mother wasn't there. Yeah. Yeah, but at the same time I think you know in our society, you know, and when we look at the youth, you know, the ones that are 15 or 16, whether they're from single-parent backgrounds or not. Like there's a lot of Madness this guy. Yeah, so you just want to make sure that when you're bringing a kid into the world you can be responsible for giving that kid the best out of life to got meaning if you don't think you kind of just don't do it man. Yeah, just wait step up a way I get to ask you one last one. I'm loving this. Yes. Okay. Hi guys, as everyone says, I'll try to keep this short and be to the point. I love my boyfriend very much. He's My best friends things are serious, and he constantly tells me he will marry me one day. I am 20. He's 23 you fool. You both will use everything in our relationship is great. Jim my relationship. I came out as bisexual to my friends never my family not like it's their business. Everyone is accepting problem is I've never had sex with a woman and I feel like I've missed out big part of exploring myself, I think about it a lot. I'm only 29 of my boyfriend and I want to lose him and certainly don't want to cheat as I value our relationship. I thought about the person that idea of a threesome, but imagine I have to sit down and watch as my boyfriend puts his dick and someone else I could do that but you want to yet. I wouldn't mind this idea was setting boundaries, not me and he would he would just sit and watch my question is how do I talk to my boyfriend about what my question is? How do I talk to my boyfriend about this? He's very understanding by can see him getting jealous doing it. I don't want to cheat and I don't want to leave him. How do I recommend? I want to see if the girl had my talk to my boyfriend about this. It just says so the attack was I love my boyfriend, but I want to fuck ago. I get it. How would you want to be told? Yes, I mean, I'm not in that situation. But our was hypothetically in that situation. She doesn't want to cheat but she does want to cheat because she wants to have sex with a girl. Yeah. So by her having sex with a girl she's watching her, please. Yeah. Is it okay if I do this? It was me. Yeah, hypothetically and it's north. Yeah, but if it was yeah, it was cool how jackets approach I would be like, okay, let me be involved. That's the first thing to be honest. You've answered it for me when I know what if you're if you're gonna do it and you understanding of your situation, I respect her sexuality. If you're going to be doing that, like I want to be totally involved with you and yeah, and I want to share every experience. I love you so much while you were going through that experience that I wasn't totally fully appalled. So I'd have to be I mean if you want to do that. Yeah, like if you don't let's keep everything the way it is. What if you want to go there, right? Best wingman is so annoying because it feels like just because I want to have sex with a girl and now I have to sacrifice you. Yeah, basically but there's no other way if she doesn't want to cheat or she doesn't want to I'll just swallow it and just let it happen. I don't want to see what you mean that you're telling that it's happening or you do a threesome now do a threesome because the thing is I feel like there's a double standard exactly because there's a double standard because it's another girl Jan I mean so it's like it's still another person. It's still cheating if yeah. Thing though because it's like would you you wouldn't have the balls to say that about another man that you wanted to have sex with me just wanting the thought won't even cross your mind what to say to you both. And I found another manager exactly. I want to sleep with him. Yeah, you're constantly man. It doesn't she said that she hasn't explored that completely. So I think it's more of like the fancy of like just trying it out so that make her bisexual. She's bisexual. Yeah. You haven't then I think it's mad that she realized she was bisexual washers with the guy. Why not she can maybe she's not seeing and be like, yeah, I think maybe take a break and explore exactly your team take a break as well. Take a break and explore it and if he's a real one on your meant to be you'll still be there when you come by but in saying that if he's a real one and you get back with him in his mind, he knows that you're inclined to also sleep with women. Yeah, so that's always going to be like the white elephant in the room. I don't I don't don't know where even after you've had a break and you've explored it. You're still always going to be by so no need to know I've explored it. Yeah, I know but you're still you're still going to be bisexual Jugo me. Yeah, but then that doesn't mean anything because it's the still like I saw like, I still want to be an issue with you right now. It just means that if I want to if a man, all right cool, let's reverse the roles. And again, I've not ever met anyone. Yeah. It's um, but if just being hypothetical, yeah, if a man said that to you, yeah, this is interesting you brought this up because I literally asked my Smarter than me and the arc where I'm like, is there homophobic for me to say I don't want to be with a guy like bisexual answer questions. Like I don't know if it is because of like, I'm not homophobic. I'm really not something like to feel like I don't is that the never like to be fair is it is depleted because my theory is that he's going to leave me for a man and man can still even for a woman. Why not favoring a straight man. Yeah. Mmm, he ultimately can still leave me for a woman with the fact that my fear is that he's not leaving for man or my issue with it is the kids is because of another My man, so it is deeply that it's also a relationship with the same sex. You do immediately like reduce their masculine. Yay. Off is not what condition didn't yeah, usually for usually for a man again, like just from what I know. I think when a woman says it it kind of increases hearse and that is yes, and that is the point that maybe the other way around I've always been allowed to be more fluid of their section and men have been allowed to have more numbers. Yeah, that's so you can be as many people as you want another fire and but we've always wanted to be more fluid. Yeah, like if like if I came to you now, but yeah, I've been listening with girls. I like sleeping with men. Many many tens are so good. It's really nice. Just because my skills. Why do you think that is what we all know? Why do you think most girls that you know have lips go. Do you know what? Yeah, like what? What is it? Is it did you see it somewhere. Would you feel it inside and I didn't feel it was like so you appear put under pay person was just so so you were just following your fun of your dress. Angel in the ground. So if one of them don't know if not more often than not we doing it because you wanted to impress the boys. I just enjoyed it. Yeah, like I'm yeah, I know I'm no so what do you say so so what's the conclusion and why do most girls that you know, or that you guys know? My straight guy? I know that would do when he kissed another girl. Thank you, sir. What's the boys? Yeah, my Straight girls that know that were doing it was he kind of be like the same way like when you go clubbing and girls are like dancing on it. Yeah. It was a kind of thing for mail within sure you want to give the impression that you're a freak. Yeah. My one was wasn't to impress the guys is because I felt more comfortable with girls. Hmm. Yeah. - it's different. Yeah, you have that desire. Yeah, I did it was because that guy was then he would you want to see something and that actually that was it that's not true. And that was when you're at that age, but everything you're doing for us for male with approval and since you know everything that's when everyone was a pick me. Yeah, basically, yeah. Well that was a nice thing you've done for female attention. What's the matter thing? I've done. Geez Louise become a successful rapper. Female attention. What's my semantics thing? You've done? Also? I'm a pretty romantic guy. Yeah, I do like the rose petals were flies cheese buy something nice. He clean up the waste fellows after guess. I wanted a lasting bike pedals. You know, what flying out boy? Yeah. What is romantic to you guys? Let me see what On a scale of 1 if money is not it's still an effort. Yeah operation and like so then in that case I would say like rose petals because it requires thought and planning and you know a little surprise walking in somewhere. Yeah, if it's about Thorn stuff I'd say that yeah. Oh she likes nice things. I do. I like gifts. No, I mean I like gifts but I think what I'd like to give gifts so I mean, I don't know why I did that but okay. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. That's for me. Yeah, like a couple. No, that's right. Yeah, I love bracelet. Yeah, that's cute. Once I press for me. Yeah. Yeah. It's like it's not just what's meant to be romantic. Yay. I know you like this thing. So I will sing for you saw think like she I know you like pasta who is a space that does the best pasta in the world. I'm going to take you then show me you've lesson homemade. Yeah. Where we see you next didn't have to go. I think we have to go. Oh, so you guys are all right. That's me little jab at you for being late. Did you catch it on the podcast? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah episode and then they're gonna treat you for being here. Love to come here can be contacted when you guys could yes come then drinks and then the next is that. He's so much. Thank you know I was so fun. And thanks for having me a couple of have a platform that side effect became I know I've known Carly for one or even from before because I know I saw you guys doing the pretty little thing and yeah, you guys were talking about what he was doing beforehand. Yeah. So all of everything told he was doing before and I've met have from there. She's an amazing woman. I'm hoping for you gone you guys. Yeah, yeah, we bring the Stars up in the celebration glass out. Okay sound pompous. That's all he was kind. Did you invite you out there? He's like yeah, that's my face. That was phenomenal. You know it yet, you know, you have to do the round of applause. Thank you for that. Thank you. You probably know this but like I died pasta that you can't say UK music effect. Same time. Oh, absolutely. Yeah and even to say no because you're here. I just think I'll be insane fun to say and I think it would be like not doing you justice. Thank you. Well, then I can sleep at night. I'd I definitely feel like I could sleep at night knowing that if you're not taking a medic. No, I'm not taking that from my heart because when I first set out that was always my intention remember before all this rap stuff, obviously now, there's so many rappers. Yeah. Not doing well and then the charts and everyone's taking Jets and stuff, but it was a time. I'm sure you guys remember we're like UK music was nothing to do for ya. I told ya so I think the fact that you can put my name there in the Holy Ghost. Yeah of UK music it's written in the stars my hair. This is my little brother music scene. Yeah, my sister's of always been my support with Bruno email. Yeah. Let's pick up cows. Thank you guys. It's been your girl Totally T. OG 4 Min and is gone as finance and your mama said Thumbelina Sanchez. Tiny was gonna go we welcome you like it. Yes, you guys - it did for my mix tape on my album. That would be so sick that We suffer 6,000 against attract the day when you guys come to you then you guys can record it.