Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia.Andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that we're going to dive into a little background on Andrew before we get started.Andrew is a senior 3D artist at jba in Pasadena. His credits include various big-time houses including Disney Fox CBS Adult Swim DreamWorks. And doomsday. He's worked on music videos for Selena Gomez Rita Ora do a Lipa and many many others. He's done environment work on shows like last man on Earth Modern Family Dream Corps LLC on adults.Him where he want nominated for an award right Andrew. Yeah. Yeah, and he's also done VR work on a little film called into the spider-verse. So his resume is probably one of the most impressive resumes that we're going to have on the show at the beginning stages of this and we're super excited to have his Insight on a category that is right in his wheelhouse. So Andrew, thanks for coming on the problem. Yeah. Are you excited to talk about this stuff? I mean, it's the only thing I think I know really how to talk. Talked about when we were talking about ideas. We decided on Pixar right Pixar Animation Studio. Why do you want to talk about Pixar? I think Pixar is the Pinnacle of Animation at least for the past 20 years. They've been I think they're kind of losing that top spot. But I mean, they'll always be Pixar. Yeah, what were they like really important in your childhood and everything? I think there are important too. Everyone born in the 90s like I mean, you can't name a single person. That didn't watch Toy Story as a child. Yeah. Do you think that they had a big impact on the career that you decided to go? Definitely. I remember seeing Toy Story for the first time and asking my mom like, how did they do this? Like is it plastic? I thought it was plastic and I thought it was plastic for years until learning. Maybe I was 12 and I realized oh, this is a computer not plastic. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, so we're going to I'm going to tell you a little bit of background on Pixar. If you guys don't know the studio Pixar Animation Studio began in 1979 as a part of lucasfilm, which was George Lucas's production house by 1986 though Apple Steve Jobs became the majority stockholder. Of Pixar and by 2006 it had become the biggest competitor to Disney and Disney acquisition them for seven point four billion dollars making them Disney's largest animated film division. They have produced over 22 animated feature films starting with the iconic groundbreaking Toy Story in 1995 all the way till the movie onward, which is premiering this Friday. I believe starring Chris Pratt. And what's his name? Spider-Man Tom Hall Tom Holland. Yeah, so that's premiering on Friday. So 22 feature films over a 25-year period it is the Pinnacle of Animation nowadays every film that they have released carries a cinemascore of bare minimum and a - their features have earned over 14 billion dollars at the box office. They've earned 20 Academy Awards. 11 Grammy Awards to best picture nominations for the film's up and Toy Story 3, which is amazing to know that two films in about a 10-year span received best picture nominations where beforehand only one animated film had ever received a best picture nomination. Do you know which film that was Andrew crap? Was it Beauty and the Beast it was Beauty and the Beast Beauty and the Beast was the only other animated film which was done by Disney to receive a best picture. Combination so they are rocking and rolling in the animated film world. And what we're going to do on this show me and Andrew kind of devised. How can we talk about an animated Studio? We are going to talk about our 10 favorite Pixar films. We're also going to talk about our favorite villains our favorite quotes from Pixar movies and then our favorite characters. So we're super excited to kind of dive in and just talk about the world of Pixar and animation. That was really important. And in both of our childhoods gritty much. Yeah, so anything else you want to say before we dive in? Oh, oh, yeah talk about you said you wanted to talk about little bit about the background of so are a little bit more like about Pixar like the history of Pixar is I think when everyone thinks of Pixar at least from I think the art standpoint or if you watch animated movies, you might know of the name of John Lasseter or Ed catmull, but the guy who I think is really responsible for Filmmaking in today's age is Steve Jobs, like most people when they think of Steve Jobs they think of Apple. However, he made he became a billionaire because of Pixar and not a lot of people know that like, I think in total healing made probably 10 or 15 million dollars from the company Apple, he made all his money from the company. He started after Apple NeXT computers where I think he made like, 400 million dollars, but then he went on and you know bought Pixar from George Lucas and that was of course tanking because at the time I think it was 89 they were selling computer parts. That's what they were doing. They were making x-ray machines for medical offices and charging like $100,000 for them. Wow, and I think at that point Steve Jobs had sank in ten million dollars and you know, they were draining the company and then They met up with Disney and Disney was like hey, can you make some things for us and they started freelancing and then I think Steve Jobs put another 50 million dollars. And then that's when they were like, let's do Toy Story and that just blew up and the day I think a week after Toy Story came out. They were the number one movie in America Steve Jobs decided to go public and he made that's how he became an overnight billionaire, which is crazy and he is Be responsible for I think trusting John Lasseter and at cat moles to create 3D and what it is today. Yeah, like how it's used in every single movie ever. I've made an entire career off of 3D and I'm doing it while I have an iPhone in my pocket. So it's kind of crazy that like Steve Jobs is someone who I should say the huge influence on me. I kind of but he's literally a part of me and that's crazy to think that most people don't realize that Steve Jobs. I think what he did in Corporate America the most successful was Pixar. Yeah, most people just think of him as the CEO of Apple or guy who you know helped create their phone or their iPad and stuff not knowing that he was integral in the way that we make movies. Yeah, it also a lot of Pixar employees. Who were Steve Jobs when they acquired when he acquired when he returned back to Apple was when he became a success and it was after Pixar had become a billion-dollar IPO and they say it was he had to get fired from Apple to relearn how to manage a company and it was with Pixar that he learned how to trust other employees especially with like John Lasseter Ed catmull to just be like let them do their thing because apparently why he got fired was because he would never you know, he had to control every single aspect was Very Hands-On and so when he, you know, created a Pixar and you know, they were so well off he became the Apple CEO again, and that's when he started trusting designers like Johnny IV, and you know, the rest is history essentially and another awesome thing. I learned while researching the company to and watching a recent documentary about one of my favorite movies Jurassic Park was that it was actually Pixar because George Lucas was Steven Spielberg's friend. Yeah, and Pixar was the one before it. Really Pixar was the one doing a lot of the effects for the dinosaur called the cap system and it was a very I mean for the time it was very Advanced but I mean it was it was literally probably what changed the way we make movies nowadays. Yeah, even when you watch Jurassic Park, which was made in 1993. It's still stands up. Yeah, it's amazing effects and and it's now only gotten better and better honestly, sometimes they go too far and it looks either tutorial or Too Fake. But yeah, but I mean amazing that like we said with last with Lassiter and with Steve Jobs in the impact they had on the company cool. So that's that's awesome to hear Andrews inside on it. Somebody that's worked for an intern and works in the industry. So let's dive in now on our category. So we're going to do our top 10 favorite Pixar films total bias one from an expert and Andrew and one from me being the complete non-expert. I wouldn't say my pics hold any weight. They're definitely bias. Wow, well, mine are definitely going to be biased let's start with the first we'll go 10 9 and 8 you want to go first you want me to I'll go I'll go I'll go first. Okay, and you'll go first with number ten number ten. I have up up up. I love up and I'm surprised I put it at number 10. I thought it would be higher. But yeah, I have it at 10 for me premiered in 2009 directed by the famous Pete docter who is now taking over as president of Pixar. All right. Yeah him and darl Anderson. Why why what do you love about because UPS on my list but you put her me, I think the why the reason why I love up is that five minutes sequence everyone remembers? Yeah, that's what everyone remembers and the rest of the movie. I liked it. But you know, I didn't think about it five minutes sequence. I was just like wow, they could have just made a short film. Yeah, and don't get me wrong. It's an amazing movie. But if they didn't have that five minute sequence, I think it would the movie would not be you wouldn't have bought in and yeah invested into the characters as much if you didn't learn about mr. Frederickson's background and everything like I love Russell, he was a great character, but I just think the whole thing with what's the villain? Oh the other old man. Yeah the Rival old. Yeah, and then the whole dog thing just wasn't for me. Yeah, but I mean, I remember seeing that I was in College at the time and it just blew me away. Just the way they handled it the whole production. Everything was just astounding and of course Pixar's the only Studio where I go and watch a movie in theaters, and I'm like, there's no way visually that they can top this I remember seeing that about what was the one that came before Toy Story 4 Incredibles 2 cocoa and incredible cells like those were amazingly, you know visual just the techniques they use were just phenomenal. And then I saw Toy Story 4 and it makes cocoa and Incredibles to look like a dog pile of shit. Well sure 3D artist you understand what I mean? Because the things they do with the lenses and the light and how they're animating focal length. It's just crazy when they do and but do you think up had a lot of that too in it? Oh, I think up was one of those game changing move, especially what they did was they stopped using matte paintings Day created the whole world. And everything will the simulation which was, you know, gave it depth and I think these are things some of the audience does noticed. But I mean as an animator, I truly appreciate what up. Did yeah and mind you up being one of the most successful animated films of all time as we said before it's one of only three films have been nominated for Best Picture animated and it was also nominated for five Academy Awards winning for best animated feature and best song. I think the song is the thing that we all remember from it everyone played on the piano. I was a everybody knows that song when they hear it doo doo doo doo. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And what is your top cupboard? So my number 10 is another iconic Pixar film and it's one that I saw late later in the game. I didn't watch it when it first came out and you're probably going to hate on me for having it this low, but it's one that I thought at least the first half of the movie was absolutely amazing Wally. Okay. I have Wally on the list because it's not Only one of my favorite like stories and everything but just I'm such in awe of the fact when movies don't have to do too much and can still hold you captive as an audience member and the fact that the beginning of Wally no one is speaking for yeah, the movie was a really long time and I still was just enthralled with this little robot flying around and doing all the things that did while he was directed by Andrew Stanton at 95% went on everything that you're going to hear on this list has above a 90 percent pretty much on Rotten Tomatoes and it had six Oscar nominations while he was actually a believing study most are most nominated film. Yeah because of the fact like I just said like the ambition to just go in and be like, we don't need to really have dialogue to tell a story. Yeah, I think Wally was the first one in that like where Pixar was really pushing I think. Their innovative ideas and storytelling like how they are with like inside out and a couple of their other shorts. I think Wally and you know, it kind of Falls in that category of like it's something I don't think you can ever replicate. Its I think truly an original story and but yeah surprisingly it's not on my top 10 I thought about making it on my top ten, but I just wanted more dialogue. I remember sitting there for like 30 minutes and I was like Okay, I get it. It's beautiful. Maybe it was just too slow for me at the beginning. Yeah, but I think the story like, you know is one that will live on for a while especially in today's day and age with the you know, the environmental movement and everything like that. Like oh, yeah undertones that are being told in the story about Earth-like and being destroyed strange you the only thing I think about when I think of Walley it's a technical thing, of course from an animator standpoint and it's that Everyone who has seen Wally the amount of trash that's in the movie that these animators had to create. Almost none of that trash is 3D modeled, which is mind boggling to animator because all they did was create displacement Maps very Advanced displacement maps and that's essentially it's a black and white grid that someone makes in Photoshop and they create you know, these black-and-white depending on how dark these lines are how light the lines are that's a certain height that the computer will see okay and depending on how its drawn you. Replicate a bunch of different things and the fact that Pixar was able to replicate what looked like millions of pounds of trash with zero use of polygons or very adequate use is crazy. And that was the thing that I remember going to see because I wanted to see how they did it and to this day. I still don't release it's crazy how they did that. And that's sadly one of those things. I remember about Wally besides the 30 minutes of no dialogue for all of you. Don't worry. If you think Andrew speaking a different language, this is the language of Animation ya thank ya. Like what a lot of you don't know about animators is that when we do go to art school, we get a degree in animation. It's not an art technically like I have a Bachelors of Science because half the time it's us trying to communicate with the computer what we wanted to do and on the off chance we do get it to do what we do. It's it's a win nice. So that was our 10. Give me your 9 & 8 welcome 1988 The Incredibles, okay, and then eight which is on the TV we have in the background Coco. Nice Leon Kirk's. Yeah Coco and The Incredibles by Brad Bird. One of my favorite directors. Both films Incredibles nominee by four Oscars cocoa nominated for two one both of its to incredible films totally different in their storytelling. Cocoa Jesus. Has that made me cry. I watch it at my grandma's house. I wasn't ready for it my 9 and 8 a little different but I'm I don't know if you'll have these organization might you probably do here comes the first appearance of Toy Story. It's Toy Story 2 by John Lasseter is that night? I couldn't and Toy Story 2 is a hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes and only one Oscar nomination as it was before they gave out the best animated feature those started in 2001. I believe toys. Do again I probably could have put all three toy stores the top of my list, but I thought that would be cheating. So I had to like stagger some of that franchise. So Toy Story 2 coming in at 9:00 for me amazing. I thought you know of the Toy Story's it's not necessarily my favorite. I don't know why I really like the introduction of Jesse and Bullseye, but I feel like one in three impacted me a little bit more. Yeah, what if three? Yeah to to had the Sarah McLachlan moment. That's all he remembered from Toy Story. Me too. It's when Jesse gets a bad didn't you just got yeah, that part is so sad. And then so then so Toy Story 2 and the number eight for me was Finding Nemo Frank. I didn't realize how much I actually like that movie without actually going back and looking at some of the moments. I love Finding Nemo. Yeah Finding Nemo is amazing Finding Nemo done by Andrew Stanton 99 percent on Rotten Tomatoes four Oscar nominations, and you know, I love it's will go into more. Characters but I thought it had such great characters and just the story was a real life. Yeah, and it was beautiful. I remember seeing it in theaters and just it was absolutely mesmerizing like when the light came through the comes through the ocean and it's animating. I was just wow, I didn't think animated movies could be like that and I have Finding Nemo a lot higher. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So those are our 1098. I had Wally Toy Story 2 and Finding Nemo Andrew had The Incredibles and cocoa cool. We're gonna now take a break from the list and we're going to talk about our favorite Pixar villains. There's a lot of great villains in the Pixar movies. And again, this is kind of like a you can say villain as in they were the bad guy or as mean and we're talking about it could just be somebody that you either didn't like or if they are availing. Maybe you did like them and everything. So there's some leeway with this category here are some candidates I wrote down and you Add some if you think there's more Syndrome from Incredibles the toxic Fanboy who turns into a super villain Lotso Huggin bear from Toy Story 3 who tortures Andy's toys a good one Sid. You can technically I guess call Sid a villain for being the first, you know, I don't know if it scared me. Yeah, he did scare me in the first Toy Story with what he did to the toys. I also included will just real. Off the other Toy Story villains Al from Al's Toy Barn, even though I don't necessarily consider him a villain because from his perspective. He just found some toys. Yes sell them. But it from the perspective of the toys you think of him as a villain. Yeah. He's a he's stealing toys that don't belong to him. Huh. And then I also included Stinky Pete which I feel bad for Stinky Pete when you find his background of what happened to him, but he does not want to let Bullseye and Jessie go. So he was a good one and then non Toy Story ones. Included Randall from monsters a name as him, you know trying to capture Boo and Chase Mike and Sulley all over his only try to become the best. Yeah, exactly. So he has ambition and everything. I feel like the the bigger villain in that movie is Henry J waternoose the CEO of Monsters Inc. Who's like super corrupt and saying if he has to what torture and kill thousands of children's like Jesus like yeah, he's an awful villain and then in another one I include on this. It was Ernesto De La Cruz from cocoa. Yeah, literally it got pretty dark with his character good Lord a plagiarize ER and a murderer. Yeah. Oh my God. Am I leaving off any villains that you can think of one of my favorite villains is Hopper from Bug's Life. Okay. I almost put Hopper on the list, but I just think the way the animated him and his demeanor and Kevin Spacey's performance definitely scared me as a child. Like he was definitely frightening to me. I agree was frightening and I think the reason I didn't keep him on the list was because I was like, well, it's just, you know, the circle of life and my own the grasshopper really just going up to the end. So I remember that scene watching the kid where Hopper has his foot on flicks head and I was like, oh no, yeah and a lot of people might not think this person is a villain but to She's a villain and yes, she's like four years old and it's Bonnie from Toy Story. You think Bonnie Bonnie is a terrible person for what she puts Woody through I feel for Woody and she is a villain in my eyes. Bonnie is the little girl in Toy Story 3 & 4 & 4. Yeah, and she's a villain because of how she treats Woody because why she builds for key or why that and ago she just left him in the closet and Toy Story 4. For and I just don't I don't like you're not digging. I live for your body Cheryl. I can't wait for Toy Story 5 where toy store where Woody and the Gang come and kidnap all of her toys and they bring them back to Andy and then they recolor their shoes that put Andy that's what's gonna happen. Let's call Pete docter right now in Pitch that to him was I hope that's the IDM them on Twitter. He knows about our perfect. Okay. So what's your what is your favorite villain of? Oh, definitely, it's Hopper. Upper Hoppers my favorite building I think for me now. It's weird for favorite if I'm saying favorite as in like, I love it when they're on screen. probably I like lots of hugging bear because I thought he was like, you know maniacal and could be like, you know, so sweet and then evil and he smells like strawberries. Yeah, but who I think is the actual biggest villain in Pixar. It has to be Ernesto De La Cruz. He murdered. Yeah. Yeah, he murdered someone and / and stole someone's identity. He has to be the worst human being that has ever been created in a Pixar movie. I would say so yeah, definitely no other Pixar. Has murdered anyone know unless you're talking about did Hopper murder anyone maybe an aunt but probably he probably he probably did some murdering. But so yeah, so he goes with Andrew goes with Harbor. I'm gonna go with Ernesto De La Cruz. So I think it's an awful person while we're on the subject of villains before we jump back into the list. Well actually will do this when we get into the middle. Let's go back to the list seven six and five start me with seven for you Toy Story 3 Toy Story 3 the tearjerker Toy Story 3 by Leon Kirk five Oscar nominations and the second Pixar film to be nominated for Best Picture. Yes. Yeah. Why is Toy Story 3 stick out to you to give you on your list? So in 2033 came out, I was in art school. I was in and out of nation program. I think my second or third year. So I will still learning a lot about how animated films were made and you know, the fact that Pixar was making a Toy Story 3 especially for someone our age where we grew up watching Toy Story one Toy Story 2 and we thought it was done, you know, and then they announced Toy Story 3 and it was like, whoa, and then I remember seeing the trailer and it's Andy going off to college and I was like, whoa, you know because I was in college. So in a way the Toy Story Saga or what do you want to whatever you want to call it? It's very close to my heart in the fact that I saw Toy Story as a kid and it was one of the movies that made me want to be an animator and then Toy Story 2 it was you know, I was an adolescent I went and saw it. I loved it and then Toy Story 3, I was actually in animation school. So I was like, you know, this might actually happen if I stick with it and then you No last year Toy Story 4 came out and I went inside and I'm writing of the movie, you know, I was just because now that I'm an animator. I've been credited working on these animated movies. It feels like I grew up with those movies and ever since I was five, you know wanted to be an animator and here we are now. It kind of was you know everything and I thought Toy Story 3 was going to be the last one. Yeah, so there was just a lot of emotion not to mention the parallels that your name is Andrew and his yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've always wanted to get a tattoo that says Andy on the bottom of my foot because it would make sense. Yeah, like I love Toy Story 3 or Toy Story. I'm an animator and my name is Andrew. Hmm. So oh, yeah, I can totally do it. It was the Toy Story movies and then the Harry Potter films were the ones where I think Like I was aging with the characters because they release kind of around the same age group is me. So that's why I became super attached to those franchise. That's why I'm hoping towards 35 comes out, you know a couple of years from now and Andy has kids and you know, a lot of us are having kids now and Woody Through the Grapevine. Here's that Andy has a kid and he's going to need them back and you know, Bonnie's going to grow up and get out of the series and rates for Bonnie. And they're going to go back and it's going to be Woody and the Gang again and it'll go full circle. That's what I want to happen. We can only help so my number seven is one that you already listed cars John Lasseter to Oscar nominations. It's actually the lowest ranked on Rotten Tomatoes. It's only a 75. It's one of the only ones that is ranked below and I love cars. I have a special spot for cars because my youngest brother Tyler when he was younger tars cars came out and I swear we watched that movie a hundred times. As it was I watched it every day had it on. I got sick of Rascal Flatts by the end of it. But I love that Life Is A Highway song? I got it. Yeah, it was a highway so many times but I just loved it's funny too because I didn't really like Lightning McQueen so much because you like why is this guy running away from everything but I loved the the town was the town called radiator straighter Springs and I loved all those characters that were in that town and everything. So it was a great movie and then I loved racing movies and stuff. What's your 6 and 5? Monsters Inc and cars I have cars in my top five. I love cars cars is so good cars is great cars too awful. Okay, I think it's the worst picture move they have that's for a different category. So you have seven was Toy Story 3 monsters. E6 is Monsters Inc. Foreign cars Monsters Inc. Done by Pete docter in 1996 for Oscar Noms. It was the third third Fork no forth because it goes Toy Story Bug's Life Toy Story 2 months. You think and Monsters Inc was actually the first Pixar film nominated for best animated feature because the category had just been created because it didn't exist before when Toy Story was made cool. So my six and five so I go cars Coco Lee on Kirk and then up a little talk about it for me because like we talked about earlier that song they can just bring me to tears just that song and I Always thought of my grandfather when thinking of mr. Fredricksen and I always just related to that relationship between I can do of them and cocoa I loved I didn't think I would love cocoa as much. In fact, I was again late to the cocoa game and I kept getting bugged by a bunch of my friends go see Coco co coco and I watch it when at my grandma's visiting her and of course, I'm just a another emotional wreck when she's singing to grow. I think Coco might have my favorite Pixar soundtrack. Oh, yeah, like I'll just Some fat a whole soundtrack in Spanish at work not understand a single word. But I love it. Yeah, I put I kind of funny the two most emotional well of the emotional cocoa and up for me are together in my rankings. Okay. So recap mine was cars at seven cocoa at six and up at 5:00 cool. So that's half of our list now. We're going to stop before we go into the top four. We have the top four remaining before we do that. We're going to talk about our favorite. Pixar quote favorite Pixar quote there are so many other ones. There's so many good ones. I wrote a couple of them down. He touched the butt by now in Nemo. Yeah touch the boat. I can I can picture the scene touch the but I love that line. Here's another great one from up Adventure is out there. That's an iconic line. Here's one of my favorites from The Incredibles and one of my favorite characters Edna. I never look back darling. It distracts from the Our Edna is I think one of the greatest Pixar characters ever so good. She's the best part of that ride. They added that new ride at Disneyland. Yeah. Yeah. I love her like and the really cool thing about Edna is that most of these pics are directors like Brad Bird Andrew Stanton Pete docter. They all went to school together over at calarts. Yeah, and one of their teachers is based off of Edna. She was there like costume design teacher and how to draw costumes she is Based off of that teacher that they all had and that's awesome. Yeah, so she's a real person cool. Another one. I have put that thing back where it came from or so help me from Mike and Sulley their faith that they're putting on. Okay. Now we're going to get into some really good ones Ratatouille, not everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere. Very true. It's such a great line in Ratatouille here. And here comes the big ones Woody. You are a toy. Yeah, right. Everyone knows that talking about toy a child's plaything another great one just keep swimming that is very iconic. So I go and I mean, I'd still I feel like that's probably the most said in today's we at any time you have something bad going on in your life or anything. Nothing. You just really cool. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep going right. It's a great line. Here are an in my last two Buzz Lightyear. This isn't flying. This is falling with style. Right? I think that was probably one of the I think as a child you have like those little cinematic moments from movies that you remember. Mmm. And I think with the course, you know, Jurassic Park the T-Rex coming out of the forest. This is also one of those scenes your buzzes, you know. Falling through the air with style. Yeah that may fly actually to the car which is amazing. And then the last one on the list which I feel like is probably the winner the most iconic line in the Pixar film Saga to infinity and beyond I was waiting for it. I was like Chris better say to infinity and beyond is it's got to be the winner. Right? I think it's the winner. That's really it's when you say it everyone knows what you're talking about. Yeah. Probably been the most said line. If of all Pixar films Shane has a tattooed on him each other and everything. So, especially in Toy Story 4 at the I hope you've all seen towards 34, but there's a moment at the end where Woody and Buzz have a moment and it said and I don't really cry when I watch movies. I never cry. It's very rare, and I'm the and that that lineups it killed me. Yeah when they say, goodbye. Yeah that just what he says to infinity and what he says and beyond that was just so lots of great quotes in these films lots of motivational ones, but I think me and Andrew both in unanimous and probably all of you to infinity and beyond is the greatest quote in a Pixar movie. Yeah. All right back to the list were jumping into the top four of the list. All right. This is we're getting to the top the big films right here number four for you Andrew Finding Nemo Finding Nemo. All right it you you have it a little higher than I I do why why some why do you love Finding Nemo? It was just I think so complex in that. It's such a simple story, but they all the little side things the, you know, creating the turtles just everything about that whole movie is just I think a masterpiece and It was just so fun. You know, like I think it was in it was very fun. That's all I can really say anything. It's like a relatable one too. Because like if you're a parent like it's not it's an animated film for children. But when you look at the story the story is made for parents because you're seeing the film Through The Eyes of Marlon and your imaginations homepro God what would happen if my child went missing right? And so it can it hooks you story-wise right there great. Great. Has your for more for me was this was so tough. It was The Incredibles. Oh and you know, I'm you have it a lot. I'm and I can't make my mind up if I like in credit so I didn't include both incredible films on the series because I can't tell if I like The Incredibles more than I like Incredibles 2 or if I like Incredibles 2 more than I just like I like that superhero family. Yeah, I do too. I have the Met nine. But they could just be you know in my top five just the music on that is Iconic again a great supervillain and I love that. They made like a superhero that was you know relatable for everyday people because mr. Incredible looks like just a chunky fat guy and the music and that again great and you can speak more on probably the you know, it was just it's like an animated Avengers before Avengers came out, you know like this just a single unit a family. All had their egos or well mainly the dad but I just yeah, I was very relatable especially watching as a kid and thinking like what if I had superpowers? Yeah, and I like what they did with the villain how he was this fanatic child and it was because he was ignored no the resentment and all that. It wasn't just some devious, you know person I want to take over the world because I hate everybody it was you know, it will look very well-rounded character. Yeah. Yeah, and he is a tariff terrifying villain and it has some of the best supporting characters like the baby and Edna and then Frozone all of them both. Okay. Now we're in the top three number three for you A lot of people I think shrug this movie off and it annoys me and it's A Bug's Life. That's number three for me. I didn't have bugs life on my list. But you know, it's it is I mean, it's the second one. It's an iconic. One, why do you like it so much? I think it was I think super cool. as a child seeing it like seeing it from that perspective of an ant like how the leaves were huge and going into the Carnival city or that City that's just made of trash but it was just so I thought inventive and I remember thinking this as a child to like this is was just super cool and then like I didn't know it at the time but the subsurface scattering on the leaves was blew my mind as I remember seeing as a kid and seeing the light go through the leaf and The light would bleed into the leaf and it was interacting and at the time I just thought it was cool. But now that I'm an adult and know what subsurface scattering is. They did that in like 96 or 97 and that's just crazy. Yeah, and also 3D movies were limited to how many actual polygons that can have on on screen and A Bug's Life was the first 3D movie to actually put a crowd, you know thousands thousands of Advance onto a movie screen and I can imagine what you know, like the technical directors reading the script and that's never been done before and being like, how are we supposed to do it and John lasseter's like it's greenlit. It's got to go. It's gonna happen. You're just but even besides all that. I've always held A Bug's Life very close to my heart. What's crazy about A Bug's Life. It's the second film. It's John Lasseter did the first three films there. This is what blows my mind about it Pixar. Our sorry Pixar Toy Story first film had a 30 million dollar budget. You know what the budget was for A Bug's Life After the success of Toy Story a hundred milk a hundred and twenty million. Well, that is a lot of wow. That is a lot of my four times as much. Yeah that wow. And so yeah bugs life 92% John Lasseter and sadly Bug's Life only had one nomination at the Oscars. It didn't get as much love but one of your favorites my number three You want you had already included it Toy Story 3. Okay Toy Story 3 again. I love Toy Story done by Leon Kirk and it's a best picture nominee. It made me weep at I divide no crisp very well. And I know he was crying the end when they are in that like trash compactor and they're holding hands and you think because this is the third movie. No, you just think they're going to kill the toys or something. Oh my God. I remember watching it with Peter my little brother and he was about I've at the time and I had already seen it and I was taking him and I remember that scene when they're sitting in the trash compactor about hit the fire Peter grabs my hand and he's like are they gonna die and I look over and I'm like, yes can't even come strolling about they're gonna get out of it. It's okay. Yeah and then the end scene, you know, I thought I was done crying and then of course when he gives the toys to Bonnie and then you think like, oh, no, what are you doing Andy? And then he comes back one more time to play. To play with them and that literally just like and then he drives off and he looks in the rearview mirror and smirks and wooden buzzer there. Mmm. I think it took me years to re-watch Toy Story 3 because I just could not put myself through that again. It's like that. The last season of friends are you just don't want to watch it even though you know, it's super amazing. You don't want to go through those emotions. Yeah, it's too much. Okay, so I had The Incredibles at for Toy Story 3 and you had fighting Nemo Nemo it for and It's life. Awesome. We are down to the top to top two before we do top to we're going to do what I think is the second biggest category favorite character favorite Pixar character in a film here are some candidates and let me know if I leave any out. Obviously Woody. Absolutely Buzz Lightyear. Mike Wazowski, it's kind of a popular Crystal Crystal Crystal does amazing with that. In fact, he got an Oscar nomination. They've really should make a voice acting category. Hmm. Oh totally he and at the Academy like it needs to be a nominated category. I 100% agree one of the off tangent of Pixar but like the movie her well, yeah with bats and just there like they need to recognize people to do voice acting. So Mike Wazowski another one James P Sullivan was I Love I love John Goodman. Yeah Blaze him. Here's a sleeper Edna Emoto. She is asleep there definitely is the best part of The Incredibles movies her and Jack Jack, I think yeah those two I had to include Edna another great character. I think Dory is just a great character. Yeah. I loved Horry and then here comes a couple sleeper one's for me. I included Russell the little boy. In up I included a movie that we haven't even touched on yet Bing Bong from inside outside out which we have on was a Greek Bing Bong was another one that almost got me super emotional and that movie. I love that character. I included joy and sadness think they're great characters and then lastly do Kaboom. Dude is also one of those he's the sleeper. He's just for supporting actor. I think if I had to choose a favorite Supporting it would come down a Jack Jack Edna or do Kaboom do Kaboom played by Keanu Reeves and Toy Story 4 as the Canadian stuntman. He's awesome. Any other characters? I might have left off. You think I think you left off Remy route to hear em from Ratatouille flick. Yes, flike and a lot of people love like they between they do I can't believe I didn't leave. Why did I not right? Okay. Yeah Lightning McQueen needs to be on there. So does Mater Mater need? To be on there so does. Okay. I said Joy, I don't think the the diet. What's the dinosaurs name and a good dinosaur? I don't know that technically considered a favorite Rilo or something something like that. What about the main character in Coco? See is the inconsistency Miguel do you think Miguel is a favorite for some people? I think Miguel might be a favorite character possibly because he's a singer and plays guitar and he is a good heart and he goes, but the problem I think he's a person and you know, and that abated movies like actual people are never really look most favorite characters. He is a great character and then you got to get you out so include mr. Incredible or mrs. Incredible. They're great characters. Okay. Give me your My favorite all-time is Woody if you like Scott of this is like when me and my to the Harrison Harrison Ford one where it's like, you know, there's the two iconic ones at the you happen than everybody else. I think it's like literally it's a woody or buzz you conversation. What is yours what he exactly see eye everybody loves Woody what he's just the best. Yeah. And the funny thing is when Pixar first Briton Toy Story Woody was his Total douche bag asshole character that he's mean to buzzing. Yeah, he's totally mean and so when Disney asked to see Toy Story they pitched them this and they were like Woody is a terrible person. So Pixar was forced to rewrite and be do Woody and luckily they did and you know, we got this amazing character and what do you nice Buzz also great. I mean you can't go wrong with Buzz. They're a Duo, you know, yeah. Cole we both want with Woody. All right, we're down to our final two favorite Pixar films. Yeah, this this little these are the mecca the big ones. This was so hard to even just get down to top 10. There's so many good films. I'll go first this time. Okay, because my number two you already mentioned. My number two is Monsters Inc. Oh, okay love Monsters Inc Monsters Inc. Done by Pete docter 96 on Rotten Tomatoes four Oscar nominations, including a win for best original song which Billy Crystal and John Goodman Right singing their song together. I love that movie. I thought it was so unique making people that had forever been afraid of monsters and making monsters. I think it's one of them. I think it probably is the most unique. Oh my God. Sorry from Pixar and I didn't I'm not a big fan of the sequel monsters you but I just thought the concept the like we were talking about the voice acting. So iconic with Billy Crystal and John Goodman and I just love both those characters and it's again, it's one of the first that came out with so I was a kid when it came out 2001 and it's just forever stuck with me. I love Monsters Inc. So that's my number two. My number two. It was very tough for me to make this decision. But I'm giving to it a Toy Story Toy Story number. Oh my gosh. Stop the presses toys into I thought Toy Story would be one but it's not not for me at least even though it holds so much and I think the Who I am today. Mhm. Just it just cannot close enough and I and I can't even give you a reason why really? Just I like my number one pick more. Okay, II probably know what your number one is, but all I want you to talk about Toy Story a little more because Toy Story is my number one. Okay, Toy Story John Lasseter first Pixar film hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes be three Oscar nominations didn't win anything except it won a special achievement Oscar for the first computer animated film. It was groundbreaking it was like when what was it snow white one that yeah Special. Adam award when it won for groundbreaking in the animation category. This is what Pixar did for the first one again as our childhood. I thought I was Andy growing up. I love my toys. I tried to randomly run into the room and sneak up on my toys playing and stuff to me. It's the most iconic of the Pixar films. That's why I have it at number one. I almost had it at number one, but I just I couldn't make that decision, but I see why it is your number one. It's Toy Story. It's Woody in the game. gang it's It's a visual achievement in technology. It's slingshotted. I think 3D into being an actual relevant, you know means of making movies because before this every Studio thought it was too expensive. Yeah, and with that, you know, it made hundreds of millions of dollars. It would had a 30 million dollar budget and it made three hundred and sixty-four million dollars getting wide and so You know, that's when it launches whole then we enter, you know, Toy Story and then only Pixar was producing, you know those movies and then 2000s came and every Studio was trying to take you know, if we just make a 3D animated movie will make a ton of money and then they little did they know that it almost like bankrupted the company. Yeah, it almost bankrupted Disney Dream work because they thought they could just release anything 3D and people would watch but no, you know, we still want a good story. That's it. Important thing that's the best part about it because when you go back and watch it, you know, you look at the dog you look at some things like the animation isn't as no good as what we're seeing now, but we don't care when we watch it because of the story is so good. Alright, that's my top 10. Give us your number one. My number one. I think a lot of animators will agree with me and it's Ratatouille. Yeah. I knew you're going to say it's just Ratatouille is just let's let Andrew stand on a soapbox and talk about Ratatouille before he talks about it Ratatouille was directed by Brad Bird in 2007 has a Rotten Tomatoes score of 96 should be a hundred. Yep. And it is also again one of the ones that is the most nominated film. I had five Oscar nominations and it won for best animated feature go Andrew, I think Ratatouille. I mean where it's set its in Paris France. Mmm. It follows a brat who wants to become a chef, you know, it's about following your dreams and not let anything stop you and you know, then you have the opt the opposite and what's his name the the shelter? Yeah the owner of the restaurant or that no. No the kid the kid. Oh, you're talking about the kid that yeah, and he is, you know doesn't really go after things. He's kind of this in. pervert and then he runs in a Remy and you know their stories clash and you know goes off into this beautiful story of chasing your dreams. I don't think it's not letting me stop you and it's just a beautiful film speaks to you as an artist. I think it's like that quote that we read earlier about the fact that not I feel like that's why you love it so much as the not everyone can become a great artist, but a great yeah like that where it embodies so much of I think the artist spirit and Not to mention, it's just beautiful and the music the French music that they use and the how sad that it's like the low-key favorite of everyone. That is an animator. Where is like the toy store? He's the popular film. This is the one that like people look back on and I like that like there was so much discipline in making Ratatouille that Pixar flew in, you know, michelin-starred French rep like chefs to come in and actually make these dishes for them so they could see how it's made. and then presented so that the artist can recreate them accurately and just that level of expertise and It was just beautiful amazing. It's a good movie again. One of those ones that I got late to the game and I watched it. Where do you have ratted? Do you even have any even have it on the top? Because I feel like it didn't speak to me as much as it spoke to you. And as I told you it's too hard to make this list. It was hard enough to get a damn 10 movies. Okay, before we end this we I skip this category, but we're going to end it on this one worst Pixar film. There's been 21 of them made. What is the worst Pixar film? I have two of them, but give me yours. I think you already told everybody what? I think a ghost cars to and brave car I literally go to films that I have our cars to and brave also they just were not first off cars three is good car sir I love cars but cars to it seemed like it was it was like Pixar trying to do the like made-for-tv Disney movie I just did not come off as that story of Mater going to London and becoming basically like a secret agent yeah and it's awful it was mostly about Mater not Lightning McQueen their main character and went completely Off the track of the main story like we love ravit or Springs and we saw like, none of it. I hated that movie. Yeah, he became a superhero but okay cars to on mine. But the number one that I hate and again people are going to hate me for this take. I have the biggest bone to pick with brave because in my opinion that year when Brave came out it was not the best animated. Oh, well, it's not act Disney released. What is one of them? I Ro one of my favorite Disney movies Wreck-It Ralph that year and they gave the award to Brave and wave it to me. Okay, I think it had it had everything to be an amazing film. It just wasn't done. Well, like it had the story the characters the world everything looked amazing, but it was just not done. Well, it wasn't executed to that Pixar level of what were used to and we everyone saw and could tell like it wasn't that great. You said that they Took forever and releasing it right didn't it have a different name before like bear in the book? Yeah with nature usually titled Fair the bow and they went through multiple directors during production. Where who was the director the Brenda Chapman was the director like 50% of the way in and then she got fired and Mark Andrews came in and he kind of I guess cleaned it up, but then Pixar felt bad about firing their first female director, so they brought her back in and she became a coder. Erected thing so you had you know, I times R times up to two people telling the same story and you can tell it wasn't just it just was a mess and maybe again we're telling this from the male perspective. If you were a little girl and you watched Brave it probably resonated a little bit more. Yeah. I just think it was the problem having two directors coming in a different time lines trying to tell the same story and they were probably way behind on production time and had to get out. And it just and Vanellope and Ralph were a way better do oh, I don't know. They should have had Wreck-It Ralph and Wreck It Ralph was not a Pixar film. But yeah, that's that's my problem with brave. It's like the same problem I have with The King's Speech, which is actually a good movie. But I'm so pissed that Inception didn't beat it the same way. I feel about Brave and Wreck-It Ralph. Okay. So that's our least favorite film that is going to wrap up our list wrap off. Here's my top 10 again. So it's for the people that remember number 10 Wally number nine Toy Story 2 number 8 Mimo number seven cars number six cocoa number five up and were for The Incredibles number three Toy Story 3 number 2 Monsters Inc. And number one Toy Story. That was my list was your list your folder. I have up at 10:00 The Incredibles at 9:00 Coco at 8:00 Toy Story 3 Monsters Inc. Cards Finding Nemo A Bug's Life Toy Story and the amazing Ratatouille. Nice to Great list. Check it out. I feel like all of us have seen every film umm of Pixar and you know, you should go this weekend because they I got another one coming out onward the story. Yeah is the magical story with Chris Pratt and looks really really interesting. So we'll have to check that out. But Andrew, thanks so much for coming on this for having me. It was a blast. I got a little bit of an education. Hopefully you guys did it home and let us know what your favorite Pixar films are. Thanks Andrew for coming on and anytime and everybody else have a At rest of your day. Thanks for stopping by on your mark.