Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer the July forts the Christmases that could be on Thursday the scientifically proven best day for a holiday to be but then you would you come back to work on Friday or you say First of all off well, that's the thing. It's a workday but your boss is a probably out of town in a four-day weekend at least 25% of your coworkers are going to be out of town. Our he's eyes are gonna start bleeding Rogers courage right now. I work weekends. Okay. This is how work weekends Friday the the best day for when it comes out of Monday a three-day weekend is not 1.5 times better than a regular weekend. Okay, so here's not provide 1.5 times relaxation. I feel like for the benefit of our listeners we should pull back the veil a little bit and say that Roger is someone whose Work Week hits maximum intensity on Saturday and Sunday, right? Uh-huh. He is a football first writer although a brilliant sportswriter about many different sports, but like largely is engaged. So I may be skewed you think I may have a serious recession like a three-day weekend with a holiday on Monday because you write wonderfully about football all Sunday and in The Bachelor all the Monday is for you, but that Bieber doll your fella. There's actually has have been studies and I firmly believe I read this in like a Parade Magazine in the 90s, but there have been sure they're hurt there have been studies that show that like that having the Friday three day weekend much way better than the Monday because much better than having Friday cute. I know I know I'm safe as a piece of that because having a Monday off is like having two Sundays and everybody gets like the Sunday sadness or whatever and all that kind of stuff. That's a Friday is like having to Saturday. This is in tailed in my argument, but that's just clearly true. Yes, so that Will Rogers Rogers Thursday part of my point you're saying if we're gonna get a three-day quote unquote weekend, you'd rather have Saturday Sunday and then a Thursday that's not a three-day weekend you're saying if I'm getting an off day on a given week. I wanted to by mistake the government that the government has chosen to put most of our holidays on Mondays to guarantee usually decide what those are the two good ones that could possibly pop up on a Wednesday you would I have been to too many one the government to engage You'll excuse ruling. Yes Monday Night Football Style with Ali's just July Wednesday Rogers. Guess what Martin Luther King's birthday used to be on Martin Luther King's birthday and then we started getting it on the Monday because they wanted to ensure that three-day weekend, you know, because sometimes it would fall on a Saturday and Sunday and if that's the case, I'm fine still give us the Monday, but I would rather a chaos holiday one video that I was going to say. I want chaos, you know, but you don't a weekend just provides a slightly more relaxing because what happens is I can tell about our he's coming in hot. Go ahead. Just because awful I am horrified. I am appalled first of all, why are you making the case for Thursday instead of Wednesday? You will taste good too. Wednesday is the only the only choice if you're going to make the case for one day in the middle of the week because then you have the many weeks ago just one seventh of the time. It will be a Wednesday and that'll be great. The society I think I need like a spreadsheet or something to track your math here the three-day weekend. Now look do we do we all enjoy our weekend's as much as everybody could know mmm, but in the idealized form the platonic ideal of a three-day weekend is an actual mini vacation you are sacrificing that possibility completely and totally if you opt in to the midweek off day, are you going to go to Santa Barbara on Wednesday? You are not Roger you could take a day off and make a four day weekend. But then that's on you and the whole also. I think that the three-day weekends Trixie would to take a rushed vacation. I think I have you ever had a real actual relaxing three-day vacation weekend. Well, I haven't gone on a vacation in like five years. So I'm not really the target audience for what not allow dirt out of three day weekend. I will say their entire time scrambling around to get back to your site Shoemaker. I had were similar makeups to our job. So we don't do the same thing that I feel like our rhythms are somewhat similar. Hey, I think that if if you offered me or David a Wednesday off we would not know what to do with ourselves. You just switch would spend the whole day thinking about the work you have to do for Thursday. Yeah, that's what you would do with yourself. Whereas if you got the Friday, I'm heading into the 3D Myron you'd enjoy yourself. Yeah. I mean, I'd like to think that I would at least like get some Better Call Saul in or sure thing, but I wouldn't I wouldn't make the most of it. There's no way I would even is a blessing know cuz you work up to the first Raj work up to the last minute on Tuesday and then on Wednesday be like, but I still have Thursday and Friday whereas if you get that Friday offer. Never if you have that three-day weekend, you can put all the Sunday scary's TM Chris long. You can put them all on Monday afternoon if you want to and that's much better than having that Sunday when the sun's going down and the second football games ending or just kind of like oh Christ. Hmm. I just I'm just dying here. Like I guess I if is Curb Your Enthusiasm isn't on like I don't know how I'm gonna get through Sunday, right? But if you just throw that in a Wednesday, I just feel like I don't really know maybe I go to a longer lunch instead of eating at my Because that's like the that's the only treat I'm giving myself that day. Now, I think what you are saying if I can read into it is that if you kind of cake take that Thursday where an employee whose care who cares about Friday, right? And then it turns into Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday, and if I'm going away Thursday, like if I cut out a little early on Wednesday and then you're pushing it into almost like a week. I'm talking about the devil's four-day weekend in front of my during this period Bernie weekend old and I admire its by July 4th comes it on a Thursday. Everyone gets drunk at that is hung over at work on Friday as a father of sons. I can't something that's obviously that's that's where my mind off days for children. Whenever your life is ruled by the school calendar. If I got a random Wednesday off, I think it would be like my wife would just say like yeah, you get to stay home with the baby. Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna go shopping or I'm gonna go to the hang out with my friends or I'm gonna go do so. It'd be like a vacation Asian for her but I think doesn't she deserve a vacation? Yes. Absolutely. She could she deserves all the vacations but I'm just saying it wouldn't necessarily mean it would be it's not like I get I'm gonna magically be at the beach because I have a Wednesday off or whatever but you're right. My life is ruled by the school calendar which in New York is fucking wild. I was pitching this to adults and not children. I don't know what children would say about weekend. When are you going to ask us for summer break? You should have summer break. Well, I would I would love a cup. It's about Uncle when in the year would you take it Thursday, August? What is it? What is it month or every bigger? Actually, I would take it right now. I would take it after NBA All-Star before pitchers and catchers. Are they there yet. You're a little late night. They already there. I think this is the right side my take was so unpopular that we just started talking around you take like nobody agreed with is unpopular. It's just that we want to refine it. I think all three of us find ourselves in places in our lives where we either side. Ecologically or you know, we're like kind of disposed not to like kind of go for that. I I think my wife if I may speak for her. She's a big like if I'm like, I'm going out at 6 p.m. And I'm still like drifting around the house at 5:00. She's like, why don't you just get out not in a mean way but just kind of like I psychologically either need you here or God and I think she would be the same way about this day off. I think she would initially be like really excited about it. But the first time I started looking at my phone a lot and thinking about like what I was going to be doing the next And I got to do the watch and all this and you know is green while bringing his eighth game and what am I integrating compensate and all that stuff? I didn't get any laughs for that one. I thought it was funny. I will as soon as I start working on my next day's work. She'd be like, I wish you'd just gone work today and then come back and then taking me to dinner on Wednesday night. All right knew how to take we should just get rid of weekend's the work Less on every day. Oh my God. No, no wait, that is a great weight was bite a correlated to that. No because this is horrible, but this is where we really got us so that the best sometimes the best take is the second day and I think that while I appreciate where you're coming from, That's that's that is deep. No one's putting their phones. Anyway, we need the opposite of that take their we need like one twenty four hour work day. And then chill that's how Rogers come that's what magazines were. I think we just all have bad an unhealthy. We know now I are saying work. So true. We cousins were like we work hard for a week and then we go to lunch for three weeks. And and you know, they didn't blog I've got a Blog so I don't know if we've arrived anything. I think we all have our own very specific tapes on his very unhealthy work. Yes Roger for Mallory for David. I'm Chris Ryan. This is Ben Augustine.