Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if Already, make sure to give us a follow on Twitter like box where you're going to find all the Iana sandbox content you could ever want as well as the conversation surrounding that so without further Ado. Let's Jump Right In All right, so just to give you guys a quick recap since I last podcast the Box had a few games. And when we last talked they were fresh off an impressive Road Victory versus the Raptors. So what's happened since then the Box had a challenging matchup versus the Thunder who were then since Thanksgiving the second best team in the NBA to the Milwaukee Bucks will how does that one work out the box demolish them almost winning by 50 points and you know, it's just mind-blowing how good this Team is they're asserting their dominance any test that comes their way they seem to pass with flying colors. They followed that impressive Victory Versa Thunder up with a road victory over the Hornets noon game. That was a little sloppy, but naturally you're asking the box to play at noon and it's not their ideal time to play a game the end up losing to Miami the next day and I think everyone was a little frustrated with that game a lot of people like to You know, if you're not a box fan, if you're not from the city of Milwaukee, if you're not supporting this team, some people like Steven Naismith. They might want to call Red Alert. This Bucks team has red flags. They have flaws. Whatever the heat pack the paint. Is that the blueprint to defend yanis Well turns out a lot of things went right for the heat. A lot of things went wrong for the box. And I don't think anyone is worried even though the Heat have beaten the Box twice this season. So we'll see how that develops as the season goes on. It's going to be very tough for any team to beat the box for straight times or for game four times in a seven-game series, but we'll see how it goes and then the box then traveled back to Milwaukee to take on the Indiana Pacers and Malcolm Brogdon Brogdon Brogdon end up having to leave due to an injury, but they had a close game and ended up turning it into a 19-point victory. So here we go. The Milwaukee Bucks are the number one team. Team in the NBA. They sit Atop The League with a record of 53 and 9 of percentage of 855. That's how much they win. They win 85.5% their games and guess who's number to a distant second, but in their own tear the Los Angeles Lakers their five games back of the box there 47 and 13 a 7 8 3 win percentage currency of the teams. In the Box are 82 in their last ten the Lakers are nine and one and I don't think there's any doubt around the NBA right now that these are the top two teams LeBron verse yanis. You just see the similarities the bronze all these 35, but he's playing like a young man. Yanis is 25 and he is playing like an MVP repeat. We got a lot more to talk about but the current state of the team's they're both rolling, you know when these teams play Made in the past the box of actually one. It's something like Six straight verse the Lakers dating back to the 2015-16 season. Now the Lakers went through a little bit of a rebuild until they acquired King James and Anthony Davis, but the box right now have dished out six straight else to the Lakers including the most recent one December 19th at the Pfizer form when they want to 111 to 104. So, let's see. Let's dive a little deeper. Let's take a look at how the Lakers and the Box been playing since the all-star. A break now, what about six or seven games depending on who's played and what and if you look at the Lakers King James leads the way he's averaging 29 Points and 35 minutes since the break. He's averaging nine point eight assists 7.7 rebounds phenomenal numbers. He's the facilitator. He's evolved as game in ways that I don't know if anyone really expected this in his 17 season, but King James continues to be phenomenal and defy this critics defies. Stations he's an amazing player. He has a fantastic case for the MVP. Although it's not quite as good as yanis has will get back into that in just a sec. But below him Anthony Davis. He's you know, Robin to Batman 1A and 1B. However, you want to call it. He's averaging 32 minutes a game since the break and putting up 26 points 11 rebounds 2 assists. Probably the best player LeBron has ever played with no disrespect to D Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami. No, disrespect to Kyrie and kale of although Anthony Davis is a league above those guys after that. It's a steep drop-off for the Los Angeles Lakers. There's Kyle kuzma. He's averaging 12 points six points a game since the break. I know a lot of Lakers fans. A lot of people around the league have been critical of his play is he too obsessed with attention, you know, he's dying his hair weird colors. He's posting crazy stuff on Instagram stuff that has nothing to do with basketball whatsoever. Sometimes you wonder where his head is at And rightly, so it's really affected his game this year. He's taking a huge step back and very very very close to being shipped out of town over the trade deadline. Then you look at Kentavious Caldwell-Pope kcp. He's averaging 11 a game you go down. The list Avery Bradley is having an 82-game Dwight Howard about a two-game Danny Green seven a game. He's played not great this year considering his contract Alex Caruso who the media seems to be obsessed with he's averaging 60 game then they picked up Markieff Morris. He jabbering about 6A game and keep in mind this is all since the All-Star break at the very bottom of the statute is Jared Dudley averaging a whopping zero point zero points per game, you know, once again, we love Dudley we're big fans of himself to Delhi for filing like bucks and interact with us and all that his stuff his contribution. It's not always going to be putting the ball in the basket. His basketball IQ is very high and I think people around the league whether it's executive. Natives whether it's teammates players on opposing teams. They do have respect for him in terms of what he's able to add to an organization as a vet. So let's transition to the box and we're going to stay on the same theme of talking about since the All-Star break yanis is scoring has come down a little bit. He's averaging a little bit more playing time. They needed prior to the break. He's averaging 31 minutes and he's scoring 27 points a game. However, his rebounding is gone. Crazy, he's gone, you know Andre Drummond and then some he's a virgin sixteen point three rebounds a game since the break that is absurd 15.1 defensive rebounds 15.1. Just let that sink in 5.3 assists as always. He's making mvp-type plays whether it's a big three whether it's blocking a shot giving his guys confidence giving his guys encouragement keeping his team loose with the The wrestling matches in the tunnel before the games yanis is really bringing it on the court and off the court right now doing whatever it takes to have this team win and it should be important to note that post All-Star break means, you know post the birth of baby Liam Ian has been a father the entire post All-Star break. His scoring has come down. His rebounding has gone up his assistants stayed fairly similar. Obviously that doesn't really relate in any way, but his game is Exceptional still khris Middleton. Once again, he's averaged a little more time than he was before the break. He's a virgin 32.6 minutes per game. But he's averaging twenty five point four points a game. So he's really beefed up that scoring we've seen what he can do throwing up huge Point totals when the team needs him when yanis is out. He's averaging 7.4 rebounds a game. I remember the old MBA era, you know, maybe even like five to ten years ago 7.4 rebounds if you could Your Center do that. If you could have your power forward do that. That's huge. That's great where it's a good day's work and Chris Middleton has the Box shooting guard small forward weighing whatever you'd like to categorize them as is evidenced 7.4 rebounds per game post break and that's actually second on the team by a wide. Margin Dante D. Vincenzo is averaging six rebounds a game post All-Star break whereas Brook Lopez is only averaging 4.5 Robin Lopez has averaged in one. So it's just kind of an interesting stat when you look at it like that Chris Middleton is Ali helping yanis kind of ignite the break and grab those rebounds you look at the number three score on the box after the All-Star break Brook Lopez, which is kind of encouraging considering the season. He's had so far. He's averaging 25 minutes 14 points if he can give us that with well, he also gives us his Stellar defense. It's going to be a great thing for Bucks fans Eric Bledsoe. He's next twenty six point seven minutes a game only twelve point seven points 4 rebounds 5.6 assists. You like to see those numbers come up a little bit bludsoe is a fantastic player and a star in his role. He doesn't have to be the main guy like he did in Phoenix, but you are expecting a little bit more out of someone who just signed a deal you'd like to see his average has increased post All-Star break not decrease George Hills just doing his thing averaging 10 points a game. Super vet out there. Robin Lopez has really picked up his game since the All-Star break. He's averaging eight points in 18 minutes. If you go per 36 that's 16 points Wesley Matthews down to D. Vincenzo's playing phenomenal. Then you go on the bench. There's path is Marvin Williams all kind of contributing a little bitter son hasn't really been playing much. Neither is Sterling or DJ been bounced a little bit back and forth between the g-league but that gives you a little bit of the picture of the teams since the All-Star break now if we go a little deeper into the stats as far as just the team's comparing the teams. The Box lead the NBA with a 12 point to point differential that I believe last time I checked is on Pace to be the highest of all time. The Los Angeles Lakers. No slouches themselves have a plus 7.5 Point differential that means on average. They scored seven and a half points more per game than their opponents. If if anyone didn't know what that meant. I know there's a lot of advanced fans listening and I know there's a lot of casual fans listening. Just want to make sure we cover it all for The what's really interesting is that when you look at the field goal percentage differential between the box and their opponents and the Lakers in their opponents. Both teams are extremely positive in that regard was the Box shoot seven percent better. Then their opponents and the Lakers shoot four percent better than their opponents and that kind of factors in offense and defense. So just like the mark of some good teams. What's interesting about the box is that their three-point percentage is only 0.2 percentage point to one fifth of a percent above their opponents. So we may shoot a lot of Threes but we don't necessarily play a lot of Defense on those threes as we've seen before that might be the boss Achilles heel a little bit, but at the end of Day, this team's it is a strength of them to shoot threes. But yanis is their ultimate strength. So that's something the bus can live with they've been extremely successful with their current style and is no need to fix it if it ain't broke if it ain't broke. Don't fix it something that's actually really interesting that's unique to the Bucks in the Lakers Atop The League when you sort these stats is that we're if you look at teams three through 13 record-wise are sorry point differential wise Teams 313 all have a positive free throw percentage when compared to their opponents meaning they shoot better from the line and their opponents. They get the easy ones and they do that better than their opponents kind of helps on those close games Well the box we don't really play a lot of close games and neither do the Lakers, but it's almost alarming in the fact that the Bucks shoot three point nine percentage points worse than their opponents on free throws, and the Lakers are even worse shooting. Point excuse me 4 point 9 percentage points worse than their opponents. A lot of that can be attributed to LeBron James free-throw issues Ian has his very own free-throw issues something to look at something that steps out the box actually have a positive turn over percentage in regards to their opponents and the Lakers are trying to ball over a point three percentage points less than their opponents. So, you know Very close to zero kind of varies by game. Obviously yanis is going to handle the ball a lot. He's going to have his first shirt turnovers, but there's nothing that jumps out at you there. And what's actually kind of concerning and a lot of Bucks fans could relate to this is that when you look at the personal foul stat Milwaukee Bucks average 2.3 less fouls again than their opponents. Despite being the number one team in the NBA you could call it roughing you could call it small Market bias. You could call it yanis isn't a Flopper are for his teammates. Don't follow his lead and they also refused to flop which I have the highest respect for but you you like to hope that in the playoffs this differential in terms of fouls called for doesn't come back to Haunt the Box in a close game luckily their point differential so high we don't anticipate them playing in many close games. Although in the playoffs. There will be those close games. So just something to keep an eye on when you compare the two teams the Bucks in the Lakers versus the rest of the league. How do they how do they stack out? How do they get an edge over their opponents a couple stats? We just went over right there. So that takes us to the deeper. A bey that everybody is talking about and that's the MVP race yanis versus LeBron. Now if you ask someone in Milwaukee who the MVP is the u.s. Someone in the midwest who the MVP is maybe outside of Cleveland. Everybody's going to tell you Giannis antetokounmpo without hesitation. However, if you ask a casual NBA fan, maybe they're overseas shelter all the international followers. Maybe they don't get to watch a lot of them. Yeah, maybe they just see a lot of highlights because the time differentials maybe you're talking to someone in New York Allah one of the bigger markets you have that big Market bias. They only watch the Stars they might tell you that it's LeBron James. I know a lot of the commentators are on the league the majority of them believe. Yanis is the MVP but there are few stragglers out there who look at LeBron and curious you're 17. He's having absurd sis assist numbers and you have to give them a lot of credit because you know, there's really Nothing, you can knock LeBrons game on it's just that Ian has his simply been better. So as we compare the two yanis is averaging twenty nine point six points a game thirteen point eight points a game 5.8 assists a game and a number one in the league 31.9 player efficiency rating. That's PE are those are crazy numbers. I believe that PR is the highest of all time if he continues at that pace LeBron you look at Him twenty five point four points a game 7.8 rebounds a game 10 points 7 assists, which is absurd but if you look at his PR, it's actually 25.82 game which is eighth in the league still very very good, but it's actually Trails Anthony Davis is All-Star teammate. Once again, LeBron could win MVP if this was any other season, you don't think anyone would really be giving him too much of too much of an argument against that but man Ian has really what can you say is Does it all he doesn't on the offensive and the defensive end if you look at his / 40-minute numbers they increase every year by the way last year in his MVP season. He averaged thirty three point eight fifteen point four rebounds. Seven point two assists per 40 minutes with 30 .95 PE are this year? He takes it a step higher. He takes it a level higher. He's averaging 38.4 points. / 40 Seventeen point nine rebounds per 47.5 assist per 40 It's just unbelievable as pers increased his rebound rates increases. You should raise gone up a little bit, but he's maintained that efficiency and even increased it and those numbers are better than LeBron James as good as LeBron James has been as great of a person as he is, you know, we could debate that at a different time, but he does a lot for you know, the game of basketball he gets a lot of criticism no matter what he does. He's a tremendous player. He's a tremendous person. So was Ian has And this is his MVP award to lose. So all things considered you look at these, you know individual stats you compare the two you give it a little contacts you look at the head-to-head matchups Ian has got the first one on his home court LeBron, you know, he has a chance to get even the season series on his own court right now. All things Poinciana secreting is an MVP. So that's something that Bucks fans can. You'll take comfort in so to take a little break and you know move on to The Supporting Cast because it's not just LeBron verse he honest there are other players in the core. There are other players on the team. We're just going to dive in a little bit and see what these supporting casts look like. So if you look at the Box, you know, who they going to be supporting honest with who are else besides sides be honest. Do they have to throw up against the Is where the second best record in the league? Let's start with Anthony Davis matching up against Brook Lopez. And obviously Anthony days is extremely athletic. He's extremely skilled. He can shoot it. You can rebound he's tough. He's got that dog in him. He competes he's proven he can win a championship and Kentucky, you know, he's one before that was the reason he wanted to force his way out of New Orleans. He was sick of not contending. Yes. He probably wanted a bigger Market but the real thing was he wasn't winning enough there. And we'll never ever support players forcing their way out of teams over here at Ike, but Anthony Davis is a tremendous player no matter which way you slice their dice it he's averaging on the year. 26 points 6 points a game 9.5 rebounds a game three point two assists per game with two point five blocks and a 28 point four nine player efficiency rating. That is dang good that is very very impressive. And to be honest probably the best number two or number one, whatever you want to call them number one a number one be in the league. He's the perfect sidekick for LeBron. LeBron is Little older Anthony Davis is still young. He's agile. He's athletic he's strong. He really checks off every single box and I know last year when him and yanis were kind of handshake and the tunnel Jonas was recruiting him to Milwaukee for a little bit. You know, he's a player that we would love to see more Q sometimes so maybe keep that in mind for down the road. Anthony Davis is a free agent at the end of the season although everyone expects him to re-sign at the Lakers and why wouldn't either having a great year. He seems to enjoy it out there. Lala he's a tremendous player that Brook Lopez all we can hope for is Bucks fans is for him to slow him down now Brook Lopez. He can't really compete with Anthony Davis defensively or sorry. Excuse me offensive lie, but one way he can compete with him is defensively Brook Lopez is one of the best room protectors in the league and if he can make life difficult for Anthony Davis, which you know, he can because Brooke is a very very very intelligent player in terms of footwork basketball IQ. Just being at the right spot at the right time. Helping out yanis in that regard just like the way a D helps out LeBron. There's no doubt. Anthony Davis has the edge in that matchup. But if Lopez can make life difficult. It's going to very much benefit the box. So then we look at Middleton verse Kyle kuzma and Cal kuzma, who knows what's going on with that guy. He is taking a huge step back this year. He's only averaging on the season 12 points six points a game. That's not even since the All-Star break that's on the season and what happens this guy either he was putting Apollo stats on a bad team or he really just got caught up in the Hollywood lifestyle realize he didn't really care about playing basketball and his game took a step back and almost every regard his player efficiency rating is 11 .49 and real quick for the fans who aren't familiar with player efficiency rating. It basically takes everything a player doesn't the basketball court and measures how efficient they are relative to the amount of time. You're on the court and the player average every single year. Excuse me. The league average is 15, so Player is above 15. That means they are an above-average player and very valuable if they're hovering around 15 and means they are still very valuable in a very much a contributing player on a good team. But if they're below 15 towards that 10 range, so is that 12 range, you know, these guys might be rotation pieces, but they're really nothing exceptional and Kyle kuzma has an 11 .49 player efficiency rating. You just not that good this year. He might not I mean he is very talented. He is athletic but But you almost wonder if it's in his head. He's been caught up in the lifestyle Chris Middleton, you know that he is not caught up in the Hollywood lifestyle. He loves keeping it low-key and his game reflects that Fresh Off signing a five-year 178 million dollar deal in which he was just Drug through the wringer bite, you know NBA fans MBA folks people who said you'd never live up to it. There was a large portion of Bucks fans who unfortunately weren't very supportive of Chris, but he is just passed those tests with flying colors in year one of his big deal. He's already in 30 minutes a game 21 points a game 6.3 rebounds 4.3 or sorry 4.1 assists playing exceptional defense usually taken a other teams toughest assignment and is play Efficiency rating is 22 Point O 2 that is phenomenal. That is an amazing. Second star people around the league know how good Chris Middleton is more on that in a sec. But Chris Milton, no doubt. When's that matchup versus Kyle kuzma quick side note. All these matchups are going to be fluid. There's a lot of switching that goes on the NBA but just for conversations sake we're going to kind of put these players up against each other where that they're a little similar to so expect things to ebb and flow. During the actual game play so then that moves us on to point guards. You have Eric Bledsoe vers Avery Bradley Rajon Rondo, Eric Bledsoe as we kind of touched on earlier. He hasn't been having the best second half. But if you look at his season numbers, he's really just being a star in his role playing great defense 15.3 points a game in 27 minutes four point seven boards, 5.4 assists great defense and a PE are of 18.2 a that's tremendous from your number 3. That is tremendous. Tremendous and as we saw, you know against the Pacers when Bledsoe attacks downhill when he shoots that through without hesitation, it's a beautiful sight and it really just unlocks the team Avery Bradley 8.4 points a game twenty three point seven minutes. One point three assists 9.13 PE are not much to say he was a former number one overall recruit out of high school play one year at Texas bounced around the league a little bit had a little bit of success in Boston one might consider that the Brad Stevens effect has bounced around since had a poor spell in Detroit. But here he is on the Lakers kind of just getting some time because the the Lakers had to give up all their assets to get Anthony Davis. So here he is on a squad get in 24 minutes of game. Rajon Rondo 21 minutes a game seven point three points 5 assists three boards. He is what he is 12 point 9 3 p ER he's not great on defense by any means. He's probably trying a little harder than he was in the past when he admitted he took entire Seasons off of playing defense. But once again, this guy's he's a vet. You know, he's old. He doesn't move like he used to and there's no doubt Bledsoe wins the matchup versus any Lakers point guard they decided roll out against him. So then let's move on to George Hill over his kcp. Now George shows a little bit of a combo guard. He happens to be a ball handler who can actually really stroke it as evidenced by his number one three-point percentage in the NBA the fact that the books are paying this guy 9 million a year is highway robbery quick shoutout to John horse. Keep doing what you're doing. We have full faith in you and man was George Hill a great pickup. So George Hill he's doing his thing. He's averaging 10 points a game. Three rebounds 3 assists 17.7 nine player efficiency rating the Bucks just have these great great great efficient players, you know, there's no there's no there's no accident. The Bucks are this good this year. A lot of their players are actually more efficient than the average players in the league is only so many players who do have a player efficiency rating above 15 and a lot of them happen to be on the box. So George Hill another great player to have on the squad. You look at Kevin tavius Caldwell-Pope kind of a Halo Halo numbers guys, everything 26 minutes a game 10 points, but you look at this player efficiency rating 11 .79. Nothing exceptional whatsoever about that. George Hill wins. The matchup is where it gets a little interesting Dwight Howard verse Robin Lopez Dwight Howard. He has a lot more what-do-you-call-it weight body mass on Lopez, but Robin Lopez is having a tremendous second half and actually let's pull up the second half stats real quick Dwight Howard's averaging seven point seven points a game in 18 minutes. And Robin Lopez is averaging eight point two points a game in 18 minutes. So these guys are kind of putting up similar numbers. The only difference is Robin Lopez is actually shooting some threes and he's making some three so he's kind of spreading the floor for yanis a little bit will see that would be a fascinating matchup to watch kind of seeing how those guys off the bench or whether you know, how how much they how many minutes they choose. The coach choose to give them that will be a match to keep their eye on because it's very very very similar. Let's call that a push. Let's call that a fair match up. Then we go to Alex Caruso versus Dante D Vincenzo on the surface very similar players in the sense that they are both Caucasian. They are both explosive leapers. But if you actually go deeper into the stats, which the national media doesn't really care to do because they just love Alex Caruso. He's averaging five point five points a game in 18 minutes with an 11-point to PE are there's no reason this man should be on highlight reels other than the fact he has an impressive dunk once in a while. There's no reason you should really be getting any air time besides the fact that he's on the Los Angeles Lakers called at the big Market effect call it, you know large Market infatuation call it hidden agendas by the NBA in the media called the small Market bias, whatever you want to call it Dante D. Vincenzo is Far superior player to Alex Caruso and guess what on the season Dante D. Vincenzo is averaging nine points in 23 minutes. He's ever eaten five rebounds, which is amazing considering how he's a guard is a 6-4 guard. He's listened to 640 might be a little taller five rebounds and 23 minutes of game from a guard with a 14 .36 PE are so Dante. He's leaping around crashing the boards and these offense Of rebounds it's a beautiful sight to see no doubt. He's inspired by Ian has hostile as the entire team is he comes in and he impacts the game whether it's offense draining threes without hesitation. We saw a lot of that first the Pacers and just his extended playing time, but he contributes, you know, and the fact that he's a second-year player who missed a ton of time his rookie season with a player efficiency rating nearing The League average really just speaks of Dante's quick ability to learn his ability to Repeat on a high-level team his ability to contribute on a high-level team and even beyond that some of that you get Bucks fans very very excited his upside down tady Vincenzo. Now, feel free to agree with me. Feel free to disagree with me. Feel free to throw your own comparison in there looks very very very very similar. I'm not saying he's like this, but maybe you could call it a poor man's at this stage a poor man's Donovan Mitchell. They were both, you know ball-handling shooting guards with explosive leaping ability. They can both shoot the three. They both have no fear. Obviously Donovan Mitchell has a much higher usage rate. He does impact the game more when you look at the / 36 the / 40 numbers, but if you turn on the tape Donovan Mitchell and Dante D Vincenzo are not so different the fact that the Box had this guy for two more years on his rookie deal potentially an option after that and an extension after That should make box fans around the league very very excited because Dante D. Vincenzo has All-Star upside when you combine that with yanis Chris blood who could potentially be an All-Star in any given year Lopez who got a lot of consideration this year with Dante you're talking five potential All-Stars kind of like the Warriors had a few years ago and it end up working out pretty well for them. They got a couple rings so Dante D Vincenzo once again, Should have no problem winning the match up against Alex Caruso so last but not least, excuse me, last but not least never get to coaching the bench mob first the Lakers bench. I think this is interesting because you have on one end. You have the LeBron effect something that some people may choose to deny exist. But I think deep NBA fans would admit that it is a thing LeBron simply put elevates the play of his teammates and what that does is it causes no names. Such as we saw in the Miami Heat when they had to fill out the roster with minimum guys such as we saw with the Cleveland Cavaliers when he you know, had to go up against the Wars all by himself and that one final series you didn't end up winning it but the next year he did end up winning it LeBron James gets the best out of his teammates. Unfortunately cow kuzma is not one of those players who it's actually not none of my concern because I'm a bucks fan, but the bron James brings out the best in his teammates his passing ability does that and that kind of gives a leg? Is bench a little bit of an X Factor they do have guys like Danny Green pretty solid player. He's having a pretty bad year. They picked up Markieff Morris pretty solid player not having the greatest year. But yeah, you know LeBron will Empower those guys to be even better. You look at Milwaukee yanis kind of has a similar effect on that and so does bud system where he honest does empower his teammates. He does elevate their play because he draws so much attention guys like Marvin Williams, Up and down, but he's been able to contribute Sterling Brown. He's had a couple really nice moments. He plays tenacious defense. He likes to be active Pat connaughton. He can give you threes can give you intense defense. You can give you dunks Pap Rings little bit of everything the table Robin Lopez. We already touched on him, you know, a really really really really great backup center. Kyle Korver. He's a player that a lot of Bucks fans have been missing lately. He's had some back issues and you hope that he'll be all right. this could be they're just giving him extended rest because he's old and they kind of the dog days of the Season here, but One of the League's one of the game's best ever three-point Shooters and he's a guy who can only make your team better. Our son Elias. Sobah hasn't been getting a lot of playing time lately. But seven points 5 rebounds a game 15.5 a PE are very smart player. Not as Shifty on defense is a used to be but our son Elias sobah definitely impacts the game. You can shoot a three, which is really, you know essential in today's NBA, you know, DJ Wilson can't even Get on the court because the Bucks are so deep. So you look at bench to bench. Maybe I'm biased because we're located in Milwaukee here, but the Bucks bench has a slight Edge over the Lakers bench and you know, some people might say the exact opposite some people might say it's even it's a push curiously heat know what you guys think. So let me know if you have any differing opinions on that and you know, it kind of as we as we're talking about the bench it leads into something else. We're kind of the greater point of supporting casts and the NBA is a league of stars. You need to start a win a championship. A lot of people would say you need Two or three stars to win a championship and LeBron. No doubt has a bona fide second star and the box would argue that I think everyone who knows the Bucks basketball everyone who watches Bucks basketball everyone, you know, even a lot of players around the league would argue that khris Middleton is definitely if he wasn't already last year this year. He is definitely a second star who is still sending as a player but there were guys like calling coward who still still deny the heat with Chris Middleton and it just doesn't make much sense. This is what covid had to say about Chris Middleton a couple days ago. He did score 50 this year. Well, let's see what was against the Wizards calling that is unfair. He also had a 41-point game. Who is that against the Wizards? Let me give you a team. That won't be a playoff Factor the Wizards. So it's just ridiculous how Chris Milton will put up 50-point games. So put up 40 point games. He's made several game-winning shots throughout his career. He's proven he can score with ganas out with Ian has on the court with Jonas off the court and it's just ridiculous to me especially and do a lot of Bucks fans. It's Blasphemous, but it's especially ridiculous because if this were any other player at this for Anthony Davis If This Were Bradley Beal If This Were Kyrie Irving Kyrie Irving, especially if Kyrie Irving put up 40 points versus anyone he could put up 40 points for his the Knicks he could put up 40 points versus the lowly calves and it would be front-page news it would be headline this headline that you know Karis Levert or I think oh Spencer Dinwiddie or someone went off for 30 something the other night. Front Page News, you know headline headline headline, it's all anyone can talk about and you think about Chris Middleton putting up a 50 point game. It doesn't matter who it is. If this was anyone else around the league putting up a 50 point game, it would be talked about like nobody's business. If this was Zach LaVine putting up a 50 point game. This is even karl-anthony towns putting up a 50-point game, which I don't know if he's ever capable of doing that but at this was anyone this is kauai's this is Paul George if this was you know, Jimmy, Fleur Joellen bead Ben Simmons. He'll probably never do that. But you know if this is anyone just for example for oh my gosh if this was Jason Tatum putting up 40 or 50, can you imagine what the media would do they would gush over it? They would lose their minds. They would anoint Jason Tatum as the new MVP. It's absolutely ridiculous that this respect Chris Milton gets around the league and I don't think it's really something that Bucks fans need to worry about too much. Because truth is the players and the coaches and the Personnel around the league have the highest respect for Chris Milton. If you look at his career Arc every year he gets better. He's not only great on the court. He's great off the court. He's got an extremely high IQ and it just blows my mind that they're still continue to be Chris Middleton downers. He continues to elevate his play. So before we finish we did get some fan questions. as we asked you guys for some fan questions on Twitter and just pulling them up right now so bear with me for a sec I just want to do some quick hitters we asked Bucks fans what your biggest questions concerns or topic of discussions for the topics of discussion for The Primetime matchup versus LeBron the Lakers Glen Big Dog Robinson tweets Tony Brothers nine favorite so it seems like a couple bucks fans share that same fear Tony Brothers you know it's hard to tell who's going to be roughing a game ahead of time usually those matchups are announced day of but if he's ref in the game you know the Bucks fans aren't the only fans you have a problem with Tony Brothers I don't think the Bucks have many friends around the NBA in terms of referees but it would not be a good site to see Tony Brothers wrap that game he always calls these ticky-tacky fouls on yanis it's not cool it's not good for the flow and he just so many can't really trust out there to hold the Integrity of the game so let's hope that he's not there Luckily, this is a regular season. But still we want this to be a pure again Hooper's debate Tweets in and says we need to close our quarters better. And that's absolutely true. Who's the bait, you know, the bus had a couple laps has lately. We've been very very very strong entire season, but I think if you look at the context of the season the Bucks have a matchup with the Lakers bearing down on them, you know, they might have been overlooking some of their current games and anticipation for that Lakers matchup. It could be that they're in the dog days of the Season, you know, but the thing that should give you comfort hoop is the bait and Bucks fans everywhere. Is that the Box are Elite defensively and we are Elite offensive. Ly we have a tremendous coach. So I don't think anyone's got to worry about that in the playoffs. But time will tell time will tell it's going to be close Milt yachties Matt Kris shelter shelter all our Greek fans tweeting in saying we will have a big problem with matchup. Friday night. Well LeBron and AD. Of course, they're going to be a problem mad respect for their games. But as we kind of detailed the matchups, we just talked about the Box own pretty much be honest first LeBron. That's enough said that's be honest might have a slight Edge LeBron might easily match him could be let's just say it's even for respect sake the Bucks win a lot of those matchups. So including the coach, I would argue that coach budenholzer coach bud. Is a superior kosher Frank Vogel and just be thankful. You don't have Jason Kidd lurking on your coaching staff. Who knows? Who knows? I would not want that guy. Anyone near the bucks bucks 20 20 Tweets in saying I'd like to have a healthy Korver play. I think we would all like to see a little more Korver. I think if anything we would just like to see him out there to know he's okay to know he's healthy. He's missed a lot of time. It is a back thing, but you know better safe than side. Let's get him arrested seven. Is gone tweets who you are honest and cash be guarding Friday night. Well, like we mentioned there's going to be a lot of ebb and flow, you know, no one wants Ian has to guard them. No one wants Chris to really guard them. So they're going to probably run some pick-and-roll action where they go for some switches. So I imagine you'll be seeing a lot of Middleton with kuzma lot of ioannis with Davis may be honest with kuzma be honest with LeBron Middleton with LeBron. I know last time Wesley Matthews did a fantastic job with LeBron. And I want to see if there's any you know, matchup updates any tweaks made in strategy by these coaches since the last matchup, but be honest in cash. Don't worry. There's probably going to be going some of the Lakers best players Uncle gray Tweets in saying what do we do when they build a wall for yanis because it's inevitable that building a wall and it could gain from three is our Achilles heel. You were not wrong Uncle gray, but what the bus can do to address that is Make shots, you know yanis provides tremendous attention for himself, which draws defense has on him leaving other Shooters open these players that are on the books. Most of them are being paid over a million dollars a year. So when you're making that much money, you just got to do your job. You just got to make shots and we've done that most of the games this season if the box of dewdrop one game here there it's not a big deal because they've only lost back-to-back games one time in the entire path. Two years, which is absolutely absurd you never see that ever but but if you look towards the playoffs and apply a playoff context to it. Yes, last year was a freak accident in verse the Toronto Raptors in the Conference Finals, but it's very very very hard to believe that any team. Even if they do beat the box once could they beat them twice? Could they beat them three times four times very very unlikely. So I think you can be. All right with that. Zachary is wrong. Oscy says my question is how come if we win the media will play it off like it was an off-night for the Lakers and if we lose it means the media of the lake is a win the championship jamo beads Tweets in one word money. Zachary had 10 people like his tweet. So I think a lot of people, you know kind of share that someone frustration. This is just a small Market bias. This is large media infatuation. Their agenda is become obvious. It's to get yanis out. Small Market Milwaukee. They're not happy that he's here. They're not happy that he's going to win Rings here. They're not happy that he's going to sign a supermax here. So they're doing everything they can to just act like his accomplishments aren't you know, really anything at but the team's accomplishments aren't really anything act like the regular season doesn't matter. Well, the regular season actually does matter because it sets up the playoffs and it determines the entire, you know, how we perceive these players as we match up and everything. So so yeah, that's just Unfortunately Zack that is a small Market bias problem that were probably going to deal with for a long time. She only so tweets and refs. Yep. I think we're all a little concerned that the Lakers the show time, especially in the Staples Center might get you know, they might get a little bit favorable treatment but can't really worry about that until the game comes Richard young Tweets in saying LeBron is having a nice season with another one of the what six or seven best players in the league. Assume, he's referring to Anthony Davis there Jonas is having a nice season with the middling All-Stars number two. He's referring to Chris Middleton. And as we just touched on Chris Milton is much more than a than a middling. Also. I think he's going to be consistent all start from here on out and he's Richard says you tell me who's the MVP this season so shelter Richard. I understand where you're coming from your huge on his Fanny think he's the MVP and we are right there with you. The evidence is overwhelmingly supporting your claim, but let's not forget at just how skilled just how Tactful Chris Middleton has been so you know, he's a perfect complement to be honest. Yanis has a little more physical Chris Milton's little more finesse. He pulls out the Kobe moves and Shout the Kobe R.I.P. Yanis has been pulling out that move from his bag since Jana there since hard and said he has no skill. He's doing the turnaround fadeaway jumper on the Baseline. It is absolutely silky its pristine. It's beautiful to watch. It's just a sight to behold. So look for some of that from Chris look for some of that from be honest. I'm sure they're aware of the implications of this game. Not just a Resurrection season game because it's really only one game but the entire narrative like this is why they play the game. This is why you get up in the regular season. There's 82 games. It's impossible to Value everyone the same and this one just might be the most valuable to the Box players. So I just want to thank everyone who submitted some questions. If we didn't get to your question, we try our best to get to everyone but keep send them our way for future podcasts and last but not least. I'm going to give you guys my prediction which is a 115 111 Milwaukee Bucks Victory and it is going to be similar to the game the Bucs played at the Staples Center last season if anyone remembers that where it was a very very very close game the Lake Ozark, Lon. Their way back into it and at the end of the game the Bucks just put their foot down and won the game which set the Sports World on Fire. It was a moment for ioannis that a lot of people said. Hey, this man is for real and I think it's going to be a very close game the Bucks could very well lose this game. There's never been more adversity that they're going to face in a regular season game in 2020 then right now so it's on the Lakers home court. But Brian, is there Anthony Davis is there. And they're not looking to lose. This is a finals preview make no mistake. The Lakers have separated themselves from the Clippers the box of separated themselves from the rest of the league and these teams are on a crash course. It's anybody's game in the Staples Center. I predict bucks and a close one. So that's going to do it for this edition of the icebox podcast. We just want to thank everyone for following us for listening in and we just want to remind you guys if you don't already check us out on Twitter like underscore box. We got a A box content lot of great yanis content anything that's happened with the box. You'll find it there. And if you enjoyed this podcast, please tell a friend, you know, it's how we grow. It's how we can deliver bigger better box content to you. So once again books fans will talk soon we out.