If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and as the business has been going for the past two months and I was so aligned and everything just came together every which way I asked for and more I have started to get bogged down with the intricacies of running the business and worrying about it and financials and the specifics the specifics of it are requiring Keener thought Gus from you specifics are and I have lost I feel like I've lost my alignment on the business and the bigger picture maybe for a minute but it's nothing significant. Don't say that either. In other words is perfectly natural thing. We see relationships and Empires and Enterprises. They have they amass hugely in your Vortex before you gather your first dollar or put your first nail in your first board in other words the Bigness of it is happened long before you start offering your action and it is a rather normal thing. It doesn't have to be but it's a rather normal thing that once you get into the physical involvement of this the manifestation of this thing that you've been dreaming about that the what you're observing could then compromise the clarity of your vibration and bog you down. Those are good words. I feel bogged down because you are vibrationally bogged down exactly. What you want to do is regroup and knowledge that you see through the contrasting you were living before you couldn't dream the dream big enough or specific enough to carry you forevermore. So it's logical that you dreamed it big enough to get us started. And now the living of it gives you contrast that causes you to dream it more and dream exactly. I mean, I drink so big and I got it so big and now I'm having trouble handling it. Well, you could say it in a different way. You could say I I I'm having a little bit of difficulty. Keeping up with the momentum of all of it, but I know that I have the ability to get in sync with the momentum of it momentum is the best word that we can offer in a conversation about vibration because your point of Attraction causes momentum. So you're you you brought momentum that was working for you. But now that you're in the throes of the reality your attention to unwanted things is causing some of that momentum to so there's a sort of momentum Some clashing what is wanted what is unwanted a sort of clashing? And so you just have to we're not kidding withdraw your attention from the parts that you do not want and when you do the resolutions and the solutions will occur to you. You want to talk some specifics? No, I don't there's not supposed to so many specifics. It's just over. All right, then then we want to give you something else because we can feel we haven't really reached you in the vibrational way that we want to and those of you who are listening in our understanding this and resonating with this to us sort of like an early analogy that we offered is that you live in a house and it's really not a very nice house and it's not where you want it to be and it's it it causes you to one house and and anything would really be better. Then where you are, and so that's what you get something that's better than where you were but it's still crappy and so you're not done. So if not, like you only had one shot at getting to where you want to be forever more you just you just got there and now you're regrouping and exploring more contrast. And so it's a very common thing to especially if you're looking for income and especially if you're looking for business Enterprise so very common thing. NG to before you have anything to push against to get pure in your place of attracting that and then to be standing in the middle of a lot of responsibility so then you begin feeling overwhelmed and that feeling of overwhelm month is is the feeling of blocking the energy that's flowing exactly what so so what you want to do is go General with it and say in the same way that this business was inspired to me and through me the solutions for accomplishing it with ease and joy Are coming to and I just need to chill out a little because here's something that we see for sure with you and with a lot of others and with Esther to at times you get so busy being busy that you don't do the basics. You don't do the things that really matter Esther used to say to Jerry all the time. I don't have time to meditate and I we used to rumble the heavens and laughter over that there's no heavens and there's no Rumble, but we laughed a lot. Well, there's no laughing, but you know what? I mean, I thought that was a very funny thing. I don't have time to do. The only thing that works I had so much. I had so much time to get a line to make this happen and it didn't happen and now I'm getting so bogged down and so worried and I just still have to find that time. Ye have to find that time because when you are bogged down, you're not getting anything making anything productively happen. That's what's happening. So you might as well just pull yourself away in an attitude of I'm just going to give myself some relief and release. Cause so here's some questions for you. Do you accept that you are the creator of your own reality? These are easier than others. I do. Do you accept that? that your business as it exists in your vortex. We really like this question. Okay. We're just going to savor it from you except that your business that is in your Vortex. But your vibrational reality business is bigger more profitable and way more fun way bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger than the business that you have so far allowed to actualize I do. Alright. So this is a really this is a really so so since the vortex version Is still not realized is it logical that part of what's not being realized by you are the people that will make it happen with ease? In other words, they're there is more for you to allow to flow into your experience that's going to give you the Fulfillment of that bigger more satisfying picture than what you're living so far because the way you presented it to us. It sounded like this Abraham. I wanted this business and I did really good at lying up with it and I got it and now I don't know what to do with it and we would say instead Abraham. I wanted this business and it was really big and really wonderful in lots of ways and I got part of it. Because I lined up pretty good with it. But there's a whole lot more that I still have to line up with but now I'm in the middle of it. I'm not doing as good a job of lining up with it as I was but I wasn't in the middle of it and we would say that to you relative to relationships to in other words when you're in the middle of them. So I want a relationship and I get a relationship and then I don't realize that it's a growing evolving thing your relationship with your business is a growing evolving thing every day. You make it bigger and everyday you have the personal responsibility. She isn't the perfect word but it's sort of kind of gets in the direction of what we want to go. You have the personal responsibility of lining up with the big Earnest that it has become you see so it isn't that you created a business and you got it and then it went off it's that you still haven't really lined up with the bigness of everything that you've put there and we say this you're going to like this. Sometimes we say to people well you collected a little better and you knew what you wanted and you got it and then you got more data. To create more and then you got that and then you got more contrast and data to create more. That's not what we're saying to you. We're saying to you you put a whole lot more in your Vortex to begin with then you have yet figured out how to let in and the factor that is tripping you up is your attention to what other people are doing or not doing. It's exactly right where if you will just focus on what you are doing in other words, it's all vibration. It's all vibration. It's all vibration. It's all vibration it. It's all vibration. It's only vibration. It's only vibration. It's only vibration. It's your vibrational relationship with your vision. It's your vibrational relationship with your vision and everything else will have to come into compliance with it provided. You don't let what you're observing structure and shatter your vibrato that because that's what brought me to this point and I want to make sure brings me to the next Point. That's where I got blocked that makes it easy because you've already been there and you've already done it so, you know exactly what to do I do but we acknowledge it is easier to do it in the Our space of less stuff going on around you. That's why I just want to make sure to do it again to keep it going. It's a pretty common thing for people that are looked on by the masses as having really accomplished. Greatly. It's a pretty common thing for them to be labeled a bit of a loner or even stubborn and uncompromising because you sort of have to get to yourself and make sure that you're in sync with you and then everything else Falls in place. And if you get too much other stuff going on then you jeopardize that alignment exactly lineman is arguing. Yeah, it's it's easy and this conversation this day-to-day helped many of you accomplish that that's the best thing about Gatherings like this is that when you sit and listen to us ramble with the Brilliance of everything that you all bring to this floor. Mmm, it allows you to practice for a rather consistent period of time a vibration that is resonant with what's in your voice. Hicks and so that's why you feel more hopeful you feel more expectant the energy gets moving and momentum starts showing itself to you and the part that you like the best and we liked it too is the Grid's filling in with more tangible things, which makes you feel more productive. We really will like it a lot when you get to the place that you feel productive when you move energy and affect your emotion and don't need the manifestation to show up in order to give you proof of your value or or creative prowess, but we're not trying to talk you out of manifestations. We just think that they sometimes slow you down and this is kind of what you're talking about. The manifestation of my dream is sort of slowing me down. Think about it a little the manifestations. My dream is sort of slowing me down. So I think I'm going to go dream it a little more. I'm going to I'm going to dream it a little more and and we would say that to all of you relative to your planet in general. You're you're giving so much attention to the what isness that you are losing sight of your dreams. And when you are giving so much attention to what is then you deprive yourself of the dream and life is that experience between the Isthmus and the dream have we conveyed that to you? That's where life is you think? It's the manifestation. It isn't it's the journey to the manifestation. But then that manifestation bounces you to another and another and another and another. So some questions and and you will do a good job of speaking on behalf of those who are listening in because you're right there. Why would anyone want a business of any kind? to make money for a sense of accomplishment certainly logical and a sense of accomplishment is certainly a part of it. But why would why would why would you why would you want it? Why would you want to show throw shiny beaded things into a wastebasket? Because because it's something to focus upon is a way to measure your ability. It's a way to engage with others in other words, it's fun. Yes, it is fun. So why would anyone want a business because it's it's fun what why so let's talk about the money part of it. Why is making money exhilarating? Because it gives you opportunity to do more things. But do you want to make money or do you want to provide an environment where a lot of people are making money? I wanted to provide an environment where a lot of which is more fun. You having money or a whole bunch of people getting money from the internet people making so so the upliftment of the business and the success of the business is not just for the money that comes to you is the money that moves around its money that moves around like the energy moves around and I think the money will always secondary when I started the business and I think that's why it's Being successful because it was always part of the first part was to have fun was to do it for the dream and to enjoy it. Well, that's what we met earlier right that all of those business enterprises before there's anything to worry about the energy flows more time. I started listening to you. I always had heard that it was I was really in line with that. So have we convinced you that we're talking to all of you, but if we convinced you that everything is about vibration absolutely convinced you that your emotion is about vibration. I'm so convinced on the when we need to get back. So when we talk about life wanting to be fun or wanting to be in love or wanting to feel good about this when we talk about those emotions, what are we really talking about vibrationally or energetically we're talking about alignment, aren't we? Yeah, we're not talking about action. We're talking about alignment. So here's a big question that we're putting out to all of you. Do you if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration check out our show know. oats