Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show.I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by me. We have extra shifts then place a recording it in one hit. I think I did it in like three or four little blocks before all that podcast news. I have started a Facebook page to find the Facebook page simply type Godmachine cast into Facebook on this page. I hope to present up to date news with a podcast and provide a place for me to post photos to complete the show, but this The Facebook page will allow people to message me via the Facebook Messenger to give me feedback and questions for the show just into that. I would like to request that everyone can share this podcast with their friends who wants to play Titanic has on that note. I'm available on these listening platforms. Anchor Spotify breaker Google podcasts Pocket Cast and radio public reviews on this platform will be great any positive review will help others find this show, so please go and leave some Native reviews. If you have negative reviews, please forward them to me directly and I will see what I can do about fixing the problem in the next few weeks. I'm hoping that the distribution through Apple podcasts catbox overcast and Stitcher will become available. If you use a podcast platform that I haven't referenced, please contact me again and I will see about what I can do to get my podcast on to that platform. Most of all shares likes and people talking about this podcast to their friends will go a long way to make this podcasters. Access and allow this community to grow and further develop at this time as the best way anyone can support this podcast. I hope eventually to have more time for distribution. But right now I need concentrate on creating content and learning how to edit properly. Now it's time for the news this last week that's been Fair bit of news about Titanic's from Games Workshop and a quickly review it as best. I can starting last Tuesday the new engine kill article dropped on the Wyoming community cite this article included previews of the new weapons for the are room or hound and they look pretty good. The article goes over in length about the rules and it's all pretty fun. The other than pictures of the models. There was nothing really new within the content later in the day. The writer of the engine kill article was on the twitch feed discussing the roadmap. These articles in the other Specialists games. He stated the plan is for a monthly article similar to the road of Thomas for the Horus heresy. Each article will include a preview of something new unreleased and just because it had been previewed does not mean it is up for release any time soon the twitch feed them once again talk through all the weapons and looked at the art and an interesting conversation about how the paint's you do probably made the art for the elite or Dax. It was at this point on the twitch stream that they talked about the twitch streams plans for another adapter satanic. Has campaign at some point this summer. I very much get the sense from watching the twitch stream that the Oedipus Titanic this game is one of the favorites of those in the Amish community Titanic is does have a habit of just being a conversation between friends and it goes on quite a bit more longer than other segments. But again the actual content in this truck, which cream is very limited and basically a repeater always in the why I'm a community article. So then Friday occurs and the big news of the week hits the new FAQ I'm dedicating next week's episode to this FAQ and talking through each of the rule. Changes and how I think it affects the game. So please if you have questions or comments about the FAQ changes, please get them into me before midweek though. I'll probably still be recording it on Monday morning. It's typically how it goes. Anyway, the big change has got everyone talking as the changes the acastus. We all knew it was coming. I mean the Caster's had been dominating the tables the last year since it was released. The change is focused on limiting the numbers that could be on the table and that Banner can only consist of now one or two acastus they can Only take one Banner / Lance or / manipal in an army the Caster's cannot be a part of a lance in a nice of household force. And basically we doubled its points its actual Firepower has remained untouched the community's reaction to this has been split as expected. Some people would have rather seen the weapons become weaker and the point stay where they were so we could see more of them on the table, but I get the feeling of majority are happy. These changes and finally in Games Workshop news Warhammer World announced they are conducting a second Titanic as event called The Crusade of iron which will be happening on June the 13th and 14th at the time of recording. It's being reported that this event has already sold out. This does not surprise me. I have a feeling that many of the people at Nottingham itself are going to be there and they probably brought tickets themselves as soon as it came available. I hope the continued popularity of such events will continue to propel them to do more and more and pay for some more scenery. I'm rather hoping this makes the Citadel try and do something over and the state's I'm only a three-hour Drive in the Citadel. So I'll be there in a heartbeat. And finally, I want to introduce a section of the show that's going to be talking about upcoming events around the world. If you have an a Titanic is for them to want to advertise it on this broadcast, please email and contact me on through the Facebook. I know many people post to Facebook about their events, but this way everyone will have a chance to hear it and it may not have been lost in the cluster of the algorithm. It was a final event in a series of combined Titanic as and Horus heresy events telling us Orry, I hope into future episodes for talk more about what they're doing down there. It seems pretty exciting right about now. I'm just seeing the Facebook post came in. There was a pretty big success. I just wanted to say that I wish I'd been able to make it out there very much hoping that the next event they run. I'll be able to get down there for the day, but I still think that's a few months away, but I'll probably speak about that some more as it's getting closer because I'll be pushing myself to get Titans completed for it. Okay, that about wraps up her the news and community events. Yeah till next. Week and now it's time for Community News Graham Hawkins contact me through Facebook and ask me a question. It's quite a large question. So I get transferring as best. I can he asks, I've got both the Grand Master and you start a boxset plus breathers and white hounds to make Axiom animals like to hear your opinions are weapon loadouts for each Titan class before I finish building the models. He says he's not tried magnetizing the smaller Titans yet an additional comment. He tells me he's planning on doing two Legions one loyal and one traitor. This question could be an episode in it. Off or even a series be honest Graham pretty off off of the refills fries podcast coverage of each tight and style as a good way to start getting a primer on that. I'm going to try and give a quick summary of what I would take for each Titan. Okay for the war hound, I'd probably recommend Vulcan Mega monsters. I'd probably do a Vulcan megabowl from one arm the plasma blasts can on the other arm. They are arguably the best to weapons. The war hounds can get the mega Bolter is great for stripping Shields and the plasma blasts can constrict Shields fairly well, but also, Can lay some serious hurt on enemy Titan and taking one of each is pretty much agreed to be the standard best build. You can do one or Hound that said I have a soft spot for the turbo laser Destroyer. I don't like running the with additional weapons, but a pair of them on the same Titan can turn a 102 pretty effective sniper will Hound has the speed and the turns to allow it to move around to keep that turbo laser Destroyer on the flanks of enemy Titans out of void The Inferno gun as fun as it sounds it's just not that great in the game at the I'm in tonight. You're taking a leisurely that specializes in it and within an axiom an apple. You're only running the to I wouldn't think there is a great place for it. I would have eyes in an axiom an apple to run one with Jolt of a laser destroyers and another with a Vulcan Mega Bolter and Plasma Blast gun think you'll find you don't break utility using both of them. Both Titans have an individual different role, but they both support each other fairly. Well Ideal World the war hound with the poker Mega Ball to closes strip Shields with a Vulcan megavolt. It does the first round of damage with the Plasma Blast gun. Allowing the turbo laser destroy War hounded Target fire and destroy that Titan. Next up is the rever it's a bit more complicated. There are a lot more options for good builds. And I'm going to worry about the carpets weapon ring as the friction fittings of the model allows you to switch these out fairly easily. So you don't need to worry too much about which one's your arm them with I just build and assemble and paint them all now as far as our weapons go the best weapon hands down. It's the melter Cannon and I definitely would run one of the two rivers in any Axiom to be armed with Delta Cannon the other arm on the melted Cannon Titan probably be should be a Gatling blaster or laser Blaster. Both of these are the ability to strip Shields or Target a location that's been hit by the melted Cannon to try and finish a Titan off. I would stay away from a volcano cannon in an axiom an apple. It doesn't really have a place the warlord is much better platform for that sort of weapon. Another solid build is to run a chain fist or a power fist along with a laser blaster or Gatling Blaster my First two rivers were a chain Fist and Gatling Blaster and then a laser Blaster and melt a cannon built. I found these two complement each other pretty well the laser Blaster and melted Revo was able to put a lot of engine kills out and the chain Fist and Gatling blasto used to get up into people's faces and really lay some hurt the glass blowing Blaster a surprisingly good weapon to combo with the chain fist, it gets plus one to hit at short range. So it doesn't suffer from the negative of switching. Weapon skill and when targeting at a location in the has already been hit by the chain fist is pretty good at finishing off Titans. Now as I mentioned to you in the actual chat, we had I would avoid glowing arms onto the wall or tighten even though I'm not a huge advocate of magnetization the wallet. I think it is just crying out for it. There are too many weapon options and you just want to be able to change the weapons up. I hope that helps them at least from a thousand foot view. I know the actual weapon Choice maybe of be fine-tuned by wouldn't you know what Legions you're doing? Ink severally Gio's get bonuses on certain types of weapons. And if you decide to go for one of those I would lay into using those upgrades where you can because it really will help if you're just getting into the game. It may be useful just to play a few games with what no weapons attached to the arms of the Titans you so you can get a feel for what weapons you like enjoyment of the game should always come before what is mathematically Superior. Well, I hope that counts he was the only real question I got in this week, which is fine. I did get a few other emails and comments. Give me support. Been doing and one that even has dictated how exactly I'm going to discuss the matter pulls in this episode individual on the disk or Channel wanted me to talk more about what my favorite maniples were. So included that in the mate in the main episode part these continue to send me emails or message me through the Facebook page and I can further answer questions in future episodes. Thank you. Well, I guess it's about time for me to quickly go over what I'm doing in the hobby this week. The answer is not much as I mentioned in the opening of the show. It has been pretty crazy this week. Someone left my job. And suddenly I've had to pick up a lot of space shifts and the main topic of this podcast drew a little larger than I was originally planning that said I pulled for buildings out of my city box and started painting them. I was able to complete the grayscale process on all four buildings. And then on one of the larger ones as able to go through and all the metallics the windows and get the roofs. It's finished. I'm going to finish applying some washers and picking out a few more of the little details. But I should be able to finish that single building here by the end of the weekend before this podcast is released. But that depends on work. I have a feeling I won't get around to getting it done. But that's fine these things happen and I need to take my time and enjoy painting these buildings. My plan for this upcoming week is to go back to these models finish the three remaining buildings and returned to the wall or titrant the week before just to double check that I didn't miss anything and finish any missing parts if a miracle happens and I'm able to finish them all. I'll probably pick up one of the reavers and start work on trying to get it finished. Probably the jewel volcano Cannon Reaver as its arms of had to be separated from the main model and getting it fixed. Will I would get it back on the table? The government in cast is brought to you by anchor last year the idea for this podcast was born yet. I was able to find the recording tools that worked and the challenges of distribution of these casts that like just too much work but then I discovered anchor they had done the hard work the app that I was able to download my phone and of the recording and the editing the even have an in-app podcast that talks you through the process of making your own. Franca is bold need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. The basic strategy and Titanic has this is going to be an occasional segment of the show where I talk for a moment on some of the Tactical truths of the game. The aim of this segment is to break the discussion of this idea away from other conversations when in a show I feel like I'm going to be discussing idea that requires an understanding of what I consider a cork on strategic concept. I will try and include one of these primers. To ensure that everyone listening understands the vernacular I'm using in this episode. I want to talk about what I refer to as the activation catch-22. It is present in all alternate activation wargaming and can be simply described with this paradox. In most situations you want to move your units last and fire them before your opponent does or to put it another way the tighten that lines it shots up last and fires first is in the best position to do the most damage in return. If you line up a shot with a Titan on a Titan that has yet to activate the chances are when it comes to activate that type in the shooting phase that Tycoon will not have a target an equally the last tightened activate in the shooting phase has had the highest chance of being shot to a Into where it is no longer able to return fire now orders disrupt this Paradox charging and first fire mean that you're always wanting to attack. So activating a Titan first becomes always a priority and other orders that mean you skip a phase completely change this Dynamic but despite this there are many ways. You can combine activations or spread activations out throughout a turn the way these abilities interact with this activation Paradox is key to understanding their use and and Strategic Benefit or even liability in future episodes. I may go into this problem in more depth, but for now just stating that this is a thing will do for discussions later in the show. Welcome to the primary section the show this section of the show is referred to as managing menopause as what the title of the episode come from. I'm going to briefly review every man upon this game. I'm going to go over the basics of the mandible and then going to describe my thoughts on the manifold each maniple was separated by a small little bit of music so you can tell where Mom and I pull starts the other one begins. This is a very brief overview, but I was asked what my favorite Mana pool was and I felt that I couldn't answer this question without reviewing them all this will A touchstone of future episodes where I will come back to this episode and refer to maniples as I dig deeper into other topics of discussion. The first manifold we looking at today is the Axiom battle line manifold the description of the manifold follows. The Axiom an apple is one of those sacred and considered manipal configurations. It is both numerologically and strategically balanced capable of dealing with almost any threat is mandatory components are a warlord battle tighten one Reverb battle tighten and one more round Scout Titan short components include one reader battle Titan and one will hand Scout, Titan, Malhotra. Eight is the might of the under sire. If you fail a command check when an order is issued in the strategy phase orders can still be issued to the rest of the manipal command checks must be made for each this simply put is the most forgiving manipal in the game. Although it does not guarantee that a Titan will get orders. It allows you to do orders in any order. It does not matter if you fail you can always continue to roll the other Titans because of this and the actual balance of the components. I rate this as a good man upon and is probably one of the best maniples to start. When you're first learning the game it is quick and easy to use just forgiving of early tactical mistakes to Medical trade isn't as good as others. It is sufficient to get you through most games. The next man apply will discuss is the myrmidon battle-line manipal from the core book the description for this reads. There are very few enemies. You can hope to stand against the might of the mode on manipal comprising at the mightiest battle titers it both sufficient Firepower to damage even a cruiser in love. It behalf monopole consists of two wall or Titans and a Reaver with expanding to the for manipal being an additional warlord and Reaver the trait you gain for this manifold is called overwhelming Firepower when issuing the first fire or split fire order Titans from this manner poem the command check will always succeed in a role of 2 plus regardless of modifiers. I consider this manifold to be fairly mediocre to be honest. The ability to pass the checks on a 2 plus it's only a 10% Improvement for the warlord and a 20% Improvement but the reaper and the amount of abilities that apply negatives to command checks are fairly low now the ability to take a legal battle line force with three wall or Titans and to revisit cannot be discounted but these days there are other maniples the get you clothes and to be honest. You probably can get away with taking a different. Cheaper monopole and then having an additional warlord attached said I'm sure that will be in the future reasons to take a 2 plus without modification test as the rules develop and that becomes more modifiers to order checks. I can see this manipal gaining additional power. But right now we're at the game currently stands. I think it'd be wise to look towards other maniples in its place. Finally from the core book The Last manipal the then at all like manipal. The description is the following were other monopoles favor Firepower and brute strength to overcome the pho then at or manipal puts emphasis on speed and opportunities stick attack this manopause them mandatory requirements of one reader battle tighten and to war hound Scouts with an optional tool whole what happened Scouts the manipal tray for this one is an opportunity stick strike. If an enemy unit Shields Collapse by an attack made by a wall Hound Titan from this manner Palm the Reaver tighten in this manifold can immediately attack against it with one of his weapons following the combat sequences describe. Normally. This means the river can have potentially attack several times in the same phase as well as attacking normally when it is activated. However, if the river represented from attacking in the combat phase it cannot make these bonus attacks this manipal has serious trouble with activations. It is very Easy to turn this into a to activation manipal with all the war Hounds in one and the Reaver in the second as described in the earlier segment. This can be a significant disadvantage in the movement phase that said the actual manipal trait is incredible with the correct set up a Reaver. Titan can do some serious work shooting down the recently popped Titans, but because of the low activation score for this manifold I can only write this as a good manipal. Is about the same as an axiom or a skilled player can use it to produce great things that said one of the best advantages that this manipal is that it is fairly cheap to take you can easily run this and another man a pole in the same list and with the correct support the issues with activations can be gated with the arrival of the shock glance as a weapon for the war hound. It suddenly becomes possible to easily pop Shields with a row. with a war wound and I could easily imagine one of these doing some serious work by taking advantage of eligio trait would allow you to switch out a Titan many possibilities become possible that this manipal Next up is the red sheer battle line manipal its description is the follow dunk formations, utilizing a paired wall or Titans are commonplace in many tragedies of the Leisure to Danica the regular battle. I'm Ana Paula is perhaps the oldest of these based upon the ancient concept of a king and queen and their Court the mandatory components of this manipal are two warlord Titans and one walk around with an optional of two additional War hounds The Manimal trait is referred to as the Royal Court the to or Titans within its matter. Represent the king and queen whose role is to support each other in battle while the king queen or within 12 each other. It was successfully gains an order the other May gain the same order without the need to pass a command check the war House of the courtiers whose relatives are still the king queen the courteous can merge their void shield with the king and queen as if they were part of the same manipal in addition courtiers, May remove murder the void Shields either of the king of the queen while within 3 inches them rather than willing basic contact as I stated in my last episode. I don't rate this man up all that high. Lee although on paper it provides a great basis for some durable tightens the ability to merge void Shields between the or courtiers and the king and the queen provide a really solid Fortress becomes rather easy to destroy these Titans with their Shields come down. Its formation does force you to try and play in a close proximity to one another now as anyone who's played Titanic is for any length of time knows to tighten standings week for the when one dies is a risky proposition of the nearby tighten this manipal. You to keep all your Titans in a very close proximity. Should one of these Warlords go up in a spectacular fashion. Suddenly. You're losing a lot more than just single tighten with one engine kill additionally by taking three War hounds you are probably encouraged run them all as a single unit. And while unit of three War hounds is good. You are looking at a three activation list as it is pretty expensive by running the to war firewall or Titans now in the right conditions with the right additional supporting units, this can be the fundamental block. a pretty scary list By itself. It is a fairly weak formation and worse when combined with some Lee ji OHS that have better repair rolls. It can be immensely frustrating for everyone involved as initially you'll take a long time to bring the boys Shields down because equally frustrating for the player playing the Regio one step forward Shields go down and suddenly they start losing a lot of Titans very quickly. The next part of our discussion is because say about line manifold its description reads the course a battle. I'm an apple a built around a radio in Doctrine is Titans are chosen for both a speed Firepower and the versatility of the reavers Lend themselves to this role Swift enough to extract itself from danger but tough enough to win a protracted battle and every component of this manipal are three Riva Titans with an additional two rivers to bring It full strength its manifold trait is fighting with rural this ability allows them to move in any direction. Normal speed cannot use a boosted speed when moving outside the front Arc is an immensely powerful ability and I actually think the Corsair battle. I'm an apple is the best manipal in the game though. The rules aren't flashy the ability to move sidewards and reposition easily cannot be understated becomes possible to pull off some truly impressive maneuvering you can sidestep six inches backwards and then make a small pivot and then push forward push reactors to push an extra three inches to a different direction. This gives the Reaver more maneuverability. T than a war wound well put together a list can easily outmaneuver anything else on the table and the power of this ability can own can be increased additionally with the lead roles that allows you to swap Titans out as key in the description of this battle. I'm an apple is that it says Titans in the monopole not Riva tightens the next medical if the generous Airy battle line manacle its description is the following. During the Great Crusade Titans were often supported by large number of nights and was Doris banners janissary battle line monopoles were developed to fill this role bringing a mix of War engines and Crews skilled fighting alongside household units the mandatory components this manifold r1r either tighten and to war hounds with the additional components of an additional war hound and additional Reaver to manifold trait is close support Essence. When you activate a Titan in the movement phase you may choose to also activate a banner within six inches of a tight. It's additional activation only occurs in the movement phase. And that is the shortcoming of this matter for the ability to Jewel activate units would be really useful in the shooting Pace as discussed earlier search you'll activation in the movement phase is a liability and only adds to small amount of bonus. If you're using specific orders, like first fire or charge because of this I actually think the janissary battle I mandible is the worst manipal in the game. Now there can be an argument to use this manner but alongside some Casters night banners, but with the recent nerves to the acastus. I'm not sure if that will get much Play Because by the time you filled out this manifold and the acastus you will be looking at as not having enough points to fill in any additional abilities. It should be noted that due to how the Mana pool traitors worded. It is possible to have the whole pack of war hound simultaneously activate and at fate three additional banners in that first term, so you have six charging units of the top of the movement phase. Getting that lined up and getting everything working is the real Crux of the problem and the trade-off is barely having any activations to outmaneuver your opponent due to the lack of durability of anything on the table. You really need to be able to maneuver with this list. The final manifold and tighten death is elliptical like manipal its description is the fault was it is unclear if elliptical like manipal existed before the horse took command of the great Crusade and it's heightened Legions. However, its Effectiveness was that even after horses betrayal to the emperor both sides continue to use it extensively in battle. It's mandatory component are three warring Titans and it's optional component an additional two why I'm tightens its malleable trait is Pack working closely together the wound tightens around and pick up those many times their size at the beginning of each round any or all of the war hounds within the manipal may be formed into a squadron with other members of them out of all these squadrons lasts until the end of The Round In addition when making a coordinated strike or Hounds in as manipal ADD plus 2 to any roles that you make rather than plus 1 this is a good and very strong menopause. Not only does it make all the Titans. More effective when combined it allows flexibility to to allow the player to control the number of activations. They have in the early stages of the game. This unit can be great to allow you to have multiple activations and there are the end you can decrease the number activations allow you to Target people more effectively in the shooting phase. Although theoretically this can be a single activation you unit the power in the ability to swing between 1 to 5 cannot be understated. And for many of the leaders the specialize in the war and tighten this matter will becomes an extra tool in their toolbox. The next man up. I'm looking at this Adamas Battle Force manifold to the manifold that was found in the February 2009 teen white dwarf is description reads many leaders with vessel houses great special formations within their battle groups by merging night banners and tighten maniples known as the Dominus Battle Force malleable. It allows passel night statute offer closer Port two Titans while often shielding them with a holes in incoming fire the mandatory component of this manner pull our one wall or tighten to Reaver battle Titans and one unit of Lester's what's restless nights? There are two traits that for this man up or I'm going to summarize them as the actual text is fairly long. The first manacle trait is called aspects baffle has basically if a Titan in this manifold is targeted by an attack from the weapon that can also see the same night Banner from this manifold and the night Banner is within six inches of the Titan and the shot does not come with from within two inches of the Titan that's attack surface an additional -1 to hit the night Banner does not get any benefit of cover. Throughout the entire game Additionally the second rule is called Noble sacrifice basically should a hit actually make it through the noble sacrifice special or means you may move the hit to a night Firestorm weapons ignore this rule. I actually really like this manipal. I really like this manipal for many reasons initially. The warlord into reavers are actually pretty good basis for any battle group and taking a screening unit of nights is a good way to add survivability to these already durable Titans. I see Lisa using this erastus night in this manipal the taking cheap. Chris Torres nights just to add that extra bit of protection for the warlord is probably a good thing. I wouldn't say. This is great formation. But is it there with the Axiom manipal as a good solid manipal? I also want to add this is everything the janissary manifold which is it was the actual effects are unique. They add something to the game and gives you a defined advantage that is easy to use. I really wish this had been the janissary manipal and the Genesee menopause. One found in the white dwarf as due to its availability. I don't expect to see many people using it. If you haven't got the white dwarf I recommend try to track it down. It is useful to have in a tank complete collection. I do believe there are ways to get this digitally still though. I need to double-check. Moving to the Doom of multi-book. The next manifold is the fort is Battle. I'd manipal the description of this manipal is the following Titans are mobile Fortress has as formidable as to bring down any readout of Steel and stone the fortas bathroom an apple was created as a defensive formation around heightens the resist assaults from numerically Superior pose or the mass Firepower of enemy War engines the mandatory components for this manipal are one wall or tighten and to read this with the optional. Don't of an additional warlord and additional Beaver its manifold trait is Titanic Fortress providing two titles in this manner pool are in based contact and neither have moved pythons ignore all our modifiers of resources structural damage or flank and rear attacks in addition the manifold members May merge their voice Shields. This is a very powerful formation would like the Regio which forces you to Castle everything in one group. This manner pulled can work is to separate attachments ability to resist additional armor. Some structural damage and flank and rear is really really useful as even once you're through the void Shield of the Titan it gets no easier to destroy a Titan with Progressive shooting at it. This will disrupt many of your opponent's plans. There's generally an opponent will try and focus fire on that item first removing Shields with Shield strippers and then using high strength weapons to open and location up before finishing it off with snipers first. You're going to need additional Shield strippers to bring down the Merge voice Shields of Titans and you have to rely solely on the high-strength Weaponry to break through the armored shells that Gatling blasted the you were hoping to get that plus 2 or plus 3 on 2 able to penetrate the body section is not going to cut it as you may have guessed. I rate this as one of the better maniples in the game. It is in my top three. The next manifold we looked at is the ferox like manipal. The description of this medical is the following. The description is the following. The college Titanic is detachable Doctrine teaches at the lighter Titans must either support larger Titans or mass their powers from the safety of cover ferrets, like manipal subscribes for different tactical school of thought striding in close for a quick and destructive kills mandatory component of this manipal is one R either and to war hounds the additional components being another Reaver another war hound. The manipal trait is night Fighters. When a Titan is within a Target scale. They add 1/4 armor roles that any attacks to damage additionally Titans in this manner pool may choose whether to use their weapon skill or ballistic skill when into inches of an enemy when combined with close combat Titans this manipal is all about getting in there and causing a lot of damage. Additionally the psychological element of this manifold is pretty high the idea of all these types of running forward and getting really in close with you is surprising to many players expecting time. It's useful diminish right now. It's kind of kind of fun to play The remaining manifolds are all from the Shadow and iron supplement the first manifold in this book is the canis light manipal. I'll summarize this at greater length. When I cover the leader award acts the canis like medical is only to be used by leave your decks. It is composed of between 3 to 5, what hounds and allows War hounds deploy an ambush. It is really kind of fun. But again is hyper specialized by being used with Alicia or tax and he's be considered with the full abilities of their rules. So I'll look at that in the future despite that I will say aye. This is a very good manipal manifold be very scary with a few of the early Joe traits that are available. So I'm pretty glad there's limited to lead your vortex. And that brings us to the Arcus battle. I manifold the description follows a rarely observed manipal the artists battle. I'm an apple were used against mobile. Enemy fortresses relying on Fast get to encircle the foe with the direct to indirect the greater Firepower of the war bring a nemesis Titan. There's maniples consists of a nemesis will bring a Titan and 2 to 4 or how and tightens its manifold trait is coordinated relay, which allows Nemesis will bring a Titan to file. It's weapons in an indirect manner in addition blasts weapons from this type. The word emesis will only scattered D6 rather than t 10 inches. I was sure this man Applewood to have an FAQ attached to only allow the car pays weapon on the Nemesis to fire indirect turns out I was wrong but we'll see what happens in the future. I think this manifold is pretty good. It's fairly cheap if you just take it as a single Nemesis with the to war hounds and I could see running to two of these manacles at the same time to give if the Nemesis Firepower that extra oomph it can suffer from a loss of activations if you start consolidating the war homes into packs, but there are some Lee ji OHS that will make really good use of the manipal Leisure. Salaria jumps to mind is one that could make the war hound particularly annoying to fight against overall as it stands at the moment. This is a pretty good manipal. I wouldn't put it in the top three, but it's a very strong contender. Next up is the rupture battle. I'm an apple. It's description follows the rupture battle. I'm Ana Paula performed a break over the most Hardy fortifications is fast elements using every breach created by the war Bringers dripper for a counteract could be organized this manipal consists of two War Bringers and one Reaver with an optional an additional Two Rivers. Its Mana pool trait is called artillery Bastion once per round Arriva tighten in this manifold can declare power to locomotives without pushing their reactor in addition when an enemy suffered catastrophic damage as a result of the war bring an emphasis type in the manifold. Each rever tighten this manifold can easily make a move as who was the movement phase unless prevented to do. So by some other outstanding rule. This is a very powerful manipal. I rate this as perhaps one of the best in the game Rivas want to get in close to the enemy and this manipal lets you do exactly that the Nemesis brings enough Firepower to quickly dispatch. Enemy Titans again allowing beavers to move quicker up the table additionally as the reavers are moving as if it was the movement phase. Or even with a charge order attached gets to charge again, which can later lead to some brilliant double moving position areva, right? It will be careening through the enemy's lines making close combat attacks continually. So it will be hard to pull off regularly when it happens. It will look really good and quickly when you the game. Finally the last manipal we will cover is the man Adam battle. I manifolds the description follows the maximum battle. I manopause rely on intricate battle plans dictated by the warlord's precepts overseeing its absorbent or hounds into the perfect positions. The mandatory components are 1 warlord and to will hounds with additional to war hounds that can be added manipal trait is packmaster. As long as the wound tight and for this manifold is on the battlefield or home Titans is expandable ad to to the results of command checks when issuing orders in addition the wound Titans add +1 to hit for attacks made against units within 12 inches of the warlord tighten. This is an easy manipal to replace the Axiom with it works in a very similar form giving the additional command benefits plus the sneaky plus want to hit on the war hounds isn't to be overlooked additionally any lie geo with it has ability to make weapons better will make even better. So that manipal it can be used pretty cheaply and the supported by additional maniples in future episodes. I will look at how I could make some lists using some of these manacles but I get a feeling that a warlord and to war hounds be pretty cheap less to go against another cheap manipal to a compliment that make together. I feel this particular formation is ideal to attach a side item to and I will go into further discussions of this when I cover site I items in the future It's that about wraps up my overview of maniples, but I wanted to have some closing thoughts before I sign out for the day by far. My favorite Titans are the fortas ferox course Asia, but I think the rupture manipal will quickly grow into a favorite as well. All these manacles allow you to do something that you generally cannot do by the standard rules from ignoring flank bonuses or coming up with unique ways to move the read the Titans and although other manipal may have flashier rules. I have to say my favorite of all these is the or say it's bonuses is such a simple rule that you can easily remember it and you aren't going to suddenly forget the additional plus one to hit or something in the middle of the game and due to the wording of the error and apple it can you can easily swap other Titans out if you lead your allows it which allows us to exciting combinations that said, I think I like the Corsair because of his it's similar to my play style. It's how I like to play many of my games getting close and outmaneuver now, so the worst manipal I think that has to go to the janissary. It's very poorly thought out if the manifold allows you to activate simultaneously in the shooting phase. I'm feeling this man up will be very very powerful, but it doesn't and the fact the matter Paul does not contain an option for a heavier. Titan means you're pushing for a lighter Titans, and there are much better light Titan maniples than the janissary that said, I'd love to hear your feedback on my reviews on this. Please email me or message me on Facebook if you have different ideas. As always more than happy to start a discussion on this sort of stuff and I hope this long conversation going through all 14 maniples. Haven't been too boring for folks, but I hope it will work. Well as a primer as I build into more strategy into the future. Well that about wraps it up for this episode. If you have questions you wish to include with the next episode. Please email me at God dot engine dot Caster gmail.com. People message me through the Facebook page got engine cast on Facebook. I'm aiming for next week's show to cover a detailed discussion of the new FAQ. It's quite a lengthy document by hope. There's enough content there to get me through the 20 minutes and we want to talk but until next time I wish you well and good fortune. The governing podcast is covered by the Creative Commons license attribution non-commercial. No derivatives 4.0. Thank you for listening.