Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th 1951 in a New York federal court room The Rosenberg trial captivated audiences all over the world, but particularly in New York members of the press struggled to Wade through the crowd of Spectators who spilled out of the court room down the hallway and outside onto the steps of the courthouse. No one outside the courtroom would be able to see or hear what was happening inside, but everyone wanted to be present for the trial that sharply divided the American public. The prosecution's star witness David Greenglass had worked on the Manhattan Project tasked with creating an atomic bomb. He too was charged with Espionage alongside the other major defendants. He was also Ethel rosenberg's brother Greenglass looked uncertain as he entered the court his weight has fluctuated considerably as the trial neared leading up to his appearance in court as the prosecution's star Witness. Against the rosenbergs a reflection of the stress. He must have felt over his sister's fate and his own the prosecution had offered Greenglass a deal A reduced sentence and no risk of the death penalty in exchange for testifying against his sister and brother-in-law. All eyes were on David Greenglass as he took the witness stand he testified that Ethel and Julius were communist sympathizers who had once been members of the u.s. Communist Party. He claimed that once Ethel had learned about his work on the Secret Manhattan Project in 1944. His sister began asking him for information about the Bomb by that time according to Greenglass. Julius Rosenberg had started working directly for the Soviet Union. As a top secret informant most damning of all Greenglass testified that in 1945. He delivered sketches of components from the atomic bomb to Julia's knowing that Julius would in turn deliver the information to his Soviet contacts, but the sketches from Greenglass were in enough for Julius. He wanted a more detailed description of the work that Green Glass was doing at the Los Alamos Laboratory. Greenglass compiled several Pages worth of notes and two lists for Julius the first contained the names of the scientists working on the bomb and the second named individuals. He thought might be persuaded to perform covert Espionage work for the Soviet Union. Most of the testimony Greenglass delivered was aimed at his brother-in-law Julius Rosenberg, but when the time came Greenglass also implicated his sister Ethel According to Greenglass Ethel Rosenberg typed up the notes that he had brought to Julius while all three were together Julius and Green Glass clarified typos, while Ethel allegedly produced the final document that ended up in Russian hands. Coming up the rosenbergs take the witness stand and the court delivers a verdict now back to the story on March 6 1951 35 year old Ethel Rosenberg and her husband 32 year-old Julius stood trial for conspiracy to commit Espionage against the United States David Greenglass the star witness for the prosecution and Ethel rosenberg's brother accepted a deal. From prosecutors in exchange for his testimony Greenglass told the court that the rosenbergs had organised an extensive network of spies working at various levels of government to help the Soviet Union build their own atomic bomb after Greenglass finished testifying Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were allowed their turn on the witness stand both categorically denied every allegation that Greenglass had made against them. Insisting that neither of them knew anything about green glasses secretive work in the Los Alamos laboratory. When asked which country he felt an allegiance to Julia's responded. I am in favor hardly in favor of our Constitution and Bill of Rights and I owe my allegiance to my country at all times, but when the prosecution asked questions about the rosenbergs membership in the Communist party and their attitudes towards the Soviet, Both Julius and Ethel refuse to answer several questions on the grounds that their response is could potentially be incriminating. This refusal played right into the prosecution's argument it made the rosenbergs look suspicious in the eyes of the jury because the charge was conspiracy to commit Espionage and not necessarily Espionage itself. The prosecution didn't need to produce any tangible evidence just enough testimony against the rosenbergs to convince the jury that the rosenbergs had organized the operation the trial. Lasted just over three weeks and the jury deliberated for six and a half hours on March 29 1951. They delivered their verdict Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were both found guilty of conspiracy to commit Espionage against the United States a week after the jury delivered a guilty verdict judge Irving Kaufman handed down the rosenbergs sentence. death Judge, Kaufman Justified this severe punishment by saying I consider your crime worse than murder. He told the rosenbergs that he believed their actions had helped speed up the Soviets development of an atomic bomb and that their efforts quote undoubtedly have altered the course of history to the disadvantage of our country a now famous photograph was taken of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. Just before being transported from court in the photo. The two are kissing deeply with Julius has handcuffed arms embracing his wife's shoulders from above the couple look stoic but not afraid if they had any anxiety about their fate. It doesn't show in the existing photographs or in the letters that the rosenbergs wrote to one another from their separate prison cells on April 10th. 51 Julius wrote to Ethel that he believed they were better people for having stood confidently and courageously throughout their trial and sentencing. It seemed that others outside the judicial system agreed with him across Europe everyone from artists and scientists to Pope Pius the 12th rallied in support of the rosenbergs. The pope made a direct request to President Dwight D Eisenhower to let Julius and Ethel live in United States over five thousand protesters assembled at New York's Union Square in their defense much larger crowds gathered outside the White House hoping to convince President Eisenhower to spare Julius and Ethel. Even world-renowned scientist J Robert Oppenheimer who actually developed the atomic bomb and led the Los Alamos. Laboratory were David Greenglass worked came to the rosenbergs defense Oppenheimer claimed that there was no elusive secret to the atomic bomb that Julia's could have stolen for the Soviets other scientists similarly defended the rosenbergs arguing that any plans Greenglass and Julius might have stolen were U.s. Send incomplete. If not downright incorrect in their calculations. In other words, even if the rosenbergs were guilty. Their efforts couldn't have been instrumental in the Soviet Union developing their first nuclear weapons, despite extensive push back across the world. No one could convince President Eisenhower to spare the lives of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. They were executed. At Sing Sing prison on June 19 1953 becoming the first American civilians in US history to face capital punishment on Espionage charges. The rosenbergs did not deliver any final words, but they maintained their innocence to the day they died. Ethel's Brother David Greenglass was sentenced to 15 years in prison. Harry gold a u.s. Chemist who served as one of Julian's fellow contacts with the Soviets was sentenced to 30 years Morton sobell an electrical engineer tried as part of the conspiracy ring was also sentenced to 30 years in prison. So Bell had maintained his innocence for decades after the trial however in a Revelation to the New York Times in 2008. So Bell admitted that he had in fact shared US military secrets with the Soviet Union. So Bell also confirmed that Julius Rosenberg shared military secrets with the Soviet government but claimed that Ethel Rosenberg was innocent. So Bell said of Ethel quote she knew what he was doing. But what was she guilty of of of being julius's wife Thanks for listening to today and True Crime. I'm Vanessa Richardson. If you'd like to learn more about the rosenbergs, listen to the episodes of the park has to original Espionage which dive deeper into their story today. And True Crime is a par cast original. You can find more episodes of today and True Crime and all other park has to Regionals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today and true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners. You will allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will be back with a brand. and new episode tomorrow in True Crime Today and True Crime was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original. It is executive produced by Max coupler sound design by Andy weights with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson this episode of today in True Crime was written by Brian Petrus with writing assistance by Nora Battelle. I'm Vanessa Richardson.