Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million.In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson still there. You must be one of the last people left with sigurdsson. Why because he's not rubbish. Is that a terrible season for sigurdsson? Nerds. Yeah, but you know you kind of binds in a free-kick every now and again, he doesn't hit the post last week Danny. Yeah, but I was explaining that the reason why I don't have many points this week is because Edison said Bernardo agüero Obama anchors, their game was rescheduled against Man City. All those fellows didn't even play your Captain's on the bench. So he wasn't playing Captain is always on the bench and Stevens don't know why you're you got a very conventional actually the fee there too. Yeah Dorothy Ann Stevens here I tried - guys into the team if I can but there's not a lot of them are on the Premier League at the moment. She said long scored the other week with his Johnson and Order. Maybe I mean you see me can begin your captain mix up the Irish guards British. I was going to say I cannot agree - I do like relish but unfortunately, he's one of these there's a lot of good players aren't there out there who just you just don't do the business and fantasy. So you watch them in the flesh and then you watch that match that ended really nice stuff. But like it's worthless, you know, because what use is doing a dribble and then hit somebody else and then they cross for the golden whatever. You know, let's see. It's smoked salmon affect the Menominee affect your Michael. Layla was always bad for that back. For every McHale as well. Yeah, we just spend this 45 minutes. Just listing plays. You must be enjoying car balloons Supremacy, but see I feel Vindicated from Calgary Luna. I've started in season and I just knew the way finished last season for everything. I just knew he was going to go. I think I thought he was only got stratospheric this year and I think I saw something there's only one goal between Manny and salads combined total enrich our lesson and convolutions goal taught this year. I am I right with that. We got 13 goals this season discovered her and yeah fantastic light and I think if you checked his ex she's probably worth maybe a little bit more than that, and I think he will Lynn to when he settles into the player is going to be coming to be at a higher level than he is right. Now. I can see him, you know canes injury problems. Whatever bring that I can see him becoming of England Centre forward over the next 12-18 months. Yeah, get gone to a better Club than ever that I think you look at what happened with what Lukaku scored all those goals at Everton then moves on to my United those do the business an injury, but I actually think Albert loon is a better all-around player than the car could watch movies at Everton Lukaku was there to be serviced and he would put the ball in the net words that just in cover Tony's got so much more to his game. Now. This wasn't being borne out in his fantasy football table. Us for a long time because there's always only so many times you can go to matches go. I really like the way he flicks that ball on, you know, it's not going to be worth about in fantasy or holding the ball up but now he's adding those goals to his game. He's got a world-class manager and I shall love you. Yeah, like I said, I think cut balloon I was on the guy was all on board the cover Lewin hype train before it even left the station. Yeah, you called it earlier. You got the early bird tickets in you for that. They've just embodies the fact that he's flying at the moment is you don't score goals like he scored against If you're in bad form incredible incredible as well. As he did, you know, I can't believe that Everton fans and ancelotti were getting sore about that goal. Of course, it's offside nor did the guy's lying on the ground and then he dummies the ball and it goes in. I mean, it's ridiculous. I think they were just putting on a show like you know that Australian referee when Tom I joined you just go over and try and sell the VAR. It's good. That's essentially what I'm sure that he was doing. These are no it was offside, but I need to look like a really care. So the Everton fans adopt me as one of their own and then he gets sent off and get up. Ya job done folklore. What was he saying to the referee that going to get because I could see the reference is taking it at first wasn't he was like, yeah. Okay. Okay, right that's enough now you're off to rest. Being like Kane vs you to take it and just been saying just probably telling each other a joke or saying what they're having for tea from that. Yeah, and then Angeles is going to sell this you sell you some me off. I'm folklore. Okay, David Works day was quite early on the Cavalry were trained in our I was yeah happy me after I was in the first time and it really copy up' because like you're not really someone that I associate with fantasy. Ball, I think I would say your knowledge on the game in general, but I was probably copying someone else higher up the table in FPL. Yeah, which Pete was last time? Yeah, but I haven't actually checked those act. It was actually above me. I was but I've been trying really hard. These are just very nice on just a little bit. I'm just kind of I've made a concerted effort to catch you up on her. Yeah, our regulations will know that Dave was closing in on me. And now he's three points three points off me. Come on spent almost all season at the bottom of the table is now just potentially one game week away from usurping me in second place first place is now a distant Sam's distantly ahead of all of us. He's still find it. I think it's brilliant and it's really cute though. YouTube just got this little personal battle going on now and that's enough to give you that. Well, we need to sign in the first place is out of the question. You've won it's fine. We've accepted it Rover it but we just don't want that Wooden Spoons which less than a hundred points the Gap now so well like 98 off. Yeah, it's not over the only hope for us is you completely bailing in that week where the FA Cup quarter-finals because you use your free hit I haven't used my free hit. So I'm going to absolutely make hay in that week go crazy and just jamming all the players of the five matches that going to be left to play Dave I can. Who have him as well? He's used his free hit. Yep. He's a bit. I've only got the bench boost left. See I don't think you will cause even if I only have six players that we six players that you'll probably have so you'll be relying on like, I don't know a West Ham defend it to try and whore back a hundred points against me Atlee clapping. Well, well, I guess we'll see I the thing with the three here is obviously you can't really Tinker around with the team until it comes to it. We've got two and a half weeks until or two weeks until we can start playing around with it. The moment that the fixtures do look pretty bleak from a fancy manager perspective. There's only I think it's okay. There's still six matches scheduled in Spurs where Sam Burnley Watford Norwich Everton Liverpool Palace Lester Brighton and wolves Bournemouth, but you'd think less to brighten will get called off because less still got Birmingham at home you'd and then one of the Spurs West Ham on knowledge Everton will be called off because Spurs and Night play each other in this round of the FA Cup. So there's not going to be a lot of matches left it will A tight week eventually manages heading into the international break. So it's not even like they can do what they did with man. See when that game was called am just looking at those pictures now and I think my previous statement going to come back and seriously back on the ice. Actually. There's some yeah wolves probably just jamming Little Wolves players against Bournemouth who aren't exactly flying at the moment Burnley getting it put it back in for a one-week Wonder Maybe. Yeah. It's a loophole will play so managers with Liverpool players FBI managers a little players. They'll be fine livable and Palace definitely do I have an FA Cup match that weekend. Everybody else looking a bit bleak. Yeah, but for now we have to worry about that. Although we do have a slight double game week this week unexpectedly, I guess Mansi against Arsenal has been rescheduled for March 11th, which is the same day as some Champions League action, but neither team obviously involved in that Arsenal haven't been knocked out the Arab League don't have a Europa League in the next day. Like they might have done might have expected to do but since I last podcast I think went out they were obviously still in it, but Olympiacos knocked him out. So there is some double game week action there which in ceremony SLI unceremonious lie. Yeah. Yeah. So one for FBI manages to consider but will took come to that a little bit later looking quickly our scores now in our overall sort of non-public League Dave is currently still third as mentioned with 1445 points. I'm clean onto second 1448 points and Sam still 98 points clear on 1546 points, although you did get 36 points this week, which Which was right nearly 50 percent higher than the average. That's true. Which I think is my remarkable great spinach easement by myself remarkable. I forgot it was on a Friday. So and you always get a I needed to make a few changes and then yeah just got a text through saying nourriture winning. I was like shit shit. So yeah, I didn't have Henderson Marv I had about 25. My budget was something bench, but all praise are you yeah, he brought the game to me died him. He started modeling. I had no choice Fernandez your seven don't you got you some points? Yep and salad did oh, no did nothing. Nothing. I got my captain for point. We all are problems that are so it's a letdown for all of us. I'll put the guy who got a hundred one point side had sorry as his captain. You're the one that's outrageous. Yes. That's a bald eagles leak. Oh, it's got a yeah, but he came out that you text or try to DMM on Twitter or Instagram saying could you score a couple of goals to me as weekend? Thanks Sergeant reply, but maybe just saw it until that's the kind of motivation. I need to rest. I was that what for the dangerous I've got this course Lee. Yeah. I've bought into turquoise or a few weeks ago to check the person took over the past. Yeah, they are. Genuine I think their worst. I think there are far worse teams in them. I got polish next up. Yeah. I think I think I mean Palace on score a lot of goals. So we'll get on to it with my one week wonder whatever you call it, but I do have you got it right nice. Yeah. I'm just looking for better guidance because I'm tempted to skip sticks are in there. It'll be a little bit low scoring game because pallets are very tight team. Very exciting could go a goal the goal. Either way for me. I still think what for the little bit in danger. Bill has the look a little bit goes. Yeah. I don't know million years Villa know what Watford you don't think if there had some pretty dodgy results. I know they had a bit of a Renaissance but they're still what did you smash Liverpool? Yeah, one of the only and then the beans some big teams, but I still think their own risk of going down Brian a probably the ones who I think will finish beneath them. They've been naff in 2020. Yeah, probably falling slowly but Falling because can't win games and and I think for me Villa and nights are pretty much done deals Billet know. Which frightened? Yeah done don't easy peasy. So we think bomb Arthur gonna be all right now. Yeah. Yeah, they've been much better than they got a draw against Chelsea that we can it's pretty decent. Yeah Liverpool up next which is a tough one. But well after what after what what for did maybe it isn't but I was a bit worried about Newcastle for experience scored in however many games think it's four or five games now, but I'm a think I think Newcastle could find a bit of trouble by the end of the season finally find some II what was promised nice? It must have shout from Rob last week putting dubrovka and goal for his one week Wonder. Yeah Fair place that we had was decent. Yeah got a did call that we are good at home when it comes to not conceding goals. It's just a shame that we are utterly useless at scoring goals, but it's good call from also starts you're on the weaker, like bottom position for chances created touches an opposition Box shots taking and gold. Yeah. Yeah, we're not great at sucking. Jolin has been a complete flop. Yeah, but I could have talked to watch the Bundesliga season one naturally. Is going to be useless how many CDs go for last season like that? Yeah for what did they get can't a multiply out so well, they get a price tag from a scout in his pants now. I think it's just that private ones Premier League clubs get interested the dollar signs going these no massively. Yeah. Yeah first race track you only on holidays and you go to these restaurants to go to menus. What were the prices for the British tourists? I think that's what is it? Like when Premier League teams come to my place. Yeah. Well, most definitely is how much for joltin 14 Earlier, so just wait for the reaction so interested in our public league, but they have New Castle doors. I think those two guys that they have almiranta and sat maximum. I think even in a better team those guys would do the business really good. I like I'm gonna really good wide for it's a brilliant. I mean, I've been slacking off in recent episodes. He's getting a point. Yeah, but I stuck with him live without necessity to be honest, but he scored twice last night. Yeah. It's been really good in the FA Cup. He is the We've got to the quarterfinals is yeah, and I think if if they had a more Progressive manager lets who played football at it in a different way than see Brewster's I think you would see those guys even then scored assistant a lot more because I think their productivity maybe is it's a bit lower than it should be but that's why they're at a club downtown Newcastle with all due respect. But I do think that's what have that ability to improve and get it to a better level. It's at maximum and Elmer onto various players. They just need to write support cast around them. Well, we're so similar thing with wine Oldham where he didn't quite look the part in that Newcastle saying when we got really good. It went off Liverpool and look so much better. Anyway, so top of the public league is mean al-islam who's for the regular listeners among you all know. He's been there for a while. However, he's only Clinging On Now head of gray and Wilshire who is now just four points off the top spot. They are far far clear of me Dave and Sam in the 1700s. It's a long way away. But no one really at the top had a great week because a lot of the the big guns usually didn't perform Fernandez. Totally be made to jump out you're saying I did shit this week. Tied with the first second and third a beat to of the first beat first and third in our big league and was tied with second. Yeah, because that's the kind of company I keep all right, you do. Well, I'm almost among you big guns. Yeah, but in our league you were at the 3 R 3. So, yeah bottom of former. That's that's why I judge it on podcast listeners and YouTube viewers. You can join our league and test yourself against this all season long. The code is Type in on the fal website is NHC for R. W Let's move on then. So this week are big talking point is the end of Liverpool's Invincible hopes from a local point of view. This past month has been quite a bit of a wobble actually. So they're on the brink of the UCL exit. They lost that invincibles tag in the league and last night knocks out the FA Cup. What do you make of this wobble Peep? And I think it's funny Club was calling for a while winter break when to bring this back in their useless killed them immense months. Hopefully, it's a strange one so you could say if you His full strength team at in the FA Cup. Well in the fourth round and they would probably accept the momentum going. Well. It's an interesting to look back on but I think he probably feared putting a full-strength team out against Chelsea because with the momentum last he probably thought it would do more damage that they had a full team going out there and losing rather than a half team go out there and lose him. But even last night, you know there had what four or five of their Champions League winning. Yeah, when in Team out there should have been enough to get over Chelsea, but you know, I think If you look down throughout Liverpool's results throughout the season the r XG their exponents that kind of think that probably a little bit too far clear relative to where they deserve to be in terms of the games that have one, you know, the types of goals that they're scored here and there okay, I don't think there are generational team and I think over the course of a season these things tend to even themselves out. So I think they're having a having that Reckoning right about now, I don't think it's any real cause for panic but, you know come the end of the Seems once the share code happens seems usually end up where they end up that's really popular right now. It feels a long way back now, but the first three months maybe two months of the season, they weren't really that great. They're really grinding out results. Yeah, there were y'all being particularly granny hour winds not be particularly great and then it was around kind of November time that they really flip the switch and became a really really top team on top of their game and yet as you mentioned the winter break kind of killed our bit didn't it? And I think that should over a season though, you're going to have those Ebbs and flows in how you play like that's what winning at league is about isn't it the Because they just weren't they were just a ruthless winning machine whether it was a last-minute VAR influenced penalty or smashing smashing it Team 5 now the they were just winning. Yeah the point you just expect them to even if they were to nail down you'd expect them to still come back and win and they did that a few times throughout the season, but what also can't be overlooked is I think that the Challenge from sort of the team's between 2nd and 6th or 7th has been really This year relative to other Seasons that can't be overlooked. You know that your man city of that didn't have a report for a long stretch of the Season didn't have Sana for a long stretch of the season. So if you go to the Liverpool team at the start of the year and you take Van Dyke out of it and you take money out of it and say, okay now, let's see what you can do then, you know, you would see different results at the end of the day and then when you don't need to talk too much about Spurs mind, you know, that is Chelsea even lesser of Arsenal, you know, these things really haven't been honest. And Liverpool that's raced clear as a result think especially last night think it's a suitable point to argue that Liverpool Squad depth just is not there. It's not there there. They are reliant on their on their first 11 overwhelmingly. So and in the 6065 Game season, that's just not feasible. You know, you look at the four words that had out there last night. I mean men aminos and neat and tidy player, but I would be surprised if he scores one goal before he leaves Liverpool. It just doesn't carry. How do you sort of threat from he's neat and tidy lovely? I mean if he wanted to play with us on a Monday night on the five aside, then hopefully should sex I were watching when he when Liverpool signed him. He was on a game show in Japan and the boys getting clicked it Clips in he had to knock all these things down in the gold. Yeah, and I was watching it going. How do you about the new on that kind to yourself? He's a bit kind of sorry me. It wasn't didn't find it that difficult. Also. I mean, I'll come out and do uvaca regas. Well, I'd be really worried about him if I was a little covid. And I mean after scoring those goals against Barcelona and then scoring against Spurs in the final. I think if if Liverpool has kind of shocked him around and 35 40 million last summer. I got so good at come calling all the probably would have got a former who's going to take him now. He just he doesn't look motivated. He doesn't look sharp enough. He just doesn't like tuned in to what Liverpool Urdu and sounds perfect for Syria, but it's games like last night that that he should be proving that I can be the fourth Striker here I can do it, but it's just it's just not happening. I thought I do you think they've got good strength in. Of will just accept front up front. They have no strength in depth, but the rest of the you know, they've got a lot of good midfielders. We've got enough center backs. They've carried them through quite a few Center back injuries throughout the season fullbacks. I mean, they didn't have a fallback do they know but amazing covers cannot play right back not now, but you don't tend to have usually like strong backup fullbacks in teens, you look at all the great teams. It's rare that you'd have a really quality right back or left that anymore Phil Neville. Yeah, maybe yeah James Miller. Is there something he's much better than Phil Neville ever was I was thinking when lot of successful growing longer and starts playing from I always feel like the performance is go off a little bit, you know like it when you're playing football with a guy who's not great or is that like a really bad kiwi Tuesday, but and it's like it doesn't really matter if he does nothing wrong. There's always that kind of feeling that brought the team down a little bit. He's fourth choice enter Baxter. Yeah to be expected. I guess of that. He was in for the Watford game that wasn't it. Yeah it was and they're blaming but even under on the go. What I mean though, even I'll get the blame even if it's not his fault. There are got a lane for the Gold's but maybe the overall level of I didn't see any I was at a wedding at all. Have a good time. It was all right, and then people started commenting on how was the cake? I don't I don't I don't need to need to kick it looks really offended by the cake. What do you think, you know cake person? Not really? But people coming in and say I Liverpool lost with yeah, they're worried and I was thinking I wish I was watching that. You love is kind for the only time in my life, but you know with the winter break, right? Do you think that the players get a bit of a taste for the end of the season especially when its job done in the league and that they go on that they have like that that little break and it almost gives them that I'll tell you what actually this is really nice and I've only got so many matches left and I can be back on holiday again. I tell you what. Some of the things that I've heard from clubs from playground about players at certain clubs, I would be surprised if this winter break carries on it could be really oh, yeah. The thing is right. The reason that they're the reason why it works in places like Spain Germany and Italy because a culture of the winter breaks and the players. Will they know what they're doing on the winter break, they've got three or four weeks and spend Christmas with their families and the Germans case. It's little bit later than that in Spain and Italy, but you know, they have a plan for the winter break whereas in England. It was spring break. That's the way the player is looked at it and this is you know hand on heart and tell you the truth that some of the things that went down in Dubai you over the course of that winter break. Okay, I could write a book their end-of-season activities. Okay. Yeah, and I'm not even talking about the nocturnal stuff that they were getting up there. But even you know, sort of I don't know what the activities that they're doing when if it's I don't know parties on a boulder. Yeah. Yeah, it's like that but there was a lot of stuff going on there that I don't think clubs would be would be too happy about when the players came back. After the break is a break is about recharging your batteries and making sure that you're fit to go for the last few games of the season and what I've heard players were aiming for the winter break. So they would go away for a couple of weeks spring break style and then come back and they just haven't been able to recover if like a snow day from school. There's some good go out and full sugar all day out in snow diving around in the way back a fast acting like three days away. Come back our fucking Lolly's. I think that's that's because the culture of the winter break just isn't in English football. All I could take it could take a generation before it actually the ethos of a winter break actually comes comes into clubs. Do not think it's also potentially just down to the that sort of British mentality. But you know as soon as you go to the airport, I think Britt to the anyone goes right 7 a.m. Pine. I definitely think that's part of it. I would say as well what you've touched on your first bit is spot-on in terms of its not in a holiday period like for Christmas it kind of makes sense. Yeah, you settle back a little bit you can't down but as you mentioned spring is not really the time spring break. Yeah, it's spring break. It's just such a natural. No place to put it because they don't want to ruin the TV Cash Cow. They've got the so this should be part of the footage that shot us for the Premier League should be filming these guys going away on holiday. And this is like a Geordie Shore and the Premier League. So you get this break in the action and then we all go on holiday with the players and watch them get into all this Carnage and stuff and claps phone in them up and saying what you got playing like The Hangover Phil. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, great bit of supplementary footage but a live concert. It should be more breaks in the season because my favorite part of the entire season so far was Christmas because any stage on any day you just go with this football on TV today if you want more of it and then if there's no football on you just watch the target. I just think the problem that's over Christmas. The problem is we're going to break is I'm sure you've all been out with a fellow who never gets out, you know, it might get out once every six weeks or once every three months or something like that some stuff go just let himself go. I think that's the way it was handbrake off a break off and I think that's where it was with the They called the winter break but like as keep coming back to what someone to break it was spring break and I cannot see the club's sustaining it much longer if the same type of things go on if it's just going to be about parity in a booze and women and all that kind of thing. I just can't see it happen. I can see it being a bit very different context but being a bit like what they've done with the summer transfer window stop where they brought in because people were moaning about it. They brought in immediately realized that the drawbacks of it and then the rain it back into so it was a good idea then the transfer window it wasn't it wasn't a bad idea. It was massively flawed when the fact that nobody else is doing it. Yeah, so you needed to come watch made that you know, you can't just do it on your own. They should have tried to reach out to do the legs and get them Saul do it trying to think that they can do it in a vacuum was naive to put it for like well, that's your classic British exception. Yes, looking beyond the Premier League then with Liverpool. Obviously, they're just still Clinging On at the moment in the Champions League. You would think technically livable should go through for that. I mean, Obviously came about with him. Was it 3-nil against Barcelona last season? This is a bloke who aren't as strong as that bastard team were who weren't as in phatak in that first leg as but athletic aware but I seem to remember you were a little bit worried about the people. Yeah. I was yeah, he's still a bit worried. I think it's all going to depend on what the first 10-15 minutes because it could be one of those if Liverpool get that are only called then I would find some to go on and probably batter and medical four or five one. Hmm But if if if that calls us in common you're At 65 70 minutes and the cop is getting anxious and and you know, simeone's kind of thinking. Well, you know, we could get one more here and really kill the time then I would worry about Liverpool. Yeah, but I worry for them. I think of all the teams to have that mentality to be able to go to one field and walk out there with the chest chest puffed out and take it to Liverpool and just be Bastards about it. Yeah, that's definitely definitely and that's I thought it was a nightmare Ty for Liverpool once Always makes it twice as one team that could lower them. Look your lord Liverpool into their trap and it's going to be Atlético. And I know it needs to be worlds apart from what they've been doing in the league at there's just nothing on the ball this year that they'd still qualify for the Champions League next year obviously, but it won't be in first or second. I think they'll be coming out of the tunnel ready to fire. This is their season. Yeah the book without ready to fight and it's teed up perfectly think that 65 minutes of just skirmishing and then let's go break. Marotta had a bush to nail. What live what identical need to avoid is conceding a penalty early and they need to avoid foolish red card somewhere along the way because thought I think those are the two things that could I could really turn the tie in Liverpool's favor. But if they come out with you know, that sort of hard-nosed discipline that that Simeon is instilled in his team sound throughout the years. Then I think could be could be a training ground exercise for them. You know, you're asking to see me only team to go right there 11 of you stand out there for an hour and a half until conceit. Of course. It depends it depends what they kind of learn in a way from that. Match against Juventus in the last 16 my season whether we're tuned elope heading to Julian. Yeah, and we're now they're completely destroyed them. He did. Yeah, but you know Liverpool don't have anyone as to turmeric as Ronaldo really like in terms of the I mean they have money and sallahu obviously top of the game players. Yeah, but they're not like teams following the way that Ronaldo is in the Champions League every season. So that's now it is definitely on edge for me, but I still think Liverpool have the advantage you should have your own podcast where you just described for now though because I could have just listened to you go on I do. You love Ronaldo. I'll miss him. I miss it as a football or any way. He's you know him and messy. I always think you know, we talked about a lot with Goal as a product as a News website. We've been kind of built in a way on the Messi Ronaldo era and we're getting towards the end of that now I am a bit nostalgic about them too. I think it was before last week in the classic. Oh, we were putting together a script for the top 10 classical moment. Yeah of Messi's career, and I was just looking back at I'm just thinking there's been so many great matches between those two mean the was the three You when mr. Took his shirt off and there was a there's a 4-3 as well between the two teams. There was some amazing clásicos between those two players Messi Ronaldo Barcelona Madrid over the years. So it's hard not to look at right now. There is a player and kind of just enjoy what he's brought a means that the police academy series, you know, it's going to come to the end. Well, you just got to enjoy it. Nothing else will come close to it of a similar nature. Yeah. I remember sitting watching Champions League with you. I think it was the season before when Real Madrid knocked out you Venice with the benardos over kick re just gold. Just such an incredible moment. It's hard not to enjoy and really when he's at the top of his game Euro 26th year 2016. I love that when you know got injured. I love that even more when he was on the sidelines. Just trying to manage. I was there's Nations league for me. You just decided right the hat trick against this is amazing. Every goal was so incredible player. Would love to see him come back to the Premier League. I'm talking on the podcast. Is there an ambassador Ronaldo get him on I think all semester You know, the further time goes on I think you know the decision that Real Madrid didn't meet his demands for that contract and end up having to punch him to Juventus. It's just yeah, it's just one of the all-time worst supporting decisions and the organization's ever take it I guess for them. It was just like a boy who cried wolf because he did it before he did. Yeah, you did a probably two or three times. You said it before I'm not happy. Yeah, you know, okay this stuff so many other five minutes. I'm happy. Yeah money makes me happy. Yeah lots of it. But this time the said no go on if you want to go go. Go mmm. He said I'm going to do it fine do it. Nothing gonna do it call this buffer fails and then then all of a sudden we've got Mariano D his room number 7 shirt your all-time backfires. I have like the swivel back to Liverpool. They've gone off on road again. I do love talking about Ronaldo, but it's go back to Liverpool with the fact that they are still in a Champions League. Let's go on the basis that potentially the dubious. Let's go. Do you expect them to start rotating away from the Premier League because they're 22 points clear. I think there is I think the only thing that would have kept them interested in the Premier League. I mean, I'm gonna win the Premier League would be the unbeaten record and the probably would have tried to to make sure that its strong teams out just to make sure that the record is one. Yeah, I mean what else? That's going to concentrate on breaking the breaking the record points total derivative on since one of them no clapping interested in that and that's all sure no and so instead he wasn't bothered about the unbeaten record. Why was he so salty then afterward for be lost the BBC reports or after the chest. I really wish you'd stop talking about the Watford game. You know, what's I almost really playing on his mind? I almost forgot how snipey he could be a member at the end of his Dortmund. Dairy was just like yeah, and it's good to see you. I think as well. They're having a bit of a pop some of the Liverpool people clop and I think was Robertson who got a little bit upset about the fact they were celebrating like there's one that I all of course are going to celebrate course area being the top team in the in the world right now that I think you're right. I think they will start to rotate some of those Sal out money for me now. We'll start seeing more rotational and you know, some of the younger guys, I mean like so Nicole Williams and Curtiss Jones, they're probably not that far away from deserving game time in the Premier League as well. So I think been able to do with the pressure off and Justin see how last night affected Coach Jones if at all because it was quite a bit of the second goal was his fault or not only that but when you look at if you want to make an edge comparison between what he offered and what Billy Gilmore offered last night, I mean, there's streets apart absolute streets apart in terms of of how they can influence again body construct again, what I did like about Coach Jones we made that mistake lost the ball. He obviously couldn't catch Berkeley, but he pinged it back, you know of comparison to Luke Shaw who like wobbles back. There's some more potatoes shots. He was brilliant. He's just couldn't catch him. I'm blaming Van Dyke for that call. I put 20% of the blame on Monday. We'll just 20% and give them a call. I think sometimes we found Ike it's so easy for him that I think he just forgets to defend. I know that was one of the big criticisms when he was playing for Celtic. It was just you know, sometimes when the bread-and-butter stuff needs to be done, it's just sometimes it just goes over his head to do it. That's a bit of an arrogance about another moment why they think we're good enough to beat these teams just Turn up and like the generally I think yeah, they are. That's that part of the problem. I think but you do see Van Dyken is alert, you know now he's kind of like got that kind of like, yeah, that's all right, and he generally does look like that but there's still that you know, they'll still be like 20% of the brain that needs to be like proper motivated to make that make it happen, especially cleaning those positions. Yeah, you need to you need to make sure that you know, your gobbling up everything that comes your way and it's someone else's fault, you know, if they lose our drones drop that one. I love runs in the team, you know, it's like I'm still the best. Where in the world you'd like more more focus on fresh wind. I know you've got to accept defeat as a team. I think that's probably one of the reasons why being an invincible team is so difficult because it's so it's not even like you can criticize someone for getting complacent because it's just so natural you win Games Week in week out and it's similar to sort of a longer period of time as well why Ferguson was so sort of revered in what he did when it came to management keeping that man united team motivated all those Massively yeah, it's so difficult to do that and we instantly of clock and kind of manage that with this Liverpool team who are on top of the world right now, but stay there is another another matter entirely. I'm going to drop salad this week part of what we're talking about here about in terms of rotation and and Liverpool potentially rest in some key players. I'm going to get him. This is like it always me that that's going to rest players now we've lost so it's almost like taking your ball home like, you know, we've lost a game now, so I don't bother to the indices which is rotate players in and out. We don't really care now if we lose if you get it, Like piss off get back out what I wear feel teens and I got second place to give them though is I remember Pep Guardiola when he was manager of Byron. I think it was in his first season of buying they won the league like before st. Patrick's Day almost you know, and it was all over and then just started, you know, rest in player is bringing players in the league who might need minutes doing a bit of experimentation that kind of thing and the momentum of the team just completely collapsed. I ended up going to the Champions League. Yeah, Grandma did you think was going through imagery to smash them? It just seemed too because the league was all done and dusted and then they had a draw and then they had a defeat the momentum. Just I think it started to change this game is yeah, you know, you need to go home to percent attack at least guys need to be fresh and you are protecting them from potentially, you know, career-changing injury or something, but the footballers they if they're good enough and you know the fit then it should go out there and play in as many games. As possible I suppose. Yeah. I know that sounds a little bit ludicrous but y'all cliches you can turn it on and off can you know you have to you have to be honest all the time? Yeah, and that's what took Liverpool to the top of the league. That's what took them to the Champions League, you know that that sort of relentlessness that they that that momentum that the build-up not only within games but across Seasons as well. And if you pull the handbrake on something like that, it can be very very difficult to get there because it can roll over into next season Garnett. Yeah, you know, do you ever really get that momentum back, you know just winning relentlessly winning. If anything like clot might look at this as a bit of a good thing that they've lost a couple of games now because it's a bit of a like might be better slap in the face to feel the players are actually like you've got to see this season out. Now. This isn't just going to Lunge laps for the biggest collapsible time and further Paul O'Neill all those books again. Monday night if I'm to be loving it when they'll be celebrating it with man city is the world's greatest collapse of all kinds. Yeah arms across and across Mansion. Let's move on then so let's look specifically at game week 20 year we do in the one week 1 we are you skipping is my interest. That's all right. I before I do mind Sam & Dave's changes people be revealing his one week one the team he has to pick a team to get as many points as possible from this one single game week last week goals International managing editor Robert Parish back to disappointing 37 points. Well, it was a difficult because we said it was he was dealt a rough game week, but that means that he actually holds the second best and the second worst scores for guess who's got the best one. The best is Neil. So that's how you got a beat. He has 77 points. You got 77. Yeah, they just stacked with Liverpool players did actually and they did really well that week so he looks out. It you have the fifth best score though. Overall. That's not bad. You have 65 points out of 29 noted 22 I think is so that's what you got to be. That's a high score best of luck. Okay, if your pics right so you want the 1100 the squad let's go with the 11 in the mall do this one. Okay. So in goal, I've picked the world is goalkeeper re Patricio. Hmm and they're playing at home against Brighton on Saturday. I think Brighton have been sort of a I mean they've been Good in games but you know the kind of been an easy three points for a lot of teams have to season it certainly this year. Yeah, if walls have any hope of that outside shot the Champions League places and I think that needs to be picking up three points are picking up three handy points and I've gone through Patricia because these are the best goalkeepers in the league. Anyway scored a lot of points already at the season saw the treaty offer me. Mmm. I'm going for a three-man back for okay. So I've gone I'm sticking with wolves and I'm going for my compatriot matter. Excellent notice the pronunciation doctor. It's not docherty Doc. It's not Doherty. Don't see Daugherty. How do you say how do you say Derby County? Like it's spelled Derby Derby horse race potato potahto. It's a good pick. I've gone in my team. Yeah, darling. Yeah he is. Yeah, he scores goals. He makes chances. And because it's classes offender who keeps clean sheets lots of churches in the Box as well for Defender. It's not right. It's not me saying that last week and alongside him despite Dave just slamming him there. I've got a man who first if and Ike I've got Verge so taking him out. It's beautiful man. Liverpool player died at half-past twelve on Saturday again at home against Bournemouth. And if we're going to get one of those classic bounce-backs then born with could be in a world of hurt her. I don't feel on Saturday and Bill do yeah, so I've gone for Virgil not only for the potential of a clean sheet, but he's good man to score from a corner as well every now and again, he started few calls this season for yes. I see the top turret top-scoring defender in the entire thing. I'm not sure but that sounds about right. Yes. Certainly. He's like magnetic when it comes to Corner. Yeah, he is. Yeah, it was his head big man. And then the third member of my back for I've gone for Craig Cathcart. Okay, you've what forgot this week? In Watford are they are away but their way to Crystal Palace. Okay, and can you call it? London Derby to this is what we claim to be in London's East End. They do claim it. Yeah, just not having it depends whether it starts at Watford Gap or knocks. That's like the start with isn't it? But you know, their training ground is right next door to our Arsenal's in our cell count themselves as the London Club. So elusive London Derby them. So what you saying Arsenal should be classed as is that and counties as a hard for sure because I pronounce that word for sure as well anyway. Craig Cathcart on the bench then. I've got Basham Sheffield United player. They're at home against Norwich which they should do. Well in that one and then I've got Ben chill. Well, they don't play it till Monday night Lester don't but they've got us in feel at home as well suppose. You're not starting it much. They don't influence you starting but you know leave on your bench if you want. Yeah, he's on the bench. Okay, here you go. Miss Fielding right my Midfield I'm going for I've got four midfielders in here. Okay, so I've gone Sticking with the Lester theme I've gone for James Madison against Villa free kicks and corners and through balls and things like that. I think he's a good player. He scored a few points this season 2. So he said sadly. Oh man a take advantage of fact these classes a midfielder in this. I think he's gonna score a hat-trick maybe against Bournemouth. Yeah. I've gone for the other player. I've got one of the other players are gone from midfield for me is the most underrated player in the most underrated team in the Premier League. Comfort wipe macneill Albert Lea you want to see their record over the past six games body? Isn't that you saying? They're in the one of the form seems right now where they're second in the form table to Liverpool. I think in the last six games last five games, you can see that won't go last six games conceded two goals for which I think is four wins and a draw on their last five games and that's against teams like Lester and man united and Arsenal Newcastle away Southampton as well. So, you know, sometimes it's teams go on a run of three or four matches without a defeat team, you know pain, This will go. Oh wow. Have you seen her? Well, I don't know brightener, dude, but you know, there's actually a bit of substance behind what Bernie you doing at the minute. They're playing really well. I dropped hope and instantly but only 10 that form around. There you go. They were Dreadful over Christmas angles and then just instantly turned on another really good. So you want to know I'm just looking at McNeil's points a and I think they're slightly skewed by the fact he had a great match against Bournemouth with a goal and assisting the clean sheet, right? Because I once in the last what 24 In the last 14 game weeks is you got more than three points. You mentioned them a bit last week that way. Yeah, what an awesome score more points and also they did really well that one week. He should be in the same category as make tahminae and makgeolli. I don't know. What do they do doesn't do anything for her dancing. Yeah, probably but you got in there. Anyway, you think also just looking further forward not for a one-week Wonder but Burnley of got Man City the week after as well, so that's fine for a minute. But I just pick a team at the start of the season and leave it. Yeah, and then the other player of come forth in my form and midfielders is John Fleck from from Sheffield united. We did speak already about they've got Norwich and he tends to do well for It feels and my sub on that team on in the Midfield is Chowdhury from from Lester again. You want to talk about the makélélé and Mac Terminus type layers of its got like 30 points All Season, even though he's probably played most of the game and then up front. I've gone for around him and as my third wolves player again doing really well this season I've gone for Daddy ings. I don't even mention Southampton yet, but Southampton are at home against, Newcastle and Saturday. Potential world's their tentacles there and then I've gone for Pierre Emerick or Beyond that's two games this week. He's got two games this week against West Ham and then against Man City and to wear summer at home to West Ham on Saturday and he's got to be my captain. Okay, Captain Alden, that's a good choice for Captain. You don't really see players in there. Do you I don't have any CD players in that not interesting. Most call. We'll see how that seems us then see if you can beat your 65 point whole early in the season. I would love it if I be I love it. Move Along Dave have you gone with for your transfers this week teams? I'm just I'm just looking I mentioned it last week and I think get him out. But once again made some amount out some thinking about replacing him with Sakura Arsenal obviously arsenal of got two games this week as well one against West Ham where I'm imagining they'll do alright, even though we're stumped it up a bit. The second is against Man City. It's a difficult one but he's a young lad who's coming to the team and it's got quite a few assists to his name already. He's Is Phil Turley cheap? Yes. Anna is a lot easy 4.0 4.6. I think six. Yeah, absolutely outrageous. So getting Mount out and getting him in gives me 1.5 million to then potentially use on another player as well. Will that be a minus for Hittle now? That's that's well that would know. Sorry. That would be a minus for you if I got another one in but I'm thinking about leaving lundstrom and it's potentially they might bring him in against Norwich play. I wasn't being he's been kind of coming off the bench. I think we played like nine minutes in their last game or something. So, It's not been playing a great deal. My defense other than the to Liverpool players having Kelly and Tango. It looks like I need to do something there midfields pretty strong with salad a Brian De couro Fernandez transferred Fernandez in last week as well as a bit of a Sly one just before the transfer deadline. So Sam's Relentless chat on him basically as good as sorts me into it. It does it does look like the real deal. Actually. I feel like I'm missing the hyped. Train here. I feel like it's passing me by and I'm gonna be left stranded on that station, but I don't want to do it yet because you know, I'd have to pretty hard games. But then the more I think about it. They actually do turn up in those hard games don't they? And yes it choosing United players this season. He's not looked intimidating. So it's kind of substrate enzyme Premier League wasn't he has intimidated by the fact is moved to Manchester United and he's playing in this league that's been broadcast for to you know, Millions around the world. He's basically days. Yeah. It's totally unfazed. He's he's Those classic footballers who just look it just looks like he just loves playing so soon as he gets out there doesn't matter who's playing who is playing against what he's doing is he's interested that is a slightly more vibrant and obviously more mobile version of crime matter. Yeah, he's got that level of intelligence. I think that's why I think already those two linked up quite well because they're just bright footballers. I also love the fact that Fernandez is played four games and has already got seven more points than Jesse. Lingard has all season. Wow. Definitely project for Jesse. I like chess. What's next for Jesse? It didn't get some points in the Europa League the other week he got does it go learn assist ago? You want five Nelly Just Go. It didn't say people are finally my oh my God. Just letting you know turn it up Fred's got to in that got it will one of those games even Fred scored. Yeah, so he can't pull down to see you think any poor Jesse no cool. Well, I sucker as you mentioned is definitely someone who I reckon we'll be a lot of people's Radars. I might put him in but actually as you were talking I removed him from my team. I've you yeah, but he was so cheap that I kind of want to put them in. But I don't really want to double up too much an Arsenal. So they've got obviously two games this week. But one of them is a way to Man City, then you know, you look at the features coming up. It's not that green. It's not that like hopeful. I'm tempted to spread it out a little bit also arsenal of got a good running now to end of the season. I mean it's not terrible but you're right. So you're looking here at fixtures. You've got West Ham and man see this game with Brighton away next week, which is right, then they've not got a team in that FA Cup week, which yeah, that would have been South Since it would have been a decent one. So I would be rearranged but you've got knowledge and wolves after but then you got less to Tottenham Liverpool has a now it's not I think Lester have gone a bit though. They have a Tottenham. It's gone. Like I've got two Spurs players. I think I think I'll set has made a difference and I think they're gonna finish. Yeah, and you know what? I like sometimes we This is the weird one. But you know when some managers go in and to give the team a new manager of Bounce and when like the first three of the first four and that kind of thing and it proves to be unsustainable only got us all scary stuff. Sometimes if you want a new manager goes in and he starts drone a lot of games, but he's getting clean sheets. I think that is actually better for the long-term prospects because it means you're getting the Bedrock the foundations in rather than just giving people, you know, the sprinkle of Stardust that they want for the for the for the early days you could I can really see arteta building something long term and he has been given the benefit of the doubt because it's To work with when he went in there in the first place. Yeah, that's how it starts to get that fifth spot on it now. Alright, if they other light fantastic into the season they can't get in there. I mean how far down the table you have to go before people are not in contention for the European places. Probably about 15. So it's going well. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah Paula's only with a game in hand. So my Palace are what six points are V. Yeah, isn't it a crazy Premier League this season where every time you look at the Oh, you're just like astonished at work teams are and how feels boring it feels more like the championship this. Yeah, I think that's the way the teams are spread standard, you know to defer to defeat you in trouble two wins, you're in contention. We saw that with Everton a few weeks ago in all of a sudden they were knocking on the door the Champions League places ridiculous because they succeeded in not losing for about six weeks. It's crazy crazy season bubble the little bit haven't they lost them and draw in the last two games but still in there still level with Arsenal and we've got some pictures I guess that winnable coming up. I'm not sure who That Midfield substantive case. I'm going to leave that blank but I also can solder aren't but I am going to take salary. Yeah, because I need to make money for aubameyang to come in like Pete. I believe he's going to get some decent Moines this week. Even with the mixed bag of Arc as nonfiction list. Yeah. Aubameyang is the player who you would think would be so consistent as well. It doesn't matter if Arsenal played well or badly. It doesn't matter who they're playing. He also seems to pop up with a goal or a decisive action. I love watching about me excited good for us and I think side from have to play for them. Well, that's why I'm putting them in because my team is full of people who have to put in a women who aren't consistent and now my team is a little bit shit. So I need someone in there who's going to bring in the consistency to fill the gaps that Lucas more and armor on aren't quite bring in your heart and course back my God make a black and white but it's not it's not looking great there but a Midfield of some sort will go in maybe grealish. He's got another game in hand at some point. No, don't do it miles. I can fit him in don't Dave just like his hairstyle or that he wears his socks law down, but you get Scoffs, he's got lovely legs honey. Fantastic, but they all have lovely legs. But he's the only one that shows them off course have all got lovely legs. Alright Ballers are all the same. You gotta say they've all got lovely legs. They all have lovely legs. Okay. I've not changed Fernandez's out but I reckon griha. She got better legs and Fernandez. Yeah sure I can but there's a bit on the skinny side, isn't it Greely? She's quite toned. I disagree luscious legs are up there best legs in the Premier League. This feels like a podcast on its own right? It's late. It's a leg raise. Yeah, I reckon vertibird just got great legs because he's just that kind of guy never look down to his legs. I guess. I don't think don't do it to yourself adequately replaced sort of the thickness of Eden Hazard door for - you know my type of legs there. Yeah. Is that what you like you like proper girth? and move it up happening this week out is so young Joo and incomes size I think he's a much better value version of Matt Doherty how much is a 4.5 that's quite good yeah why did you deliberately mispronouncing it I'd say this is normal as a prize it the Thais no I'm talking to my brother because I'm a troll how goes VAR D in comes a bank cannot believe you kept with him for that long but TBC I might spend Around I know sorry, I've just summed up and I'm being video to the square to the salesman that window. I want to go to try that again. No, that's just roll through it. Just but I don't I've got a grower something that and I like the idea of keeping him and about me youngin this week because they've got double game week, but I don't like the fact that you and miles of both got agüero and aubameyang out front. It's not even can do something about it. Then you have a what like completely lifts my team so I can get an 11-point. What is it? Evan .9 agüero is he and by me anxiety point eight for me? Let me neck has it gone up in price low mean everyone. Yeah. It's going up in price point one. So yeah feeling a bit anxious about that go but in that case definitely committing to that. Yeah, I think I might drop Marcy out because I need to make a point to up which I'm sure if you guys could you lend it to me? I think I owe you that so I need to Have a think about who I bring in love your recommendation on sucker. I'm not bringing him in for points, you know, alien, he's great. I love you if you have Cantwell, is it as he still in your side every but yeah still performing as well. It does. All right doesn't yeah 4.7. Yeah. I mean he's not performed for the past eight game weeks, but that gave me before that 110b idea 10 110 to 110 in four weeks. Yeah, that's enough for a 4.7 for me. Where does Soccer play for Arsenal was he playing the moment. That's what I'm back in the game. Yeah. Yeah, she's fine. She points. But yeah, she'll be in the Defenders. Well, they did no intention of I mean they both care in tyranny and I had cool as an actor as well. So it was no path to him for him to the first team at left-back whatsoever. But over the course of the season so notice how our Ted has come in. He has the characteristics to play there and you know, they don't use them like a fullback. He's the one that's overlap and And trying to get balls across he is playing like a Winger just from that wingback position not unlike how Belgian player really, you know, an international Forum. Yeah that they're named the player as wide as Defenders, but they're not Defenders got Carrasco. Always that kind of threw me out during the World Cup as I Whi playing him as a right back and then the next thing he's providing crosses and but I also need to watch out because soccer is not signed a long-term contracts and got 18 months left on that deal. There seems to be a bit of a standoff over us what he's going to do with his future and not put in derouen now I said last week because he is a pure example of a player who would be like right now. That's why I wanted to be a minute. I really want to but I'm really support and it's a Midfield. I need a solid material that is going to be points and there's not a lot of options underneath the price range that have which is about 7.2 million to to have you got Madison and already I've already got Madison in you know, he's been a Mainstay is not done well recently, but you look at their upcoming fixtures less out Villa Watford. Have its Impalas are gone lesser evidently. Loserville. I think that's Trigon lesser gone, even when they were second. I said they were gone people were saying to me Lester and I'd say they're gone. You're so ahead of the times people. Yeah, sis Vision right unless they're completely wrong. But I had a look over the like they did really well over the first sort of 15 16 games this season, but then you have a look at the games at the didn't win. You know, they were the last man united and then they were at their had drawers, you know, they couldn't just get those results together against what you perceive to be the top team. So basically there were beaten the dross of the Premier League and then people are gonna look they're gonna get the Champions League doesn't work like that. They still will get the Champions like the will not get the chance. They will The Fallout they will fall out mark my words and then we will Have a retrospective podcast episode where we'll listen back to my very early season prediction that man united finished third and go fucking awesome. You were right again. And again, I'm going to clip that little actually more just play it in this last podcast episode when United finished sixth. Yeah. I have Lester finished in sixth I mean, we'll see there what eight points off at the moment there are points clear of 6/6. Yeah wolves wolves Man United Chelsea will all have to overtake them. It's going to happen. I can't see all three of them Lester lost eight times this season already in 28 games. They've been really nothing the last 25% of their gate over 25% of the games. They've lost body is so streaky though. If he does start scoring again, they'll be fine. So there's need by early to start in a few goals and maybe they'll turn it around. I think they've been really lucky. Mmm. Probably getting found out a little bit now and they'll end up where they belong if I was Rogers had to take the Barcelona job get it get it get out of Dodge. I think if Rogers had ever been offered the Barcelona, so it would have definitely taken it. He loves that stuff be his, you know, his biggest problem was at Liverpool like, you know after that season with a 30-second he didn't come straight out and say we're a one-man team. It was all Suarez if he had said that that he might have had a chance to keep his job, you know, because once he's decided to you know take Forward and take. Oh, yeah. I'm sort of a managerial genius her and then Suarez leaves and then the tank then you kind of expose yourself to the quizzes. But if you get on front of that said, look I'm warning you. This is a one-man team. It's all about Suarez when he goes were dead brother gone down. Well with Restless anyway should have said it before looking at him going. That was the right thing to say. She said they were placing with Balotelli. Was it Rickie Lambert? Maybe didn't age. Well you talk about your Ronaldo. I've been replaced by Diaz. What about Suarez been replaced by Rickie Lambert? Christ yeah, right. Let's wrap this up. Anyway, this has been a good our forecasting has been one of our longest Dave Sam Pete. Thanks very much for joining us today podcast listeners YouTube viewers, you can get in touch by tweeting your fancy football Thoughts with a hashtag UK FFF. Don't forget to subscribe on Apple follow on Spotify or however, you can talk to us on your favorite platform. Leave a review if you liked it, and if you didn't what are you still doing here check out goal for your daily dose of football news in the Premier League and around the world. Thanks for listening.