Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to Sarah didn't stop at sewing she taught herself how to write use scissors and even paint using only her mouth when Sarah was a teenager people started noticing how good Sarah's paintings were they were shocked that she could paint so well just using her mouth and he started paying her to paint portraits or pictures of people's faces. Switch or brushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tooth one day a rich and famous man called The Earl of Morton saw the paintings that Sarah made and was astonished. He was so impressed that he paid Sarah to get art lessons from a famous teacher so that she can get even better the early even showed her pictures to his friend a famous King. Switch or brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth, but don't brush too hard. Sara opened her own art studio in London and became famous for her skills as an artist. She painted more people including a queen and was given a special prize a medal from the Society of Arts because of her grit determination and unbeatable. Spirit. Sarah biffen is tonight's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers tonight, but we'll be back tomorrow with more stories of the light fully. women from history until then rinse with water before you what Chompers is a production of gimlet media.