This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it. Cody KO and his YouTube channel and he's like fuck it. I'm going to start a podcast because I am famous and people want to know more about my life. I like yeah, I listen to Cody goes podcast because I like Cody KO or like what's-his-face Curtis Connor, you know, it wasn't as podcast because I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna I want to know more about Curtis Connors life, but the problem is like I like I'm not Charlie d'amelio. I'm just trying to I'm trying to use references that will relate with the teens. Like it's like you can't just start a podcast when you're not famous because it's like that's not how it works. So, I don't know what I'm doing. But yeah, I just I decided to do it. Anyways, I think what I think it sounds fun. It sounds fun. It sounds like an exciting invigorating experience. I just love I'm so self-conceited. I I love hearing the sound of my voice. I just love every part of myself. So why not put my voice on the internet for 15 minutes to an hour and just have it be there for others to listen to How one good idea that is it's fantastic, you know, I understand up right now and walk around and you won't know why I'm doing that except because I am are plugs. In not to flex. This is just the quality of my mother's are pods first generation because I'm literally the most clumsy person on Earth and I misplaced mine and I don't know where they went just really sad because I'm there in this cute little cow case because I I'm just a teenage girl then buys into American capitalism and consumerism and anything that's remotely trendy or cute. I have to purchase because that's what This Catalyst in major is done to me. So of course I bought them. In fact, I didn't just buy the cow case. You know, I carry that shit around every day, you know, like I flex that cow earpod case that cow print earpod case from Urban Outfitters that II know was like 50 cents to manufacture but I bought for eight dollars and are now Friends making like a giant fucking profit off of like labor and Bangladesh and I I'm just like, oh, yes, if the turtles the environment, yeah. So that's the moral dilemma. I'm going through. Yeah, but long story short I misplaced my are blondes. I'm using my mom's not to Flags. We have to pop two pairs of are pods at home. No, we don't just have to you can probably hear every chair squeaking this it's not professional. I'm like in my bedroom at my desk. But yeah, we don't just have two pairs of are pods and my family we have for fear pairs of first generation are pods not to flex. Now to not this guns on you guys, but I am Superior to all of you with my for my 8 earpod like the the headphone part and I am we have eight of those because each comes in a pair. So we have 8 4 times 2 is 8. Yeah, not only do I have are pods. Let me tell you let me flux on you some more right now. Currently you can't see because this is just noise. I'm just activated. One of your five senses the sound one. I'm also holding a Hydro Flask. Again don't need flex but I kind of zoo, except I'm kind of scared. I'm scared whenever I see the tiger flask because it's not mine. I'm too cheap to purchase expensive things, even though I bought that cow earbud case, but I'm too cheap to go out of my way and by like really expensive things even though I know it's like a good investment. Like I feel like a Hydra fluffs like it's expensive, but the last you a long time, but I'm too cheap to do that. So whenever my sister goes to college She has to hide your flasks because we're like exact opposite when it comes to buying like expensive things. Like she'll just say yeah, let's go for it. But um, yeah, she goes to college and for some reason she only brings one every time like one Hydra plastic. She just chooses one to bring so I use the other one because she leaves at home and like what you going to do like come back and tell me not to use it. No, so I use the other one but like man like back of the whole I'm clumsy thing. I dented the shit out of this. Like it is so dented everywhere and like it's obvious. It's like beating up but I know I'd like I know the minute she comes back and she's like what the hell did you do to my Hydroponics? I'm denying every single new dent. I put on that water bottle like every single Dent. I'm going to like outwardly say know that that was already there. Like are you like you're going crazy Sarah? That's why sister thing you're going out. Willie the saying like those dents were already there even though every like literally every day everybody in all my classes can attest to this I drop this damn water bottle because it's so easy to drop so it's dented like everywhere but I'm like to scare like I'm I'm scared my sister sometimes like I'm too scared to say yes are identified it eventually like buy me a new one and I'll be stuck in this crappy Hydra flask and I dented the shit out of it. Stead of being able to buy myself a brand new one. You see the logic that goes into this like like yeah, it's dented but she was too so like I don't know why she needs to so, you know worst comes to worst. I use this tended one like but instead like I know if I admit to denting it, she'll be like buy me a new one and then she loved to Hydra fox in perfect condition and all have this crappy one that I dint. This is this is what I choose to talk about like there are so many The issues in the world I could discuss and I am sitting here in my Bay Area Suburban town with my are pods in talking about Hydra flasks and how my sister owns two, and I'm too cheap to buy one. Even though I like yeah. Wow, what demographic in my appealing to that's my question. So anyways, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. free I feel like I am so rude for just talking and not asking you how your day was and how was your day? Have you been I'll give you some time. Fantastic, you could have just said like my cat was run over by a car and I replied fantastic because I don't know what to say. If you said your name was good. I'm I'm really happy for you because it's tough to have a good day. If you said your day was bad honey. We are in the same boat you and Emily so don't worry about it. Shake It Off. Tomorrow's a new day speaking of speaking of shaking it off. I feel like I feel like I can't be the only one that does this I am Really weird coping mechanism not weird. It's probably a bunch of people do this. But when I don't want to do something or like when I'm trying to procrastinate like most people like just like watching YouTube, which I still do like I fuckin watch YouTube and do this and like Tick-Tock, but like I literally take a nap like I just go to sleep like I'm out like I pass out and I just don't do it is God in the point where like I used to sleep like four hours a day doing homework all night, but it's gone to the point where it's like today. I really got out of school at like 11:30 because we have like a different schedule and I napped until 5 p.m. Because I didn't want to do my homework. You know, I can't be the only one that does that but it's like it's like I wake up and I'm like, oh it's dark outside. It was light and like for some reason I only like working when the sun is out. It's one of those Sons out. I'm out like gonna from Frozen when she was like my references. I don't know who they're appealing to but you know, it's like so when I wake up and it's dark, I don't know. I wanted to work my body says it's time to sleep, but I just woke up so I have to do work and then I end up eating everything. In my house and and making a podcast that no one will listen to. Yeah. Anyways, speaking of eating I found this new thing where I eat like my Warren what I look forward to in the day it's eating and I know you're probably imagining me like now as those like gluttonous Pig this this like pig that eats everything in her house like which is partially true, but I just there's something enjoyable in getting to eat just like so many different things speaking of food. Let me this thing is all over the place. But I if you know me, you know part of my personality right now is Trader Joe's it's my cowl are PEDs case and it's Trader Joe's that's my personality. I am I say this all the time if Trader Joe's was a person not like in the CEO Trader Joe's know like if the store itself was a person that can we personified it into like a women Trader Joe's a person a guy I would be so Infatuated I wouldn't really be in love with this person. I don't know. I feel like Trader Joe's as a person would have such good qualities. Like you'd be so kind so genuine so authentic but also smart and clever. I think I'm just like projecting everything. I'm looking for in like in like a relationship because I'm the sphere and end up alone. And I'm just like, yeah, like what a Trader Joe's had everything I was looking for. Maybe that's why I like to eat or like why I like food because I find qualities that I look for. For and that's so sad that food feels like a reward. I need for communication and for like affection. It's oh that's sad. Anyways also speak to I like food yesterday this girl. It was her birthday and I was like, oh happy birthday. Like, you know, like I kind of knew her kind of dinner. I would literally sorry, but happy birthday, and she's like, thanks and she gives me Me and my friends we were we were talking to my friends and I sorry, I'm an AP Lang. So I have to start using correct grammar and she just gives us a sheet cake like a like it like an eight by eleven sheet cake from like Safeway bakery just like a sheet cake and she's like, yeah, I have too much take it and it's like it's like half eaten but there's that means there's like what's half of 11. Like what is that Five Points? Five, it's eight. She gives us an eight by five and a half sheet cake, and she's like eat it. of course, my fat ass was like Yeah. Who's going to eat the shit? So for lunch because I yeah for lunch. We I literally just eat the sheet cake and I'm like four slices of this cake and I would be lying to say that wasn't the highlight of my day because I love birthday cake. It's so good. They're just like the the sugar content is should never be allowed in any food, but it's so good. I can't Over it. It's so good. Oh my God, my friend just texted me. That's so funny cause I don't get time. So I usually get excited this happens. But at school as a high schooler, I we we were required to get two years of P. Meaning everybody does freshman PE and then so when your next three years you have to do p somehow you can either play a sport at school or you can do like a class like yoga or something, but I don't want to change at school. So My friend is the captain of the golf. So she's like, okay just don't just do golf and I'm like this on athletic girl who's never touched a golf ball. I've never even stood on a golf. Track a golf playing field and I the only the only way I can avoid not doing a PE at school is to do women's golf in the fall because you know, it's 11 weeks. It's better than doing the year that and I can't play any other sport. My only other option is cross country and I listen if you think this is the voice of a runner you were highly mistaken. Every highly insanely mistaken. I tried running the other day. I could not go more than four minutes on the treadmill at like speed 5 so you already know golf is the way I'm going because I can't change at school. I don't want to so yeah, I will be on the fall JV women's golf team my senior year of high school for 11 weeks. Because I need because I need might be eaten it because I just never took a PE. Like I never it never came up. Like of course I thought about it because okay. Here's here's the thing. I stood I danced competitively ninth grade tenth grade 11th grade, not 11th grade actually like from seventh grade 10th grade. I did competitive dance. I just assumed like yeah my senior year I'll just do dance at school and yeah, like I don't see the problem and then I realized you know my school. I'm sorry, but the girls on the dance at her school or so, bitchy and I haven't danced all year. So it's like I would be terrible and everybody would be a bitch. So it's like I'm too scared to do it. I'm a little pussy. So of course, I'm not going to do it if I'm scared of it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's another little snapshot summary of my life. I asked my friend how long this this this podcast should be and she said 15 minutes and I'm already over the 15 minute Mark. So I guess that's it for trout trout Rod one say that 10 times fast. I guess. That's a if you listen, thank you. You did it. I don't blame you. This is probably the most boring thing I've ever done. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for listening.