Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping people to learn and build a meditation practice initially. They didn't put too much thought into the practice part of it all that changed when they dug into their behavior data and discovered that users who had taken pains. Insta schedule a daily reminder in the app settings were much more likely to stick around when they proactively prompted new users to set a daily reminder after completing their first meditation session calm saw a three-fold increase in Daily retention and according to their analytics platform amplitude this boost impacted weekly and monthly retention as well calm increase the success of their product by making it easier for their users to remember to use the app for its core product. Value if you make Weber mobile products, you're actually in the business of task management, you're counting on your product to become a recurring part of your customers lives in order to accomplish that you have to motivate your users to build a new habit. Sometimes software companies forget that what they're building isn't just a product that people find valuable part of what you're building is how people will find an experience that value it's easy to overlook because it seems like enough of a challenge to build a Great product that really helps users with their needs but humans are a bit absurd. We don't get around to fulfilling all our goals checking off all our to dues or following up on our resolutions. These are the people you're working with. So how do you engage and retain these absurd people? Let's look at one key to making new habits that stick Behind The Habit motivational triggers. Habits don't begin with action. They begin with a trigger to action behavioral design expert knee real illustrates how you form habits or manufacture Desire with his hook model. You guide users through a certain sequence of experiences from trigger to action to reward to investment and repetition matters here as a all explains the more often users run through them the more likely they are to self trigger. Note how product usage the action in ales hook model is step 3. Not one or even two regular reminders like those from calm are triggers the first step to building a habit but triggers aren't just external no matter how many external triggers you provide to people they're not going to take action if they really don't want to in the first place. There's also a crucial internal trigger that must exist within the user intrinsic motivation the drive arising from the gratification of doing the task itself comes from within when designing triggers. You're considering not only how to get the user to the product which is external but also how to connect to the internal goal of the user and what they really want intrinsic motivation provides the fuel and that's where you should be aiming with the Sparks of your Internal triggers this customer-centric component is vital because there's so much inertia to overcome to change people's behavior from an already established Groove onboarding expert Samuel Hewlett reminds us remember that people are switching to your product whether they're coming to you from a direct competitor or not. They have their old way of doing things and it's your onboarding is job to get them to experience the good life that your product offers. So the success of your Internal triggers rely on going deeper than shallow notifications and nudges it's not about the reminder or the product by themselves. Nobody is intrinsically motivated to complete their profiles or come back to the product itself. They're motivated by what they can do and get out of it. None of this works without connecting back to the users intentions and goals email reminders that trigger product engagement The Superficial take away from the hook model. Is to try to nag your customers into submission with lots of annoying triggers instead your goal is to design for relevance and persuasion in order to overcome inertia and Spark that intrinsic motivation while some external email triggers can literally be reminder messages other types of life cycle email that nudge notify teach and entertain are also types of reminders keeping your brand or product offering top of mind. Let's look at a few examples of emails. That serve as motivational triggers deliver value in the message itself. 15-5 is a team management software that keeps track of a company's pulse with weekly check-ins in each Friday check-in. You can set goals for the coming week which helps keep you accountable and measure your progress every Wednesday you get a very simple reminder about your goals. This is a great example of a trigger to build and maintain 15-5 engagement. It's reminding you of the goals that you yourself. Elf set hello intrinsic motivation prompting you to action now with this midweek check-in. I get a chance to consider my progress and course, correct instead of Friday coming around and realizing I never got around to my stated goals. The smart move here is that the action 15-5 wants you to take is user-centric review your goals. Even if you don't click on the view your 15-5 button to go into the app, you're getting value out of the message because Not forcing it a log into the product of you those goals instead. The email reminder is acting like an extension of the product amp up the anticipation. What about building habits for businesses with physical products like subscription boxes and services the mean actions you want your customers to take involve interacting with physical products. However, that doesn't mean you can't design stronger triggers to engagement. Gypsy the monthly beauty product Subscription Service sends a preview into what you can expect in your upcoming Glam Bag the eventual action Ipsy wants its customers to take our to enjoy the products from its monthly Glam back while the contents of the bag are curated by FC and a bit of a surprise if she realizes that there's pleasure in the anticipation. So they amp up the excitement with a sneak peek which increases the customers gratification upon receiving the subscription. And enjoyment of the whole Ipsy experience get people back on the horse the video hosting platform wistia reaches out to new users to trigger the key action of uploading your first video in most cases new users never get to the action step of the hook model because they never returned after their first session. That's why triggers are so key lives get busy. And sometimes you need to prompt new users to do something to get to their aha moment reminders to pleat a particular task aren't just for new users either. Here's a recurring reminder from the newsletter tool review their connecting back to the users goal send an effective newsletter and providing a timely path back to finish that task smart touches to spark the users internal motivation here include providing quick metrics for the previous issue sent and a tip on social sharing for making the next issue successful the result of sending effective external triggers back to your product. Businesses dream scenario people actually want your emails Duolingo uses a very similar approach to calm as both meditation and learning a language take practice practice practice Duolingo is daily reminder emails provide a quick nudge to keep you on track and these reminders are a value-add feature that users can choose to set up emails and notifications have been extremely effective in bringing people back declares. Gina got Hills Duolingo is VP of growth and Market. getting the proof isn't just in the retention rate Duolingo users actually find these reminder emails valuable people actually expect them to arrive in their inbox as part of their Duolingo user experience such that they miss them when they don't the success of your product relies on the success of your behavioral design guidance to value and benefit and Paving the way to repeat meaningful engagement will motivate users to interact with your product again and again, Draw on the perspective of the user escape the insularity of company Centric interactions and realize there's a consequential world outside the pixels of your product. Thanks for listening to this episode of the near and far podcast. You can always find more at my blog near and far.com and don't forget. If you have a question you'd like me to explore in a future episode. Leave me your question the form a review for the podcast on iTunes.