Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnetHi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to that.Least think about them a little bit differently. Okay, according to the article several of the articles. I just read about it. Most Americans believe that somewhere out. There is there there is a soulmate for them this perfect person made when the universe began but will be a partner to us like nobody else ever and sometimes people at believe it's all kind of mystical and we're all waiting to I run into our soul mate who will complete us totally and everything will be absolutely wonderful. And if you see Natalie Portman out there tell her I'm her soul mate. Okay the difficulty with that. I don't know where the term originated and I'm going to do a little more work on that the difficulty is and again you can get caught up with Destiny and what's meant to be and what you choose. There are elements of everything in everything. So I don't want to say that it has to be either or but the soul mate concept can be dangerous to this extent if you're out will and we fight Hollywood all of the time on all of these Concepts if you listen to Hollywood someday Some Enchanted Evening, in fact, you will meet a stranger and somehow, you know. They said in South Pacific and that may or may not be true. You could work with somebody for two years and then one day it catches fire. So it doesn't often happen that this love at first sight and we mentioned earlier today that love at first sight can sometimes be tricky because it sometimes means that something about this person reminds us of our family of origin and it might be a good thing or not a good thing to try love is a huge issue. And probably the biggest decision will make in our lives and it's not a good idea to make it at first glance. Oh, no, so but the myth is that all of a sudden you'll meet this person. You'll know you'll be in an ecstatic state. So will they and it doesn't take into account that the hormones will drop down from the ecstatic state. They're in when we first meet over some months or some years and then it won't be quite as electric and Amor no, it will not and if we're looking for a soul mate, we can delude ourselves for months or years and say I've never been so happy this person has incredible beliefs that are similar to mind at all of this is working out all but magically and you can for a while kind of make this person fit a mold that he or she doesn't fit into and that's not fair because we can't ask One to be anyone there not we have to take people as they are and get to know them and but you can end up caught in a cycle of fantasy followed by disillusionment because you know, there are people who think that at least on two or three occasions. They have met their soulmate and find out you know in a horribly disappointing way that that's not the case. I talked with someone not that long ago who had had this happen to her twice in a short period of time. I'm and those are the scenes where in the movies they either play the Alleluia chorus or sweet Mystery of Life. I found you. Okay, when these people meet but it's not often that way some say one in about 10,000 would be about the odds of finding this person who is perfectly going to fit with us and the very famous family therapist. John gottman who has been on the New York Mets. Seller list very often and it's very often quoted now points out that we need to build something meaningful together and not really expected to happen, magically. Yeah, okay the best relationships and the longest lasting relationships. We have made a conscious decision to be in that relationship and to work at it as much as we can. Yeah, and If we love each other magically that's wonderful. And that might come first but more often it comes later and slowly and it can be just as magical in a slightly different way. So this is just kind of a warning to be careful of the soul mate context. And one thing that I want to add to that is that if you have this idea that your partner or your ex either or is your soul Wait, then it doesn't matter how they treat you or what they do. You're going to tolerate it and I've heard that too because in some level you're going to believe that you're Miss messing with divine intervention. And who are you to change what was predestined for you? And this person that was meant to be your partner forever. So they cheat or they lie or they mistreat you they abuse you and they neglect you and then they say well, I'm your soul mate you can't do Do this you're going to forgive them. You're going to tolerate it because they've manipulated you. Yes, and I have an example for you. I can remember a woman I worked with for quite some time and she told me about the love of her life her soulmate Etc, but he was abusive and when they broke up, he stole all of her jewelry and I think I said to her help me understand where you're coming from here. How does this fit with the whole feeling of used to Real life when you saw me and she was quite surprised that I would ask, you know, and that's a classic case of cognitive dissonance as Craig points up. Everything says you're supposed to be perfect, except you're not but I still want you to be yeah, you know, so if you have the belief that your ex or your partner is your soul mate, you might want to erase that language and look at their behavior. Yes, exactly like okay exact calling someone your soul mate. I don't think it really does anything to enhance anything other than the fairy tale that you're creating for yourself. And I think it could be dangerous it can be and I think somewhere in there is a wish that we all have as human beings to again be fused with our mothers as we were after we were born in the in the few months after we were born with all of our needs met Etc in a magical kind of way. And it just doesn't work that way. No, we work at a love relationship is the biggest relationship you'll ever make it's always extremely serious business and we want to be actively involved in the decision. So don't let somebody mistreat you and then say but I'm your soul mate. You have to stay we have to make this work. I know I think a lot of narcissistic guys would do something like that. Yes, because they would abuse you and manipulate you to distort reality to Get you to do it and then Swan you're my soul mate. We'll work it out. You have to take me back Ill my soulmate you right. So be careful careful of that company careful of Hollywood is not the best resource for learning about love. Yeah, what's the divorce rate in Hollywood horrific like 98 percent, right and they're telling us how love supposed to work. No only in the movies is they want to it's a fantasy, you know, Cinderella is no more real than Was right. Well, I have money set my house, maybe Romans and more realistic expectation of a relationship guns have never made anything for me never showed a thing. You got lazy might lazy - yeah, but just think about it and keep an open mind to what we're saying because if you don't you could find yourself tolerating somebody mistreating you or chasing after the love of somebody who's left you for somebody else and yet they say, I love you. I want to be with you so much. Yeah. If they don't pick up the phone or they canceled dates on you or they don't actually make plans to see you. Yeah, the what's real is really the most solid hmm again actions speak louder than words do so. Hopefully you found this helpful and gives you some food for thought. Okay, so if you want to get our help personally just go to my website as Craig dotnet sign up for the coaching option that works best for you. I could do email coaching Skype coaching. If you got to get with me right away, I do offer emergency Skype coaching. Margaret is also available. Yes, if you want some ancient wisdom, you'll want to contact me just click on Margaret at the top of the website and you can sign up for a coaching whether there be sure to add me on Twitter. Check out my work books on the website. I think you guys are going to absolutely Love them. It's going to keep you working hard and staying motivated and be sure to subscribe to the channel. I always forget to tell them that that's it for this video. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I've coach Margaret and we will talk with you soon. I'm Craig Kenneth a relationship coach and a psychotherapist. Every relationship is different and every breakup is different work with me and you'll get professional help on your situation. Just click on the link in the description below or go to my website as Craig dotnet.