Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues.It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably That's enough start with the are the start 11 boys until five changes. Yeah, thanks changes Davis coming to meet with Gomez am getting a good little part good little partnership there and you ask him and calm commended me down down and I see ya and woke up the left. It's hardly walk up ladies as well because I was with yeah good sit good team goes down 11, please please. I figured it'd be a lie. Don't you think you'd obviously it with Arsenal's the game went before me be I'm not an opportunity to talk to that. I'm not know they were free poor guy. Probably can see that their dreams any surprise to see big McGee and Coleman come back here and possibly yeah, that's only because I mean it was mean at answer the email at Bay for the goals against Arsenal and so maybe it maybe there are some something having them. I was just lost yeah. Yeah makes fortified changes every games as we thought. To keep everyone fresh. Yeah. I don't think it was that wrong if he played well again yesterday didn't we sold their disappointing one point from two games? You know, that really we should have full control in my opinion on come on is there today is he as he wasn't charged yet? I guess these gave away my again we score very alien, obviously some of the Arsenal game difference what we could've went to off to UCLA. The chance that the yeah could say from the Gaya play after that them again. We saw some not so hard for something. That's what we allow them to come back into the game, you know, some sort of United now and United to be fair to have improved. I've only since last year she has a lot of money who say that's going to be one of the most expensive teams, isn't it? Yeah, I was wrong and it's a plane in the Premier and they did do a lot of - important hit me with the ball movement the how quick Will you close on the down please? You know when you actually analyze the chances that they had most of the chances of us from tier two yards out. I think the only time that the Edgar if the line wasn't it was been a mass. It's actually at the bar was it was it was a flight back was it got down over Fred or pull the bag? Yeah. He is it you never got behind as once you understand how it is a message is Tony's wasn't in shock as long as there's been shot here. You know, I think if covid pretty much of a boost of what what what you can talk about it in terms of that lineup and I'm being competitive in the game that that up that probably has been one of the biggest frustrations of the silver that we just weren't in these games at all the times. I've seen the back end the last season obviously we did that the foreign delegation is and what I'm here for to go away at Arsenal I force, you know, it was refreshing to actually be competitive in that game. We are, you know, we have got a squad now capable of Shuffle and a few players around, you know, obviously City become up for Human beings is obviously to a pea size and style for Luca Dean. Yay, you know, there's a lot to be happy about about what we can bring in at the moment unlike you saying think a United. I've got a very expensive side there and although I'm a children's a lot of use of unfair thing is one of us a 50. Mil. Kylie is shorter. So you always got that your heads. Yeah, you really expect much help. There's only mentality wasn't an agreement with you didn't cost more than most fun cause they're over there seemed a little only actually together wasn't it cost anything for your hand, but I'm G Isabel. I think we're good atmosphere yesterday as well. Wasn't it? You know you are starting to you are starting to feel the difference of being in the goods. You can crowd. You know, she before they gave up to the glad the streets 1938 on the Dixie Dean banner. I wish you remember in the 40 years since the great Dixie Dean. There's no longer with us. But you know, what what a strikingly wasn't and what about you know about it again misery was unbelievably Nice Notes as well with the mascot. Yeah, the old Catherine the old ball and makes little Toto. What I'm talking about Partnerships anyway, you know, we mention it about obviously tons AV start next 200 Gomez and I know he's not everyone's cup of tea ahead Full Steam open doesn't sort of untwisted a couple weeks ago about Tommy some TVs and if you don't like him either as a what about you know, anyone that knows Steve-O, he's not confrontational tall and I think he ended up getting bombarded on Twitter the day and into stick up for him. But you know, he favored like I guess he plays well and All about we've said this or a lot on these podcasts or Bible classes recoil, but you know yet about Partnerships is now I'm for whatever reason Davies and Gomez seem to have a bit of a bottom there. You know, they're on the same way you left where you've learned violently there's a few hours and then in the team if you look at the whole days and mean and I think I've got a good little partnership going when deeply flavors and Gomez and the child some covid Loom. So that's why like through the Malia team you getting a few nice little partnership there that just with us. Seems to work. I mean anyone, you know Gomez eat. It's the new man. I think most players in our atmosphere leaving Schneider. They William Gomez's playing don't be yeah, you know, he's such a important asset to our team and again when they actually won yesterday, you know, I mean, we're talking about the conservation more the ball that he was saying the three wasn't yeah, but it will allow horses right over the stuff. And it was a lot of talk about that is because a lot of people have said like, you know, you have a left Winger but you're right wing and you can't be a right wing and left wing, you know, it's like but you know a top level we can get should be able to change sides, you know, and there's some reservations whether he has been able to play that and yeah, it was nice to see him play. Well such an intelligent player. That was me. I think you can put them anywhere on the pit. And you do a good job, and I'm actually a national game Authority buddies or idea called when pulling off the rights as well. Yeah, it gives us those options and And obviously with the much more lines field wall costs hasn't been everyone's favorite player. But you know the last contribution that great cross to record it, but just just as a clerk. There you go. We got injured straight after the first kind of feel will cut along isn't it sometimes but it'd be nice to have another options on there. I don't leave said called countless times. We don't think City baby. It's an option on the right wing. So being a fly in there. There's probably not a good thing. My neighbor again. I was on Old players, you know, there's therefore that. I thought my whole team played well mr. Z You know there again is a baby giraffe picnic season was changing the center after the game and he came in tonight. And then you got allows you to Simply a little while all the time. I'm here. Yeah Hoagies GCL. Yeah, I'm stands on extra days. But mostly they aged 10 years back. Yeah afraid he is it's actually, you know, we can't just pass it this when Southgate come upon the are the big screen and I think we sat next to my cell, but honestly, Lucky Bastards him. So we you know, we actually have said no to the left start 11 would English players which in the Premier League, you don't really see that much anymore. Do yet not all the socket and charging and charging absolutely no confidence in mr. Nice guy. These players is be picked for anyone from the completely selfish point of view because you know before some The Shopper in there and the so-called Sky 6 and we'll come in and try and get them. Yeah, so I look like me go to this on Stacy got 10,000 pounds off with Johnstone's formation Hobbies. Yeah, no chance. It's interesting actually because obviously all three of us sat down D is available at some stage probably criticize Mason all Gates and you know, yeah only hands up I up, you know, we I think we've all seen that on the shoulders they on the chin that we know we are but it's nice to be proven wrong and it's what you wanted a blue, you know, you want to be proven Wrong by these plays and Mason all beautiful on Leaps and Bounds. I wasn't any continues anymore. So here you've got quite a lot of the interests of Alton Everglades picked up who for England's it sounds because of pressures who unto them seven. Would you be looking at in the Autos cover them? Yeah. He's the man for him. And he's the one throwing gold and what you think was play because I was as well. I don't need England and you can compare time beings with them. I mean the aliens has done. Well, is it good year with people you have a few and goodies these shells you'll become a man any yeah, obviously an amount of stats before he scored more goals since ancelotti. So covid and every other Yahweh in the Brenda the other starts Barbies now 25 starts and 15 goals, which is impressive in its own right? I was the last 10 games since angelotti took over. He scored 8 goals. He's no shit on facing the eagles, which is only second and the Premier League era to Tony coffee of 16 colors, I think. It's just the classification those the cards he and at the moment. He's just have to put the glasses on for that as well. Which passed the ball to me is getting Michael Caine plays. Well, would you have confidence with now? It's almost. I was at the mall. I mean things are outstanding but obviously he's not going to he's just yeah, but it'd probably look at a car with a win on you didn't it's just impressive one for you Davies complete and seven out of eight long passes, you know, we talk a lot about trying to press the ball up the field and play the brave but something only from the internet will leave the house and people saying, you know look the other way and he's doing stuff like that to me the things we like me. We're going to go into certain press out yet. So get outside get that fell from life's time and again, which is need rice. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. I mean you did not that museum people is a cognitively well funny enough when you say understands. It's the best we were trying to remember yesterday the game every but without a couple of drinks at the time. So it's never that easy, but you're trying to remember the game. That sounds evasion Andre Gomez as a Excellent game this season. I mean remember distinctly, you know do bouncing off each other and it was actually Westheimer Dome and I remember that day because people were joking online about some taken basically just exactly right being nowhere near Tom Davies on the pitch and he just convincingly bastard West time on that day, you know and maybe just say more about Gomez though. It does make that big difference. Doesn't it? Very few games. Like you said I think by season as well Davis has a good run the team when he was playing with almost of me. Yeah. You know, it is 21 you note of it he'll help from play an extra one of the things I started really bottom. Yeah, because this has more time you do you need you know, you need these positive influences on the field really don't ya who would you say was that the man of the match yesterday? So there was a normal of him. I'd say under the three. Yeah, I'd say the free the store that was covid Lewin beans. And until it was easy. Yeah, they then to have really stood out - and then there was also the result of good performances wasn't it? Yeah, usually called atle plays. Oh, yeah, I think the spine I did ironically we talk jump like this before like your boxers with spending money almost since we got recently as a bit of money to spend but you know how much I mattress whole case all the Molina which was Davies obviously nothing from the and Got me system other than Sigma 2. Well you have so maybe this is easy five minutes of stilted and I'll put on videos for performances in at times amongst other plays that we spent country fortunes on. Yeah, but you know Leighton Baines at 35 now would you often will have a contract at the end of the season? Yeah. Yeah definitely was definitely I think that's often comes. Like a couple of scuffles wasn't that and that yeah, she wasn't. Yeah, I mean say Michigan stalking me for the few tasty challenges and in the end the two others, I mean come on even playing we where stars are we sure? That'd me and you obviously see the fact that he was playing on the wing and he played there for Swansea quite a bit and he just doesn't seem very probable that in size tend to my position in a folder. So, you know, so you obviously gone out why Whoever is right along the Asian but it did actually play really. Well didn't they? Yeah, I'll be facing I like the solution to the new less to do with Rocky don't really cause I'm always thought a little bit too late. Yeah around impact, but it was a good defensive substitution. Wasn't it? Yeah, you know, they'd rather than blaming it on the it was it mean that or someone just to see the game. I was some hick the point something for it. And obviously we were robbed. Oh, yes. Yeah. I think he can play well as well, you know, we've discussed this before what you know use price again. He was EV it was it was fast across the picture, but he does look a different place in Santa Claus is coming it. Yeah, and I'm slicing at the press conference. I see that as am Jones put out an article about it from The Echoes talking about obviously until I see that said that rich arcing can play right or left as well. And it you know, it's an option available, you know, this should needed to play key than TCL up top, but unfortunately due to the fact that Richardson is a geologist playing that well together. It's each of us about this time. Yeah, as you know, at least I'm welcome, you know easy start the show starts to show signs, huh? It's worth probably mention is I hope she I was with more you skiing again the other day, I was invited over it shoelaces and then I cars events over to go to some Park the other few months weeks and which was great. You're having a it's greater to be invited on these things. You know, like she had I done training through something that I can't probably over just about 12 months ago. It was nice to go back and be invited in by then there. Not heaven. It was actually chelation that I can't invited me and it was nice hundred and fifty schoolchildren with a the Lord made of Liverpool was there yeah, Virginia tens of and which contains up but yeah, you know you have a gym is up. Yeah, Virginia was on the bench the other day and yeah, I was actually made up to see you know, because I didn't really know much about so and then he was very impressive about events. He was on that there was loads of occasions where you have to pick up the microphone and answer questions. The kids were asking who were journalists and yeah virginie just kept grabbing the right moment to speak and teach them about bullying and teach them about racism. They're not a good young player. I don't got either one an oppressive your money is obviously we feel very impressive spent a lot of time with people signatures photographs and all that but to see Virginia then Ted up on the bench and his loan spell probably wasn't the best but nice to see you on the bench after that event as well. Yeah, because you know that I think the same day actually getting meaner and a child, so I'm going to school They doing that dance. Oh now that's a but you know, it's good isn't it, you know everything the community certainly treasured and I see all these players going out into the community on the Z's off and you know, you're looking at that float line. Now, we've got the 20 year old you're 22 years old in the 22 years old. So it's been three options. It's you know, you can see baby. You never question the projects, you know the options there was that the documentary was a called the architect. Yeah. I want to see what did you think of that that equals and you feel like you don't ya Not see if you like it in safe hands and like he knows what he's doing but he's always other very good and you don't do it. But if I should like fun how obviously cut hidden beneath the big bad that we're going to be groundhog about how an army with a big fun how many times you know, I was just thinking you had some very impressive people not just talkin about How well he's on there, but how many times you see when someone leaves the club in the club goes to shit? Yeah, and he almost they all said the same thing that when he left that you let you know, we left it in a much better place than when he picked it up and I thought well whatever happens you do get the feeling say I think when you look at the front line that we are starting to see maybe if you know a future for that now, yeah under Carlo ancelotti his brother. Yeah, that is not so nice what sort of sound like to the Gomez and I was nothing always. Yeah, that's some quality players. At the end of the curiosity is you know, how biased I think the pressures to say and seems yeah the marks out of a attending the are the Daily Mirror and you gave me so many 8 out of 10. You had some great moments and gave go my 7 and they also gave GCL 7. Like the worst one is the child. Somebody gave you wasn't crazy. You don't know the highest and he laughed at me and supple exactly in the first few minutes. Yeah. You got them by then. Yeah, you gave him six now. We always do a complimentary to everybody else saying you don't listen again doing that the game where the cows and the variable a story like journalists and ways and David mother put the child's and threw himself around the pit. I think how can you justify that and this was a nobody these are biased yeah. Or pundits as well in the town. That's an old an old more than people used to be a lot less paper. Now. It's a national in English or four people. I just about anything. Also we're waiting - with it. It's gonna kinda give him six out. How do you give me Tony 8/8 and Gomez 7i G CL 7. It's funny. You should say that actually deserve Roger Armstrong a tree started off a very good podcast for anyone that's listening to ask me as I would definitely recommend. It's called the are the blue half podcast. And I'm Roger actually I'd say even Magic on Hon. Hey, either, it's a very good one to listen to and what he you know, he doesn't hold any punches. He says today that you know, are you biased against Evan? Yeah, and you know, it turns out I think he's actually kind of Alex on the fun cause there's this misconception that he is, you know, there's a pool fun. Ahem. I need those toilets obviously about yeah. Yeah. Like that, but he does talk about bias towards it and sides and he kind of doesn't really tonight. Yeah, he kind of says that obviously the all work on clicks and old man sits now. So this case two is Young. Yeah, how can you have some color scheme? So you miss excellent pool manager in there Manchester United to Captain we can an animal Liverpool player. Come on stealing home and see my view. Yeah, where's the egg with the other handle? Absolutely. Yeah, and then you listen to me. the analysis of it symbolically as they see what the most like miserable people is that I think they're just like well we can assume is also about Pop and Catelyn King called the gay uncles in each other since he more Halligan fellows on the Telly dancing the younger personality between and then you've got to measure saying I have an old one of the nothing yet. But his explanation to why the gold sugar stood right? He's just an idiot. Yeah. It's frustrating is that you know, and you do the same. This week you see the match of the day. Yeah. Matt is a tip. It was like the eyes are five shots on target. You sure. Yeah, even the back pass from their Fernandez with you down to see in the analyze menu license performance and pick the two mistakes and they didn't analyze any of our players. It makes you wonder doesn't it, you know because the other day I you know, who obviously we've asked Leon a couple times particularly. Timely buddy. They are Mossman is particularly good My opinion why not a monster aye I mean, we're paying our subscriptions like anyone else obviously weird after game, but you know, if you're like me, you probably want to watch the back and you know, you don't want to see if they have about these buyers because it's no problem is going to be honest want to be on these and actually lasers, but I've another an actor that more as well. Not just not and even if the whole night This is one for you as well. Actually it was on the royal blue Macy's article. They put up. These are there the fact that ever than the fast after the games now under silver we would get ready for straight away because we almost needed to can see the golden 44 minutes to come out the second half and play. All right. Well eight goals we've now had in the in the first 15 minutes of the marches. Which is the same as month City? I'm only one behind the pool for the hook. So, you know, we rolled meat for me on the silver. There was a lot of chasing the game at times was never never would in a position to close again town and obviously you shaking the table, you know, I'm sure that he's almost given us a puncher's chance now move within that game and then closing it down all those stairs. And you know, yeah, we're gonna be done that position for a long time. They're leaving some of the chance everybody, you know in charge of everything that we know. Well, it was obviously the Arsenal ladies with pension and Israel. And I do think you know, obviously the other the fan base now, we've had some you know move rightly being frustrated will be the shit. We've been saved up and Science and it's not being good ones around szalasi. There does seem to be Academy. Yeah, I believe the, you know the deal, you know, it feels as though the re galvanized, you know, and ask them all the way got to the enmity of a week and it was absolutely bouncing like I would that be nice anyway, because I everybody will instructors out for the are their feet watching the field he fights and on the early train down, but we walked into the stadium bouncing all singing Carlo ancelotti songs, right the way through the game and asked I'm no let-up everyone single color and she like there's a belief then I was may know people people of the you know, I'm Carlo ancelotti almost brings this credibility and I think obviously will go on to obviously a send enough, but it just makes him sound stupid, but I will always Made up if any sense of a heartbeat. Yeah, you know, it was great that old happy and that made me laugh like him because he's not normally like that is he's normally calm and I don't even think he don't have any and I was of all of these matters anymore. He just wants to fight are cold and doesn't even know when you see some of these managers, you know that get away with me as a Dumpty, you know, the way they behave as it sounds you fool. Hey Matt. Yeah. Well, I mean, I mean door mommy didn't sweat. No it wasn't in this face and that definitely was so elegant the way daddy branded. It can see it was as if he was waiting for his 15 minutes of fame. And that was it. Yeah, you know the clown the poles at the assistance to job with John Wayne and we've had them before and he's think he's on the catwalk that Yeah, Breen's downtown that line. I'll see you tomorrow a few pots ready to him back another bit of a bicep positively and it's never because idea to do that because as soon as you do that, it's just going to end up with more than I thought again if that's the left has been changed in games. Yeah, why put it the position where that even look for question, you know, it's a big and it's probably swear talking about this actually right? Well, that's all. All set and guess who was in castles of our referee John lat? Yeah. Yeah. So it's you know, I'm you know, I'm not being funny and he said this time and time again, we'll just keep pushing it until until she's a changed me a lot the not that they are you a favor or the premier that you can listen to these podcasts, but I don't care. Well, why have we got the biggest League the biggest players the most money is riding on this and we've got the same crop of incompetent. Definitely see why why can't we have a top Italian official just not pay lose your cleaner, but why can't we get a wise after be an income, you know this incompetent bunch of English, never and Excel in the past, but you still want to name a good referee every time every time you got one of matting issue the left in your life in the only thing with that is you do have to shit their families because it's given a lot Both of these Asian really ask me but it's not that mistake if it's the left lie at the games get the stick. Yeah, and it's amazing. Isn't it? Also a lie? Yeah, and he made making decision where he's going to raise all along and if not being 45 percent next year. You're going to have to me aren't you you're in a Min ago and like you it just human nature that they're going to look after the shop. So why don't you have an independent body in the background that that are looking at these things that are totally separate from the referees Association. I'm either you have to be English. We've got you know, we've got We've got a multi National League where you know, coaches players physios the from every corner of the world. Why do we have to just have English referees City when they're not good enough and it's costin called Big Money Mason is yeah. That's the runs over there Carlo ancelotti made. This comment has really said, it's not me Fair should I cast it won't be me last an amazing. How about that? Yeah. I mean, I'm just sticking with the fists, aren't we? Yeah. First time and effort has been sent off and this new process. Yeah, which is my first a manager to be cents off isn't it? And then this new rule and whatever I want. Yeah First Call to Arms and on goals are still have not shut up sad. I mean if you're just just when you think you've seen it all yeah did the astral obviously did the first play of Panther diamond. Yeah with the ugly at the club Affairs that we are the original site of the T-Rex knows yet. What seems to be the originals with the FAA rules right long may continue Having going to go into the alley. The vows of a decision anyway, yeah. Yeah. I'm going to show you first of all, what was the line match? It's gone Suva and then I'm gonna come on. Season maybe like apples United. Yeah, I mean obviously the buying anyway the top as well, but yesterday I mean, okay technically speaking a citizen as off sighs like what you've been yes cut the two ugly by - yeah, so a couple of seconds to show that yeah, he's got nowhere near the ball got rolling key. You're saying why is he sent me sitting there? Because you've been close. Yeah, that's why and then the other four say to move is up is the example way. The really don't have the essence of sides. Yeah cut the cut that are being obviously was that widget that that because easy constitutes a reckless challenge that because he was nowhere near the ball was it and I could have sent me the leg breaker that they have neither the gas speed you came in on them yet, but nobody's even mention that you haven't even mentioned the have the only one who really taught about I know what went into the Germans. Then she realized it was an offensive and change the subject. Yeah, and the good the good thing would be near Leighton Baines on the pitch. So you wouldn't have to put up with cigarettes penalties. Yeah, he was about somebody can actually take advantage of it. You just listen to me to be fair. He was very very good was me you said there's no way. To Gail was gonna get back. He said he saw Stephen to size. All the weights was on that side. And if you say any couldn't see the ball, well, how come he's going that way? Yeah someone at the ball the balls going that way so it's McGuire. Yeah, so he could see a Sig Hansen's laying on the floor. And what's the guy a six-foot once in four to six four five and six? Yep, you know, we need a big lat. How can you see over the felonies lines out will do the actual rule. This is the this is the Flop from near the old scripture software says prevent an opponent's from playing. Being able to play a ball by clearly obstructing the opponent's line of vision and now like you say is height six four five, you know playing it on the floor, but he's going away the balls going until it's McGuire. Yeah, so we can see the ball you can see you can see those what it's like to speak to somebody in the car. Goals can goal to see the goals have been over to Anna season United about six. We've had none penalties this season United said we've had none. No it's not. That's why experiences used now the other way, you know, even using them the human skull found yesterday. I know there was no virus that in that but they'll have been dropped. Yeah, it was even Noble playhead see that that was real as War wasn't it? Yeah, and it sounds as all we my city again getting all dirty and other Sky 16 and a big decision and loving feel that the court it would arise to compete for it. It does it does Spheal doesn't matter is being implemented incorrectly. You know it you did not use in the picture hydrolysis. There was talk of inside it but the same referee that hadn't been using the picture monsters within the champions league and he used them in the Champions League. So obviously there's a different direction Chuckles leads what he's been told in the Premier League. So it does feel there's no the plenty of the are implemented in a way that it's not correct, you know, the mainly they're doing their own thing, but the Everton fans for them obviously to find The Revolution and over letter for the premier league and and it's my understanding that they've still to really receive acknowledgement of that and now you don't have to answer it as such but you have to acknowledge that they've actually received it and still to this day. There's no acknowledgment, you know, and it is ruining that you know, I think a couple of people have mentioned this in and said that obviously they are going to chase this off with the Premier League. It's not good enough. There's it, you know, I didn't ruin it. It's ruining it for you know, where paid a fortune every week to go and watch Everton football club. That's you know, it's what you live and breathe you've got people from America coming over to watch a game and you know, it's ruining the excitable is a fun game. You were scared to celebrate. The Chelsea Manning was me thinking again. We ensure allows going to stand. So it's like a delay before you can celebrate its humidity light, but there was no delay of the surely this that Mitch was Lift Us above my head. That's nearly three minutes half hour. It was just a decision was named the top six of the day was me. You don't really want that game with two prints off United now. We're still Five Points off them. Yeah, and it's a but you seem to be talking more and more about it each week. Laughs yeah, probably argue. It was a fiery swords. Yeah. I thought we were getting stronger as the game went on the United played a lot of here possession football to do for your staff. What are you you probably say it was good game probably out of uses or incompetence and far. Yeah, and then the referees accounts again. Yeah, you know what it's getting tiresome the same being on the ends of these the wrong ends of these decisions every time is one of these decisions have been these. Yeah. Yeah, but also you going We're putting over you should review the game comes out. It's just it's a different type of frustration. Now, it's let me see it actually seen the goal of the game to put it up in this. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, that's a disaster. That's unbelievable. Yeah. We didn't even touch the ball. It was it was about me. I just don't know what the deals are anymore, but I really don't I seen something talk about this and I think I get again. It's become that confusing now you like Fair say second phase fed face. There's all these phrases to call other people playing football. He didn't really ask them coming up and it's just be called Mike, you know, I don't think Tim it's not them it's only because he probably wasn't as off making holes here and they were talking about the fact that you know that it is open to interpretation. It was interpretation that work on the shit. You don't know what color she hate. You've got on boots they might as well. - yeah, because I thought that's what it does for you like it and you know it did he to get a need to get a grip of it because it's gone too far and it took me to our gay people off the Game Belongs to the funds, you know Everton football club, you know, it's been going on long before all these officials are you know, this process has been going on now and it will go a long after it belongs to the pharmacy enjoyment of the funds and I just feel like they're taking that away from the shuttle just help protect the status quo and shouldn't be happy. And now so I thought I'd probably will probably just pop off for the night. Obviously if we're from the mention as well. We went to the blue base after the game. It was nice to see Alex and James from the are the USA toffee podcast through seem to have a bald-headed me. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, hey, actually it was nice to meet you obviously again for me, but for yourselves as well Tony from Chicago Blues with as bizarre fellows Rosa, you know lifelong ever. So even as well We will talk about this in the match actually because we seen a group of a full lot from France didn't make that we were chatting so great that the Bob lots of as well do a ping pong blast Road. Probably not not all that the our stylist which brought her here. They were nice bubble at all the same to him. We got to look into them and you know, we got us off and probably before the game similar to discussions about would Tony from from Chicago Blues Before bit, you know before that the game that we do, Need to do better commission either order we know and it's you know, it's a worldwide game and you know, the I think a couple of those men, you know corporate people have reservations, but we've got to move with the times, you know, it's you know, we've got to compete commercially with these big teams. Yeah under the you know, we we still can keep our identity with evident community and that's how we stick to be in the evidence. We've always known but we do need to scale it up to me. I mean, I'm probably best writer you rather than what you've been going the game since I've been born during the mean so GE ready to embrace it, you know the future of evidence of scaly that I Wilson watching a move obviously the ground moving or that we could all move. You know, we did the world wide fan base, you know, just just obviously yeah just changing the approach of what we do. Yeah. Definitely. He said yes to either won't be Blockbuster to you and this outside don't mean to me and I was what is what is we look for this? And you know, I think it is. It's such an exciting move if you don't want to the ground build. In the analytics going to be billions. And yeah, and we need to start a movement, you know you do but the sky comes to do and reach it out. Yeah, because it with the fair play We so-called Fair Play. Isn't it? Obviously you need to get as much money as we come from different name is don't we? Yeah, so you're not just going again off the local fans. We obviously got a bunch else. Yeah, and the wheels are dieting places me and I was sleeping I like how long have you been here? Now I'll let you face games this game 1972-73, you know, and obviously then you know, it's obviously l72 first gave me their evil and said to see this new edit and then think the fans are ready for our meeting. We are be we probably you know, there's always keeping your local identity installed branching out. I mean, you know, I can't give in to anything. There's such tool the minutes come out from the meeting but you know meeting so many from Chicago Blues, it's quite exciting actually that speaking to him either he really finds of these from Gaston initially eyelids open Chicago now with his wife and then he runs a fine group cause Chicago blues and just say thanks for this great scarf. Yeah, and you know, I thought I was yeah, I have some stuff that was in earlier and all that. I'm not wanted to win scarves to be honest. But you know, he's your spot on fella, you know, he can go to speak into it was our father who's been going the game again long before I've been bought you can see how much effort means sunnis. Looking to kinda really mobilize that support herbals and we do need to Branch out and we do need to have mega stores and in the u.s. We do need to capitalize on the market that they've been you know, they've got over there and so he was treated off on the other day said he did a fundraiser and Chicago for everything the community and have already infused about whatever in the community doing excited about in Chicago and that you know, I'm that it just shows you is that there's that will and desire over there to be capitalized on You look somebody's argue that it's probably you know, probably a lot later in the true the beam when we liked him. I would Landon Donovan. Yeah, and you roll back the Asian away. I didn't be catalyzed all their knees but rice but ceased because of the past look for for the future unless see what we can do now, you know letting my settlement but we've got to do is buy another his neck to be footballing talent. You have to get another server inside would be so just to show you But yeah, the blue base for anyone that hasn't been the blue base. It was absolutely balancing yesterday wasn't it? There was a as he wasn't really saying it gets more and more busy and I'm obviously, you know the but the bubbles were there we've mentioned already the largest in the u.s. A toffee podcasts Tony from Chicago Blues running board last passed by the house over there. They have to play is obviously as well who can be just as well obviously products on this podcast, but that there are only two villains assault team spend time take pictures, which is good, isn't it? Yeah. - you had a good chat is never time yesterday. It's your family. Yeah, obviously John blame you seen it again the regime he eats candida from ethnic communities always full of life as and she and are the trace ever Stuffy's. Which ours as well as every either was just a really good atmosphere in the blue Basin. You haven't been then after the game. I've got to say go there especially there's a game on because you've got all the big screens and yeah, yeah and there. Remove the chicken wings at all Isis there aren't they want them that he goes going after all the flux as such but I am I just want to say about I wish you talk about it though. He's put the are the black watch fancy much. We've got in front of his here to who has a pop he bargained, isn't it? Yeah looked at it like this. It only cost 2 pounds to buy it. And anyone that hasn't said I have a look at the front because it's got a couple of Angela seamless eagerness. Hey this child something. DCL on The Vespers? Yeah, I'm through and the back the back is good, which is what so the baby they were so the water cycle but is your socks off so glowy best. We'll just looking on now you're looking at obviously Chelsea, you know frustrate their like you so I'll be for we wanted to really at least I'm four points from what we play. But look at not only hand leads on out the how do we got to do the two points of yesteryears only these six points are See ya. You know when this show you how strongly he isn't really able to play. Well that we don't see what you've got to put poor start to the season but was in switching distance in the Champions League and that's why that is is he has to do is so poor and coconut. They very costly pulling it and put it. Yeah, she'll see me again. Not only that you're playing the Chelsea example and pounds heavy. I call it again Blanchard La ciencia as well as organized was it? All expect to get some yeah, but they haven't convinced even people that don't have to replace some of these the material in the course, you know, I think they'll publish Nancy and again, you know tells you don't get to threaten to beat them with so hopefully your future I'll see players are pick a few months or for the weekends. Yeah. I'm the counselor. Was I funny actually because when it was a slow I was speaking to a Chelsea finding them in Camden. I'm here on the old cabins and pills. Hey, are they really speaking to a Chelsea fan on and he was saying how jealous he lost it because I'm too lofty. So they never whatever wanted you to go from. She didn't as a belated me. Yeah, but you know like you say their lime party you'd only almost not within the trophy away from not being a Chelsea anymore because you know, they have to become these pregnant. Or changes and we always have slipped into that novels, but hopefully we're not going to you know, now that actually we're not gonna do that are stabilized. Yeah, you know, he's very jealous. And actually I have one large structure reason that I cars using money is a family full of they aren't I see the big boss. Yeah. Hey and you know again, you know these these these fans of big gulps. looking in or out of our evidence I'm being jealous of what we've got under Angela's you know when it's time to be excited and you know they just be nice to 10 at the sieve away or whatever them would never yeah yeah and maybe case also we have the money he's doing a great job with the man's your players with me yeah really brings is to through hopefully while sounds and because we're a bit more strong and seeing positions but yeah you know There's not many miles you to swap them for his that without Wyatt not just in the Premiership to be honest as I did and I'll talk about the Line pass. Is that even though vampire league play and he's done what he won't be there something Olivia the stunts. I mean if you repeal it unfair your sins in the stands, you will not need reservations about that was some great fakes and I say since I'm yeah. he's only method as nice as it started Sally said I know some Febreze well I don't know this sounds quite close to the dogs anyway so he's getting us New Birth now interestingly actually I was loving the top school as I looked at Dominic Kabul during its happy it's time you had a huh obviously as much although I was trying to get evidence aside and when he was over the swans and he didn't Sushi well there you know I could see a bit of Blaine and I was going to talk about some early on in the season where he was doing but he's actually however it in the eagles which is the same as Kabul their interactions and I'm like yeah yeah so when he was flying at the start of the season and it all seemed to be about time you had a hammer in your head on this great player yeah well whose cover them in school while he is he's on the heels on and I need ya I mean clearly there's a fun the Kelly's are 20 goals yeah she's got more stuff that was used to scored the most goals for an English player that evidence is Paul eyes isn't it something like that never I said this before all of our time is actually only just beyond solely solely course he's got 16 goals 93 94 and ride I've got 14 goals 94-94 absolutely laughter there's the SOB's Chaser on but he said he's one below is outside it seemed confident these freebie and coffee and uh and you know look at the hair now should be on the scene shortly after that goal was disallowed yeah you look at that now 1M let me just discuss this after Jim we've got a bit of time and I understand and you look ahead at what we've got now so we've got Chelsea away what would you be expecting there we just have a quick kind of snapshots please total me that's actually goods are ya later tells he bought show you think worst-case scenario one point yeah yeah one point where education idea rather than the same overly optimistic yeah and if you get your so Chelsea and Oman points Couple Auto 3 points. Not not not not unless you say in there nicely points towards he was shaky of a nice as well. So knowledge away people have three points. Yeah. Lester the home as well. Yeah, we should really be the relation. But yeah, really that much chemo and he had secretaries or yeah, everyone have one more shot to win. So for you anyway, possibly. Yeah spares away three points that's on fellas. Not there anymore as well, which is good the Wolves Away chicky fixture good team all the time. Yeah, that is a safety our school drawer. happy I figured as well social policy in points Valera home three points 17 Sheffield United in a way we are we don't want our way towards the end of the season safe actually pointy clears his throat I will win it every game for the season and Sheffield United away probably big game that could be the difference that's all point one Prezi creation just a small City points and you'd like to think that that we get yet Europa League I should also consider yeah I was yeah there's a dance of seventh the girl that you can't be added again I don't know what the rules are it depends of City appeal is panel not because I could drop a little place you know if the next chunk is the place to learn it I don't like you so yeah I know it's a Benji wins on the other you know that the order of competitions and all right if anybody is usually only one team and the city could play in the cup it seems like a nice wet local a living feel came out they never even couldn't go in Stokes of Evans Place in the car now that wasn't uh of the face cause you know this is gonna make it off guard yeah this is a bit of a laugh exercise but you know why I'm saying it because you're couple of months ago and we are not herself and we've got AIDS and I said if we get 34 points will stale because of the way the seasons going everyone's taking points off on and off and so forth so forth yeah we know all this time later on fancy seven points and we still got ten games to play and so it you know it what a difference you know a few months makes on the other one July see ya Uncle Victor Duncan yeah but you can't not laugh again and now that all he said yeah but you know it's all compromise and now you've got to be looking at your over there God I sound like the belief like you said earlier okay come on yeah that you're starting to believe you and also these and I don't want to know any actual fact we've got give ourselves any losses within the form before But he fancies a piece if I'm with ya. And obviously left there before we try and call The Buffy try and get to an hour and just looking at the size going to Chelsea. We all know he's going to be full for $2. No pounds of like changes in that Humvee love it because we're not playing the for to flee one anymore, which we began to hasten my line, but who would who would you did? Image apply image it mean it meaningful marking or cane which they be Keen or again. It doesn't matter if you play well, it seems to change anything. Yeah. Yeah key plays. Well, you know where? I think at least 30 of them mean about him personally, you'll be of you play. The Chelsea will be a cheery fire Stephanie. Yeah is Abraham's you may be around it was a book. I think I'll start with you to give us a but if it was she really that it would start if I'd almost prefer key. Yeah, you know what the scene 21b to to similar to the last one. I'm sorry, Susie. He's got to come back in as an e-book. I think I want to be able to only yeah, you just thought they're not in the right and start to make my own movie. It doesn't seem as a thousand but inside of my home at the device game. Yeah, I'll call the similar team. Yeah, she gets and left again ology. It sounds to bring the world case against Arsenal but that he played well in teenagers. So is he better start in there to hold now? That away doesn't know that's that's probably the biggest question probably because Outstanding boy coming play three games on the spin is about these are eating and how injured is dignity. He says casting isn't it? He says it was now officially the best left pocket in the league on stats as well who pays Lucas T. And now he's on lunch that he's now what I know. He is in your lies like because just become such a nice. Yeah, they even veins is just in you know each Just he seemed least 52 still the hands at left back there - yeah, his boss of the game. Like it's never gone out of fashion and so cool. But I show you that that's a big question mark probably left midfielder. I probably would stick with Gomez and and he's got a bit of a partnership there going. Yeah. So we're going as Davies walk us probably just still play G injured was just getting off. You just got taken off. I'll probably just about yeah did you say if it changes its offensive Junior walleye drama need kinda don't know that one of its to do I go with Keen if it's alcohol might be more than a wide would have people sensibly me in there but you can do it won't know where you sort of plays I've just go with Baynes again as well and then obviously the from to pick themselves don't lie we've gone believe it will be zombie down the left there has been as I want to go over there now but I don't you play in there as I'd say they're not but I don't think it was enough time to play more obvious fallacy it's in this thing is I just think yeah firstly the thing with cigarettes and he also he pushes these notes in the left of me so sounds yeah you can he's got to throw your husband so never play Davies on the left it will be by yes the only the yeah as a lot of other questions on show also like but I just don't like it hasn't I wouldn't do it I'm just saying that's what we have done in the past but hopefully they're right I think that's a wrap really yeah it was a bit lazy to pick for the school as you mentioned if no no you can't do yet and the United go things you're the mother yeah possibly yeah nothing I mean the keeping standards at the moment and yeah and she has been around the target yeah that's the life span of the goalkeeper and is what we've gotta get the answer because our number one yeah you get there handsome let's review in the summer it's probably outside if someone feels way secondly we really talking about anyone you made a great save after the sense that you test run for the gate was you but he tends to assess themselves doesn't if he makes an out at your assets himself and he comes again I'm he's our number-one so let's get the I just like one thing it seems again down yeah right so at the end of it this is a are sorry we didn't get one last week and I'm a big shiny to the applicant and help of also who were going to be on tonight and I'm fine thank you very much for the opportunity and hopefully we can get you on in the next couple of weeks I gotten tips that's it good night for now folks