Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick. We mean space Nick space Patrol Luke. Oh Nick or something. Oh, I should have I fucked up fucked up cuz it's trigger some nikla neck. There we go. There we go. Nick Clinic. You know what? What do you suppose has stopped? What's with all the trigger references? Let me tell you why because we are finally talking about Pro manner. Late to the party late to the party really late to the party. That's because it didn't come out yet until it's still not out, but it's on pirate sites so you can find it there now not that that's what we did. It was out. It was in theater. Yeah for like a day, but then we could make it in. Yeah I missed I missed both times. Anyway, it was only out for like a week There's no way you could have seen it not then it came back one day if there's a will there's a way I saw it. Yeah, well, I was this if there's a Pacho there's a taco that's all you need to know. No, we finally watch the dude and it was pretty cool. Do you rips? I thought it was pretty sweet. We didn't see the dubbed though. I did not watch the dove. I think Danny did you two doubles know the doubles even available? Okay, so then Danny can talk about the doves out because we Should have sub obviously but um, yeah, so we're going to talk about fucking Premier man and tell you what we thought about it. I thought it was pretty sick, but when we can get into it later on, yeah, but yeah, we're late to the party. So everyone shut up. Okay, give us give us some room to breathe. Okay, God fucking amen. Just back off. Anyway, we're going to go what yeah, so tell me how yo don't tell me how to live my life. Okay, we're going to take a small break right here and hopefully, you know, you can give me some fucking room here. Take a break God. Hey, what's up everybody? It's Sam from an amazing podcast and I want to talk to you about anchor the easiest way to make and create podcasts. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free which you can use right from your phone with the app or on your computer. Here creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds great. You can just record it right on the anchor website with a microphone on your computer or laptop or you can download the app on your phone or your iPad or tablet and record it right there. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So as soon as you upload your content and hit publish it goes to iTunes Google podcast Spotify and many other places and you can make money very easy with your podcast by activating anchor airships with no minimum listenership download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Boom check that out for me. Okay always links that anime Summit dotnet. You can find everything right there the Discord the Twitter the Instagram YouTube channels and you can go straight from like Google to Google podcast and to poop to poop. The I said poop just now Google poop casts because we know you're listening while you're on the toilet. That's what Nick does the toilet. I made an announcement Channel Emoji of The people poo poo. Yeah, I don't know why you did that on Discord Shadow to the Discord. Sure. Like why did you do that? Like it's like those funny that was him. That was him plotting to steal all of a sudden emojis. Oh, yeah plot something. I don't have opinions of my own emojis of my own. I just steal plots of the plots. He plots on the turtle it. So there you go. Um, yeah, so go there also shout-out to the new Patron blood coffee cool. He'll no no nickname. Yeah saddle to you man for having an awesome name. I think the came on our disk or like a while ago, but they just became a patron. So like I think they're in there and I messaged them on patreon to make sure that that was the same one. But yeah, I'll give you the page know if you're on there. Okay, so hit me up. I'm but yeah freaking. Yeah, if you want to become Patron, you know, you get exclusive stuff you get stuff before anyone else you get things, you know, as soon as we're done. I'm done editing them you get it so you can get an ad-free and then we got some other things in the works. We've been kind of talking about in the patient only Discord channel. So if you only can see that Channel or be in it if you are a patron, but yeah, so patreon.com slash animate assignment become a patient today. Give a smoky his wings. If you every time you donated it return you become a patron Smoky becomes. Oh, okay. I just want to make sure that Sam saw Adam later. But yeah, no, it's a fucking cool name blood coffee go like yeah. It's so cool. Yeah shouts a blood classical. Thank you for becoming a patron man. I appreciate it. So yeah, the freakin listener question of the week. We got another Patron list. It's all its that's another thing too. Like, you know episode participation is with us. What's up, this is actually from All just wreck which is hilarious because he became a patron like right when we were recording. If you haven't listened to the last two episodes of our podcast you definitely should the the last two is we had to be biologists on from the weaveologist podcast both of them and then we had an oxy from Project manga podcast on that bitch and it was awesome. They're so fun. Like didn't we got more to got to have more guests for sure super fun? But yeah, listen a question of the week also comes from a patron comes from me biologist Rick, like I said earlier if you had You have the hair of any anime character. Who would you pick? Oh, man. I was a good one. damn Maybe I'd get like a pompadour like Spate like Dandy from Space Dandy do it. Do it. Just super greasy super thick then you could you could bump up the height on your driver's license or the extra height or the when in Fooly Cooly when when haruko is just like the fucking around and talk UND room and she like gets it outputs on Elvis suit and plays the bass and then the pompadour was really funny because it was like extra long and stupid looking. I would say P from Red Line and other great pompadour another great pompadour. Obviously, I would yeah, I would I would do some delinquent stupid hair delinquent hair. Like if you ever read delinquent manga or watch any of those like School Rumble and amazed that you know, the gangs always have like crazy hair like the hot red hair. They're like you have it's like died Hot Topic red hair or just a silly pompadour that super die. Yeah Manic Panic like, you know, it's really funny like That's really yeah. I love it fucking gang shit do that do that. What would you have? I'd probably have like maybe some soggy meatball. Oh meatball hero. Yeah, super cute or even when I twin Tails, yeah or like like many usagi Rini sailor mini-moon. Yeah pink like frickin bee hive looking shit. Beehive go to the barber. Give me the beehive looking shit committed. Give me the twin tail. Beehive looking shit, huh? Yeah, do you door? I would have you know, what else? I'd have I'd have a I would love to have frappys hair because it's long and green puppy. I wish I wish my hair was long. Yeah, I want my hair to be like nice and long and thick lucious lucious. Lucious Mecca doshas hair. And then what about you Nick? Are you Saturday J. So I got red line. I was saying what you wanted. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I got a couple of choice. I got a few choices. So it's between the ah, ho GAE here, you know, like the little Alfalfa type shit with like the one strand of hair that sticks straight up but mine would have its own emotions. It would be like Chouteau giorgi, you know where their hair? Well her she'd a bow, her boat was her emotion. But anyway, Yeah, you'd know my mood based on my hair. Also, the other the other choice is any character from Shiki we removed the show a while back fucking insane Insanity. Yeah, my hair is a bird one girl's hair was like two crosses or something and like the guy had a beard that looked like it was on fire. This is like it never cower from my hero. He's got like a little mustache and it's on fire. It's just that's his mustache. He was sick, but I know obviously, you know, any of us could pull off the Yugi Moto hair just Yu-Gi-Oh Style. No, I want Pegasus hair. Yeah long cylinder. That's fair. Then Danny could see right through your cards Yugi boy. Nick Nick would take you use here. And then Daddy would do Pegasus and then they would duel and then just Danny would just have the Millennium Eye. My grandpa's deck has no bad cards. Oh my god, dude, Ricardo to who made the fan art of me in the patron was that we biologist Rick know that was Jeremy. That is Jo. Well, there's two Phantoms. Okay, Jeremy did want to that was different. But Jeremy did the comic know we've all just did the today. He did the Yugioh holding up early and burger that oh, yeah. Yeah with the with the embryo face. Yeah, the yui face. I actually know I like Jeremy's art to with the end was my hair. Yeah. It's like it's like the Simpson style here, but then I gave up. Now I'm in jail. I should I should take some of those and post them on the stories on our Instagram. Yeah, no just take all of them and just put it on one Instagram post you have any yeah, so you scroll through them. Yeah. Yes. I like this shot out to Jeremy for making comics with Nick. That's next comic form counter counter Port part comic form name knock. That's knock knock. It's an OC or something. Yeah. Yeah, no camels amnok smell farts, but I gave up. So fucking funny Jeremy give us more common strips of give up Nick. Yeah. Yeah, let's make some character for Sam and Danny to please no don't make me and not on do it just do Nick. Yeah. You patrons are fucking awesome. Thank you so much for all that make sounds character. Just yell all the time. Yeah, because you know, what fucking everyone is a fucking bitch. That's why God anyway, Shout out to all you bajans. You guys are awesome. Thank you. Now. Let us talk about. Oh, no, let's do wiping his band. Oh, yeah. Well the wife who has banned us from Premier. Obviously the wife, who is Leo phobia because he's awesome and not she's a sexy little twink and then has Bando is Gallo. I think it's time - in the in the sub they said teamís gallo teamís. But it's about th why MLS be a husband and wife who gallo and Leo that's what are those reference. The trigger always makes their names like goofy. Yeah. I know I rarely something. It's like they're based on some words. I should have. Yeah, but it's really kind of figure out everyone's fucking name with that shit because like Yeah, like Ian has last name is Art of it. I have no idea why Lucy effects crave for sites Vinnie the little mouse Vinnie like like what all the side characters showed up for like 4 seconds each. Yeah, no galatea galatea, Miss and Leo phobia. I have no idea what their names are referencing if you do know. Let us know but that's how white one has banner and that brings us obviously to the main topic Pro man. Yes, this movie was fucking cool came out in 2019 by Studio trigger. It was directed by hiroyuki imaishi. He was the animation director for Black Rock Shooter. He made his directorial debut for Dead Leaves and was also Of the key. Enemy Dead Leaves one time we did. He was also the key animator and animation director for W's he storyboard of the first fully Cooley and he was also a key animator on the Ava movies as well. It was the creator of premiere of the story and script and everything was Kazuki Nakajima who also did was descriptor and creator for Killa kill and garden. Lagaan. There's a lot of key animators on this. He and I you know, there's yeah no shit. There's a shit ton of them. One of the ones that I would add that I picked out of there though with sushi. Oh because he's also done Dead Leaves Dental coil darling in the Franks generator Gaul. He was a key animator on the Eva rebuilds off the you know, the first three I'm sure he is also on the fourth one. I'm not sure yet. But yeah Sushi. Oh, he's awesome there but there's ya know there's who there's even a director of color. You know what I mean? Like on the Sabbath Looking through the staff director of color like holy shit again asano. Here we go. Awry here Toshi RI these guys all worked for gainax back in the day to eat. Okay. Yep. Yep, Yugi, Hamada Baku hamaguchi tetsuo has a gal who was also the other animation director amazing. It's fucking cool. We can get more into the animation later and music by hiroyuki sawano. So why no, so when oh, So Wayne has he's awesome. Dude, almost zero. Kala kill commentary of the iron Fortress Attack on Titan. We've mentioned him on this part of the house before many times. He's he's fucking awesome dude. It's like he's one of Nick's favorites. That's for sure lose your way. Don't lose your way. I'm only reason to watch all know zero. He also did the opening theme Inferno and it features Benjamin Anderson and MPI. If you don't know who Benjamin Anderson is he was in the band Rorschach? First he was he's done a lot of composition. He's also toured with Type O Negative. I think pretty sure he's played with Type O Negative before just many industrial bands where he played guitar and keyboards and should for his school. But yeah the the and then the ending theme was done by Superfly which is a Jay Rock Duo they're like this. It's like light J-Rock but like I mean, it's like J-pop alternative J-pop, but the song is called Kaku say which is Leo's theme and then Corey Corey need tojikomete a by Superfly. That's the ending theme super the music in this is super cool and we'll talk about that more to but basically the premise of pro mayor is 30 years ago 30 years from the where it take when it takes place a new race of flame wielding mutant suddenly appeared and they appeared by human spontaneously combusting and then they were dubbed the burnished then later the autonomous Republic of propolis becomes a thriving neighborhood level. Yeah propolis. Thanks to the incredible efforts of their leader crave for sites against the burnished a team of firefighters known as The Burning rescue is tasked with stopping this horrifying monsters. Using the most performant technology available. Thanks to the incredible. Mechanic. Lucy effects. Gal. Gal. OT Miss is an energetic young man who considers foresight his hero for saving his life and the rescue teams most recent recruit a terrorist group calling themselves The Mad burnish has been causing Havoc all over the nation after an encounter with the Mad burnished leader Leo foggia Gallo sets out on his faded journey to find the truth about these mutants ultimate leading him to question everything. He previously held to be true. Gallo is basically He's like Amina and basically coming out from Grandma trigger doesn't know how to doesn't know that of not reference. Their own material trigger doesn't know how to not trigger. Yeah, pretty much like but like initial like initial thoughts talking about it. I'll just say it right now for the people who haven't seen it and I there's there's two people in our Discord. One of them is a patron saint who were really really into they were hyping a lot Hibbing Up Premiere as much as you know along with me as much as I wanted to see it as well and they even changed their names on Discord. So like sends name is Liz and they change their name to Elizabeth odia and then Zella changed his name to zalem T Miss which is really hilarious are Zelo to miss. I was talking to them about it after I watched it or I didn't act as a love so much about it, but I talk to Santa And initial thoughts was like it was amazing, right its current score in Mao's 8.3 8.3 5 and then, you know talking about it thinking back on it only just mere minutes after its then the the story is whatever it's not really it's pretty derivative. It's pretty Pretty a less good version of Kill la Kill and Gurren lagaan stories with a little bit like a it's like a safer version of those stories probably. Yeah, that's actually wow. That's actually a great way to put it. Yeah. It's very derivative. It's very like you kind of know you just a little predictable. You don't mean. Yeah, you can tell who the villain is right away. Just based on how he looks right, especially with the marketing, you know that the marketing of this. I was very much like here's gallo and here's Leo. And you knew that they were against each other the whole film with all the trailers, but then you also kind of knew that like, okay. Well, they're marketing these two characters very much. So obviously they want us to fall in love with one of them ship them. Yeah and like this is how anime is made you just need a cool design and then everything else, you know, just fucking sell it to us. No, it's like it's not sighs. Well, I like like it. To design like some cute girls or guys or whatever and you know some cool maybe a cool weapon or some cool colors and like oh, look at this interesting concept blah blah blah and then go from there like the anime isn't really about the writing. So I mean, so I am I am I am I off by if I am I off base on that one or did you guys have the same initial thoughts I got? Oh Danny saw it in theaters when it showed here in the states or in North America rather, but What were your initial I was the theater experience. The theater experience was amazing. Yeah, I would have loved to watch this in theaters actually there. I mean when I did go see it, I actually went on Instagram and I did like a little mini review on it. Oh and Instagram TV on Instagram. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh nice. So if you want might like my fall on Fresh opinion on the movie, then definitely go. See that on our Instagram but I and I watched it in dub. I didn't see it in sub. So that was like a whole other thing that I really enjoyed about it and you know, seeing actually seeing it on the big screen was like phenomenal because it you so like brightly lit colors like just how it was so well animated. Added and and I believe after the movie was done. They actually had like an interview with the director and the creators of the of the movie to which was kind of cool. Well, they weren't they weren't at the movie theater. Right? No. No, no. No, I'm gonna sound like they work. No after it like after they showed the film on and excuse me in the theater. They had like a clip of yeah. The director and in like the was it from like at the Anime Expo interview or something? Or maybe just some they filmed separately. I think they filmed it separately because they were it didn't seem like it was at an Anime Expo kind of thing. They were cursed. Yeah, they were it is for coordinate. Yeah, they were sitting at like at a like a round table kind of thing, but it was more like in a separate room than like a convention hall. So but but ya know that it was it was phenomenal. I really I actually kind of wanted to go see it again when it came back to the States, but I didn't have time unfortunately. Yeah, I and I'm that was an R. That's a part of my initial thought as well also is like I'm actually more of an afterthought later when I was trying to you know, think about what I want in my notes Here the notes on my desk. I was like satisfied with the movie, you know, I was too but the first time like the first time watching it, right and I was two and then writing notes later, you know, I was kind of thinking you know what it's really not about the story. It's it's not it's about It's about like the the characters, you know coming together and kind of thing. It's like a friendship. Well, I mean, okay, but I was also going to say this is more of just like a visual angle that way. Yeah, that's a vehicle for the animation. Yeah. It's definitely an art an art piece for sure being triggers first like full feature like in the theaters like movie. Yeah, they Flex hard like like really hard on like the detail of everything including the design to the animation to the like even even like they're in the scenes where like there's sun was setting and a lens flare was happening on the screen that the the little flares were not circles. They were squares. They were squares a lot of like a lot of squares in this movie for sure. Yeah, very geometric the Yukon cubes. Yeah cubes because it's easier to animate those because they wanted like a bunch of particle effects and everything. I mean, yeah, I but also it just like I think positive family style. Yeah, but anyway because because like it is like it reminded you of a videogame kind of a how brightly colored it was and all the CG in it. I mean like you can use CG to like great effect like like in Grid man, right or you could use it this way and make it blend together. Which is this like it was super cool sometimes I forgot that that's what I was watching. And because the you know the way they passed out everything and colored everything. It reminds me. A lot of the animation technique used in The Game's Dragon Ball Fighters or Guilty Gear excerpt, which is Amazing. By the way. If you've not seen what those cameras look like during gameplay, it's pretty amazing more. So the new Guilty Gear get suggest ride, which is also animated very well. But I mean like it doesn't really it really doesn't we don't really need to describe the plot or summarize it really I mean we can but like it it really it just doesn't really matter. It did to me. It really doesn't it's yeah and there's a basic themes in the story there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. There's a little there's a little Dances with Wolves in there. There's a little you know, false villain or whatever you call that like well, we're not really the bad guys. There's a bad guys kind of thing. Like what Danny said earlier structures us Star Wars. So we describe the basic plot, right? The the world is going to erupt on fire. So they like, you know, they have to what's his name the The Tall Blond guy crais is trying to build a basically an escape pod. But only you know, only the elite 10,000 people can you know? Can escape on it? And so they're using they're using the the burnished people who are like basically just like this these other you know, these marginalized people. It's kind of similar to fire force a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, there's except those people when they become combusted. They're just like you just gotta kill him. There's no yeah, so they like they label the burners terrorists and they subjugate them and like bring them in and essentially like I guess we'll get into spoilers, right? We want to yeah, you can do it right here. So they use the use the burnished as a literal power source for the for the spaceship. Because that spaceship needs to be able to time Jump four light years ahead to another Earth-like planet. Yeah. Yeah because in six months that are scores than blow. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah, so like they're you know, they're trying to escape and and you know, they're they're fucking with everybody and you know Leo and the the firefighting gang they like the burnished through there with the people at all this That's what it's called. The Mad learn snow. That's like that's the terrorist group. But yeah everybody exactly what yeah, I'm talking about though. Okay. Yeah mon stop. You guys are fucking up just like it is Christ who fucking cares and they were if you're going to talk about it get right? No, you're nitpicking. It doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't know it kind of does matter basically immigrants and Ice comes and detained them and burn actually yeah much like we want to say it like that. But yeah pretty much wondered what it is. They're called the fucking freeze Force for God's it's like yeah and shoot literal eyes, but you kind of discovered that the reason why the Mad burnished is like terrorizing everyone is because they know what crate for site is doing doing human experiments on burnished to fuel this huge space pod and the fire rescue group that gallo and the team is a part of their just like they just seeing like all these double standards than just like we don't understand like why is this like the why are you treating people like this like burnished are human beings and one of the first taste they get of it is like they're at this pizza parlor and the fries for his comes and arrest the guy making the pizzas and he was like, what are you talking about? Dude? All he's done is make pizzas like really good pizza too. And he's like now he's a burnished. He's a burnished and he lied about it. His terrorist and it's like well, no, all he's done is literally make pizzas and then they take them away and it's like this big thing. So Gala starts questioning shit. He's like, I don't know two plus two n equal and for here, hold on. So then like he starts questioning everything. He goes to Crave for sign says man. Fuck you. What is your beef? And that's when crave for said reveals what Nick just said was basically they're going to feel this huge pod and dips out on the homies. And what crate doesn't realize or maybe I don't know. He did know they told me he didn't know is that if he'd powers that thing with all the burners they've captured it will actually set the core to blow up right then and there instead of in six months. So he gets to thank I don't think Ray actually knew not that he really cared. He really didn't care. He just wanted to leave. Well, I mean he did know because like the the one Ines Sister was kind of like you you knew that it was going to blow up if we left and he was like it's either now or six months from now. So take your pick. And yeah, it was just like okay well shit so then get out early before the before the planet melts down. Otherwise, they're dead when it melts down right but when they leave it'll blow up to is what I'm trying. Oh, yeah setting it up. I don't I'm not sure why they did that. Oh because of the way that they're leaving will trigger that yeah. Yep, the way that one like, you know sitting then gallo and Leo kind of team up and They go stop great foresight and stop they like reveal to everyone that crave for site is actually an asshole and he shot the guy who originally discovered that issue. Yeah, the doctor who discovered the little fire and it is the burnished he discovered what the burnished was. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah, I forgot his name is dr. Pro pro pro me or some Pro. Promise. There's promise is his name. Yeah, and it was just a it was like, okay. Well, fuck the government. Okay, let's go fucking take care of shit because they're they don't care about the people. They just care about themselves and the other 10,000, you know qualified rich people or whatever. So it's like there are themes. There's actually plenty of them there common ones. But like, you know, it's just like it's like let's take these in present them in this, you know, yeah, it's basically trying that go his plowing through obstacles is your theme just have a fiery passion and punch through the wall, you know, don't like don't let it get you down its trigger Steam for everything just fighting Spirit go for it Zak honey in and was talking about how it's kind of a metaphor for creators and he had a good explanation on it on there. I guess the A and then cast but yeah, so it's like and you can apply that to any profession. I guess just you know, just punch through all your obstacles and it sometimes that can work. You're burning soul will pull it put out the Flames dude. Yeah, that's that's Gallows characteristic basically also make thing. Yeah, so that's my Flames. Will he will though whatever boil it down to one word or one phrase burning Soul fiery spirit. No, I seek. I mean I you go like a name for the top kind of aim for the F ing, you know die buster. Gunbuster but gunbuster and a buster go like that little respected designer. The mecca design was also done by the guy who did darling and die Buster and You know, yeah, you can tell you could very much tell and I right away. That's pretty humanoid. Yeah, the deus ex machina and the deus ex machina more like ha ha ha. They literally named it the deus ex machina ya know cuz like it'll save us. Yeah. So like Leo it was all like this is lame. I don't like that name. Yeah, so he names it the the we owed egg. Aliens, yeah, something like that. Yeah, and then Leo changes the form of it using his burnished. Yeah, because Gallo wasn't like feeling the burn of its Soul. Yeah. He was like, I don't like this man. I can't catch thank you will burn the interesting that you receive them meme. It's like a clip from that movie and it's like I can't get jiggy with this. It was like that exact same thing. It's like man. Look how lame this robot is like I can't get I can't I can't feel my soul burning that I can't save people with this shit looks lame didn't it looks Like Meriden they have their units were called like my toy units or something the robots. Yeah, the mini ones. Yeah Montoya to I which is hilarious because like they it's like they wore this suit and it was just kind of like well ryuko has life fibers and she wears clothes and that's like the whole thing. But like yeah, no, like I don't I tried to find more trigger references and the obvious ones because I thought there was more but maybe I was I might have been tripping. I think it was just the blaring obvious ones. I don't know if there was more than the obvious like, you know, like the like Gala being like calming down in the Macho units and then all that other nonsense trigger being trigger. That being said, I kind of feel a little let down a little bit not not super let down just a tiny bit because obviously I fangirl over trigger all the time. And Nick hates it but I do and lying you and Mac. We're doing it the one time with like with Luke. Oh, we were just doing that to make you mad. I know it was like yeah moving anime. Llullaillaco. Look who's saving anime. Best show ever made like guys, it's fine. It's not the best thing ever. God just calm down. Anyway, that being said because like I was getting really high for this movie. I was really excited to see what kind of thing it was going to be. And then I remember I remember Danny Saint Anne's ala went to go see it in the theater. And you know, I remember sending and Zillah talking about it without spoiling. Obviously they were kind of just like and you know, it's okay, but like they still really loved it. It's really weird. I still really love it. I thought it was amazing, but it's like yeah, it's very simple. Yeah, great trigger. Yeah. It's very trigger and in all honesty. I I think by them going this This route they really succeeded in making a really good film. Sure. Yeah, they let hiroyuki imaishi just go nuts. They did sometimes like they hold him back and this time they didn't it was like almost the level of Dead Leaves not quite that leaves is probably the craziest thing he's done. But yeah, it's usually like a writer like Nakashima is holding him a check or whatever. So right and obviously it features like God mode shit. It in it so it's like there's like not really that much explanation to some of the shit that happens at the end. It's just like we can do this now because we know how to with the Flames of the burnished and yeah burning solos. We want it. Yeah, we can we can do this, you know, but I mean again it's all about the visual expect it'll from from the action to the seldom scenes. You know what I mean? Like the scene where so after they arrest the pizza guy. They Gallo gets pissed because it's like what the fuck right and he zooms off on his motorcycle to this frozen lake and Ina goes after him. She's the other person on the team. She is the pilot who does like the rescue plane and she goes after him on her motorcycle and they're kind of skating around on this frozen lake and there's like the outlines of the characters like the are so thin that they just blend in and In everything is colored differently. It's like the mountains are this navy blue and bright blue. The sky is orange because it's almost like, you know later in the evening and then there's this part where it cuts to a bunch of different shapes and lines and you don't really know what it is for a moment and then it you see gallo and Ina skating from their feet. So it's like it goes from under the lake and you're watching them skate above you and it's like oh that's what this is. It's fucking amazing like it was so colorful and gorgeous like aesthetic goals, you know what I'm saying? Like kind of makes me want to stop wearing black for a little bit but a little bit a little bit. Yeah, just like I probably do it for like an hour anyway only in your house. Yeah, and only in my yeah Trisha like we are basement flooded so we had to throw a bunch of clothes away and like we re washed a bunch of clothes. So we're caught up on laundry. There's like no dirty laundry. Down there at all, and we put on my clothes in my closet and she's like you just been doing nothing but buying black clothes like the last two years and I'm like, well you can go to hell I don't give a shit like, you know, don't tell me how to live anyway. Um, yeah, like I I fucking loved that it's again, you know me and we could talk about the themes which you did and we could talk about more of the story and go more into details about how gallo and Leo teamed up and how they About this and figure out that but there's really just no need to there really is just go watch it. Yeah for yourself, like actually if we spoiled it full on for you right now it honestly don't I don't think it would matter very much although constantly personally. I do prefer the double over the sub. Okay. Yeah, let's talk about that. Well, yeah because you want to watch the animation you're trying to look at text. Well, no, it's not even that. That you know, obviously when we were going when before we recorded, you know, we had to watch it. So I had to re-watch it just to refresh my memory because it's been so long since I've seen it and You know, so I didn't mind watching the dub. It's just that the only thing that really Was out of place for me was the voice actor who played who played cray foresight his his voice in particular did not match his his appearance. Okay, so and in the dub the guy the job the guy who played cray was Crispin Freeman. And Christmas payment. Yeah, Crispin Freeman played Alucard and yeah, he played be played bounce. It dot X the second he speaks for like that's the enemy. Yeah right. Now, he's also freaking Winston in OverWatch. Oh geez. Yeah. Okay. That's right. Yeah, so so that that type of voice matches like cray. Because cray is like fucking brawler and like he's got like huge huge ass big-ass chest and arms and shit. So and compared to the sub, you know hearing this like soft-spoken, you know well-mannered voice and then even when he was like mad and like going all villain like his voice still didn't match the appearance at all. I was just like I'm not threatened At All by this person In like I'm not scared. I was more scared but by Freeman's voice then then this guy no offense to the to the actor or anything. But yeah, I feel like that was like one miscast for this sub especially. Okay. So um and in jyb Johnny Yong Bosch did yeah Johnny Yong Bosch was Leo really Ken matz was a Gala time to miss. Fuck he plays Bakke and he plays guy on Baki. He was all uh, the captain ignis Stephen Blume. Oh, yeah, always tell Steven Blum one of the goats one of the guys Lucia the the tech girl. We'll see it back. See ya. Yes. He sees a in the Dove that that's Kari wahlgren. Yeah, Kari wahlgren, which was spot-on. That sounds a little like, yeah, and I did I did light and it's funny because the girl the Mayumi who did who did the Japanese version she did the the band. I forget her name and Kill la Kill Pink Arrow the band girl. Yeah. Oh yeah Nonono for something. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no and and it's funny because both of these characters carry and mayumi were both in Fooly Cooly and they played they both play the same character. So I really liked it how they paired. that that character up so but so you're saying that the dub was enjoyable for the most part for the most part. Yeah, but again, I still think the dub is better just for visual sake, you know, because you want to enjoy the movie you don't want to be like going up and down if I can reading subtitles and trying to figure out what the fuck is going on. So for me and I agree with you because for me I'll I could do is watch the sub. for obvious reasons and what I was trying to do And I'm already going to buy this movie. Okay, I was going to buy it. I'm gonna buy it. I'm gonna buy it regardless in May. So yeah, so I just want people to know that before I say this next part, but I was trying to turn into it because I wanted to put it on a flash drive and then put it on my PS4 and watch it on my PS4. That would have been amazing because then I would have watched it on my big TV, but now I know for sure that when I buy it and I show it to friends. I'll just put on the dub because then they enjoy the spectacle. So, you know my second time watching it when I was watching the sub. I was just purely Watching it. Visually, I wasn't really honestly I wasn't really paying attention to what was going on. I was just enjoying I'll wash over you. There we go. Now I want to ask you guys. When is the last time you watched an anime film? That was a visual spectacle like this and write actually right now. I can think of one right away just because Nick made me think of it earlier red line with also a visual aspect. Yeah. Yeah movie but the story now in is actually way cooler, but if both store your kind of similar because actually and it my issue was a key animator for for Red Line as well. He was but you know simple premise and then God tier animation. It's somewhat similar to prom are good. So both have good sound tracks. Yeah, red line is we watched it when when Mac and kolker at my house and Nick Nick brought it I think or hope someone brought it or did we just watch on Max computer? I think we watched on this computer. We just streamed it. Okay. Yeah, I think I can God is so good. I love yeah, that's yeah movie is fucking amazing. Yeah, it's fun Cool J. Fucking spoilers. I like it better than Pro mayor, but I like prom are still it's good. So that being said honestly just watch Pro Mary. It's an hour 51 runtime. That's all it is a little bit of a slow middle. Yeah, right the the first like intro sequence fight is is awesome. Like they're really showing off the animation you to see gallo and Leo Faceoff looks amazing cool soundtrack. There's a part where to Leo Getz he runs away and or he gets shot away from the danger. From the freeze force and then he ends up in a volcano and he breaks out of like the constant freezing trap. He's in and he burst through the volcano like all mad and shit because he's like ready to like kill crave for site and that scene was really cool. I really like that the music to hear you chi SAU nicely. The music was my favorite. They did fuel. Yeah. Oh my question is did the way they use the soundtrack. It didn't pop out as much as it did. Did in like kill a kill you what I mean that that I was going to because it almost it almost felt like they're constantly playing a soundtrack and I agree with you because there's that so like I mentioned that one part after that where Leo breaks out of there, he goes back to propolis and starts wreaking havoc and this one song plays and I don't remember the name of it, but then Gallo is like escaping out of prison and suiting up and the song stops while he's doing all that. and then the same song starts up again literally five minutes later and it's like okay we just heard this when well it came to like kill does that every episode they put the same four songs but you just gotta know I know but this is this was hot you know this was like two to three minutes apart and it was just kind of like why don't you just keep it going from the first time you played it and say well no because stopping in there I think you're missing the point because with music you want it to be only you don't want if you're constantly playing music it just turns into white noise it has to like inhale you sound like if there's no quiet or you know or There's no low point then the high points aren't going to matter. You know, I guess then maybe why not pick a different song for that second. I mean maybe for like because he was literally two three minutes late because like even giving the example of Red Line in that first race in Red Line there, you know, they're playing the music and even during that they'll have like a slight Gap in the music and the like almost freeze it for a second and then they'll play it again and you know, just it adds that emphasis. I didn't I feel like Pro. Are didn't do that as much but like you said like the soundtrack, I'll listen to the soundtrack. It's fucking hear the music is good. But but implementation. Yeah, I just feel like it. I don't know it could have it could have stood out a little more. You know, how he doesn't it? You know, I agree with you. Yeah. All right. So honestly, that's that's pretty much it. What are we given for a score guys? We're doing DNS order DSN. Okay, that's a pretty nice visit. Like the reason why it's a nine is because of visually visual aspects just purely on the be. Okay. Yep. Yeah, and then it loses a point because of track well because it loses a point because it's not attend well because it's not a 10 and also I mean plot so okay. I Give it an eight. Because visually very cool music was cool animation was cool. Very good. I like the themes that were in there but some of those excuse me, some of those themes kind of got thrown out the window halfway through you know, when they I mean they they mean they were still there but like like the themes were presented and then they weren't expanded upon and then you know character development was okay. And like one one thing I should mention too. Is that like when talking to Santa about it? She was like I hate Ina like why would she even in there? Right and I was right beside characters had like almost no development. They were they were cool and their designs were amazing. Yeah, but it felt like, you know a common complaint is a lot of people say they wish it would have been like a miniseries or something. So we had to flush some of this out more. Yeah could have been a miniseries. It could have been like one of like one of those six eight up things. Yeah, you know Like Black Rock under the Thunderbolt style. Yeah our Thunderbolt. Yeah, and I definitely feel like like I said this to send to is like I know it's probably just in there so she could have a connection to somebody who would betray crayon the inside which that's what happened plot device Ina sister. Yeah. I know sister works for crave for she's like the lead scientists that you know doing the experiments. But yeah, I would give it an 8. It really just goes up there to Aid because of the visuals and things like that. The reason it's not attend this for the reasons. I just mentioned for sure. Yeah, I'm going to continue the pattern. I'll give it a seven nine eight seven for sure for sure to be fair. But that's a I didn't watch it this either I didn't watch it on a big screen. So that would definitely make it a better experience. I watch it on like a smaller screen. So yeah, that's kind of why I gave it a 9 because I saw it in theaters. Yeah. This would be a much better. You know, the bigger screen the better your setup better. I definitely yeah, like that's what and that's what I was saying. In earlier, like I definitely wanted to do that. But like I couldn't find one and also the ones I did find we're just going to take 3-4 hours to download and I just wasn't trying to do that. You know what I mean? So like yeah, otherwise, I would have watched it on my big TV on my PS4, you know with the media player. But no, I agree. I agree with that definitely definitely when I cop I'm going to show it to my friends and watch it in the dub on my PS4 for sure because it's fun cool it's cool movie I think it's Enix it's an experience great yeah it's definitely an experience not so much just like a straight-up movie but for triggers first movie I think this was a very much a step in the right direction just because they took this and more basically like okay we're just going to flex really hard and see how well does and then we'll be able to get enough money to do a real movie for real look well this was a real movie no yeah I know it was but I mean yeah like I mean in terms of like you know I don't know and again when anything else from this is like very it feels very trigger it feels like something that made oh you're right actually they're not going to make like fucking you know Spirited Away or something like that's not their style you at all that's it's not that's that's actually a bit weird if they did that I'd be I don't want to watch trigger Spirited Away no right right so if you saw Premiere let us know what you think of it I'm very curious to talk to more people about it now that we've seen it for sure and if you haven't you know will make sure not to will tell you you know that there are spoilers in it when the episode comes out and stuff but anyway let us know what you thought I would love to talk about hear what you thought of it we liked it I thought it I was really cool we gave it a 9 8 7 and then the DNS order their DSN Dial up some nucleus. That being said nucleus. That's why I'm just gonna call Nick that from now on Nucleus a nucleus. Oh, yeah, we didn't mention. What did you guys think of the kiss in the end? I thought it was awesome. Oh this CPR kind of thing. No, that was they were definitely making out Danny. I think when I see it. Please I was I thought it was awesome because he didn't think about it. He was like you're my friend you help me I help you and it was just like okay. They're Ambiguously Gay. There's like whatever justjust kiss your friends who kiss my friends all the time on the lips, dude. I do actually like right legit was good. Kisser friends fucking kiss your friends. Okay. Fuck you guys. That's what I that's I do that shit all the time. I don't give a fuck if they left when I go visit. I'll make out with you. If you want know if you want to that's totally fine. I will totally just let me do my makeup person because I look Steve say that being that being said close your eyes. Ben never mind this is we're done just leave it there thanks for listening is there an amazing podcast I won't be touching anybody okay that's gross