Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade. You actually got to learn stuff. There's always that moment on Sunday. I'm going to start winding down towards the end of the day that you know, what tomorrow's comma got to prepare mentally and like physically like legit prepare for the next day. I'm finishing up the Book of John now probably pretty soon in the next few days. I read the end of nineteen and a lot of chapter 20 and there's this just somber feeling When you read through it, this is where the crucifixion happens Jesus dies on the cross and you read about the torture and death and when I read it I get a sense of how disheartening that must have been for the disciples and Mary that is not how they planned on this ending. They didn't understand. Is it possible at this point that that they were wrong? They've been doing the wrong? Bang questioning everything towards the end of chapter 19 and verse 38 the says later Joseph of Arimathea ass pilot for the body of Jesus. Joseph was a disciple of Jesus, but secretly because he feared the Jews with Pilots permission. It came and took the body away. He was accompanied by Nicodemus the man who earlier had visited Jesus at night and Nicodemus brought a mixture of myrrh. Myrrh, and aloes about 75 pounds, so at this point the put Jesus in the Tomb and how defeating that must have been. These are men who were Disciples of his name. Even Joseph here was afraid to tell anybody what's going through your mind men as you Barry Jesus, it's quite possible. You think death has one that you were wrong that it's possible that maybe he isn't who he said he was and just Shannan questioned and questioned hopeless defeated. These are the words and the feelings that come to mind when I read through chapter 19, but it's in chapter 20 where everything changes it all begins to make sense. Now Mary goes to the tomb and it's empty. She's upset first. Thanks. Well, somebody must have moved him. I don't know where he is. Where's his body doesn't recognize Jesus at first and then when she Does the Epiphany that aha moment she runs to him in verse 16. It said she turned toward him and cried out in Aramaic. Rabboni, which means teacher Jesus said do not hold onto me for I have not yet returned to the father go instead to my brothers and tell them I am returning to my father and your father to my God and your god what an unbelievably exciting time and Encouragement to me that when you're in a Time the seems hopeless. I mean there is nothing more hopeless than death, but Jesus can bring us through because he himself has conquered death and hopelessness and despair and he's the God we serve. Hope you're encouraged today and that you're getting to the word yourself pray that this week is a fantastic one for you. Talk to you tomorrow.