What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70.Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with variations. Suffered and stuff like that. They're really simple. There's going after PSA tents and they're going after base. So that's why we've seen the big jump in those Louboutins Rich bass psh 10 cards, which I think we're going to continue to see so right now making this video and podcast the last sale that I saw last couple sales were 500. I did see one for 620 again didn't want to include that to be like my main comp because you know, that's just a really high point. Surrounded by the geologist right now. But again prism has red white blue. It has pink ice as green, right as you know, Silver's has a bunch of different other parallel stuff like that and I wanted really take a look at those prices and see where those has those rat because those are the cards that are going to be seeing the next jump once all these new people coming and realize that oh shit. There's not just base. There's other stuff too, right? So let's break down the numbers for you. Luca Tanja, which is base red white and blue PSA 10 right now is for sale for $400 or best offer. Now, this is while Luca Tanja which is based PSA tens are selling like hot cakes for $500 on eBay. You could literally get it for $100 cheaper right now on eBay and it's actually a more pristine guard the car that actually should be more expensive. That's one right off the back right there. And then when I looked at the comps on March 4th, it sold for $310. I saw one $310. It's literally selling for like 200 bucks cheaper. So guys that's a huge deal. What were literally seeing right now is so many people flooding the market. And they really only know. You know the main stuff, you know base prison PSA 10. That's all they know. So that's why we're seeing this this kind of market like weirdest take place. And this is something that you can literally take action on right now next card. Luke Advantage is green base present PSA 10, right? March 3rd, there were a couple sales one for 5-10 one for 550. Now you might think. Oh, yeah, that was a lot of information related to today. You know, the market did change a lot 510 to 550 is reasonable but really greens haven't moved in the market, February 16th. So be a couple weeks ago last sale is 500. So again, the market really hasn't moved for greens either. So I'm expecting with all these people coming to the hottie all these people flooding the markets. We're going to see greens take a jump too. It's just right. Now what we're seeing is base flooding the market people buying base, but it's gonna trickle down trickle up I should say because all that stuff is more pristine and People are going to go after those cards. Once they realize that they're actually out there and exist and the market just can't stay that low forever guys. One interesting thing that I did start to see the rise, which I was glad that I did see Luka don't you just silver PSA 10 today sold for 1502 couple March 2nd are at 1200. I didn't know how long you're going to stay at 1200 at because last on Saturday, they were 1,200 on Sunday when like we saw that like just like crazy rise and Luca prices. There's thought 1200 sounds really waiting to see what this over is really going to pop and I think we just starting to see that again 1500 sale last couple. So that's really really good. That was a card when we saw that first like Luca went off those those first. I don't know certain games of the season. I think I was around November. I want to say we saw his silver base or silver PS attends get up $2,000. Now I expect those prices to probably get around to the same price point maybe even more just because the again there's this last week. We saw a crazy amount of people come in and buy Cards, especially, you know, basketball Stars LeBron. Look at re all this red stuff yanis. So we're gonna there's the demands born everything. So we're gonna see these prices. Is continue to rise it's just now, you know people come in and don't really know about these colored parallels. And once they do these prices will rise, but this is a great opportunity for you guys to take a look at you know, these other options for you guys and buy them in my opinion for undervalued price points because we're going to under what base is going for and another great option guys is PSA Nine's. I know, you know PS and is kind of sucks because it's not your judgment. 10 but those are undervalued right now to you can get a Luca dantas based PSA 9 for like a hundred bucks right now. And the base because it tends to go for 500 which behavior by the time this video. I put it out. It's more than that. I don't know. But yeah, that's actually one pick up that I got today was it was a PSA 9 because again, I don't think it could stay at a hundred bucks for that much longer. It just doesn't really make sense. It's kind of the prices will go up on that sort of stuff. How could you know nine be a hundred bucks while attend be like 500 550 whatever it is. It just doesn't make sense. And again, it's just because a lot of people that are flooding into the market don't exactly know everything about the card market. So they're kind of going after the one thing they do know which is base piece attends. I do think we're going to see like a lot, you know, we're going to see a premium price on PSA tense a little bit more than we have before but I also lines are just too cheap guys now this isn't just raluca Taj. And these are just the you know the numbers I did pull for this video and this podcast but it's also you know, Trey young if you look at it. It's literally everything another big thing that I think will happen because of the amount of people flooding in and the what we're seeing the price points get to a lot of people will you know can't won't be able to forward you don't present base because it tends to do more just because we're getting to In point where it's getting really expensive for a lot of people so I do think looking for you know status rookies. I really like that especially for Luca. I think those are great buyers right now a little tougher to grade but still great buys, you know optic Hoops all that sort of stuff, you know lower tier and select. Those are those are products. You definitely should look at because I think as you know, As more people come into the hobby more people are buying prism those prices really go up there going to look people are going to start looking for other options. And so while you right now have the opportunity to figure out okay, like what you know, what will people be leaning towards once they get priced out. It's going to be status. It's going to be select. It's going to be optic it's going to be all that sort of stuff and with the, you know build in the market of prism this last week. I guarantee you guys will be a trickle trickle trickle down effect of all these other card, you know Brands and stuff going up in price. So definitely something for you guys to take a look at so remember PSA nights great buys right now. Try Young Piece and I highly recommend Luca peace and nights. I highly recommend just because they have to at some point catch up to the temp and it's just really a matter of time again, you know, green green pink ice even Silver's to an extent all great buys are now I gave you the numbers undervalued compared to basis. So definitely something you guys need to take a look at need to do your due diligence. The reason why this is happening again guys is because people are flooding into the hobby. They don't know too much about it yet. So that's why we're seeing you know basis actually selling more than greens and in which is crazy or relative is same degrees, which is crazy but red white and blues are literally selling a significant amount cheaper. So guys, this is an opportunity for you guys to make actually good amount of money. I hope you take it again. This is Sasha. You probably know if you've entered On page up for like trading cards. If you're watching on YouTube, please please please guys hit that hit that like button hit that subscribe button. I appreciate your time. If you're listening on on Spotify, please follow me again guys. This is now the Sasha T show got a lot of big things coming. I appreciate you guys staying with the new branding and everything. So I'll see you guys next time.