well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star phenomenal food. Phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal Buffet you go there between the hours of what is 11:30 and 215 get yourself an all-you-can-eat Indian buffet and it's like 8 bucks its cheapest fuck kitten calm down. But yes. So I figured that if you've if anyone's ever listen to Bill Burrs podcast or just him rambling on about random shit with no really Rhyme or Reason as to what's going on. Just kind of going on with the based in his life. I'm going to do the same thing. I don't know how long these will be. I don't know when I'm going to release them. But I figure with the name like breakfast with Perkins should be in that. Nope. Didn't come over here. Don't You Gonna Knock this over? I'm over here. You gotta figure named breakfast at Perkins should really sit in the morning time. That makes sense. Wouldn't it? Oh and see what's going on. Well, I don't know who knows this or who needs to know or whatever. But Granite City in Clive is now closed which sucks sucks hard. I love that place that better cheddar bacon burger. Let me tell you something. better cheddar bacon burger with the Granite City dip and the waffle fries unreal fucking unreal great fucking Burger I could give a fuck less for the brewery aspect of Granite City. I'm not a big drinker. So that doesn't mean anything but you know, it is what it is and it's crazy to I was just craving that better cheddar bacon burger. I crave it about once or twice every two three weeks and now I can never have that again. I don't know if it's a company-wide thing or if it's a specific to the Clive store, but either way, all right P to Granite City, rhymed kind of lame Anyway, who's who old owner Joe Rogan who's got tickets to go to that? I was right there with the pre-orders making sure I was going I was a huge fan of Joe Rogan's stand up but his podcast I was like, I don't know anyone who doesn't listen to JRE Joe Rogan Experience for those that don't know he's podcast is phenomenal and I was the same way with Bill Burr for those that do know Bill Burr is one of my top 5 Dead or Alive comedians of all time. I wasn't huge in the Bill Burr stand up until I started listening to it in conjunction with his his podcast. And for some reason that did it for me, so I'm thinking I was never too big in a rogue and stand-ups. So I'm thinking now having listened to the podcasts. It kind of helps me understand him more and is stand-ups will be kind of kind of appealed to me more but we'll find out. I'm curious as to who the supporting Act is going to be. That's real interesting. It'd be really dope if he could get like a I said this on Facebook earlier. If you don't be don't you can get like a Joey Diaz out there. That'd be really dope. I see that happening. No, but it would be fucking awesome. You don't know other thing too is I sit here and I don't know how long the show is going to be how long it should be. I feel like I've been rambling on forever now. And it's just now five minutes. So I gotta think of something. I want to shoot for at least a half hour. I feel like a half-hour no guests with a life. That's not as crazy. As you know other people's I think 30 minutes should be should suffice. So we'll see I guess many of you know, I'm a gamer. I'm a huge gamer. I guess one thing that's awesome. Is that Yakuza so obviously you Sony fuck boys. I mean Fanboys whatever the fuck not so many people are cool. The Sony Camp. It's jealousy is what it is the jealousy manifests and anger because you guys do have the better exclusives than we do on Xbox but over the weekend, we just got Yakuza, which is one of the many exclusive so many titles that we don't get didn't get in till now. I wonder if they're going to make a cross over to Xbox or this is like a one and done thing that didn't make any sense if there is going to one and done Yakuza 0 and then that you guys don't get any more. Maybe it's the marketing Ploy. They give us a taste of Yakuza. It's a little therefore make us want to go get PlayStations and then buy more Yakuza games who the fuck knows? But I'm having fun with it the gameplay took me a little bit of time to get into but the story is Top Notch very top notch story. a lot of cutscenes though lot of cussing sure that I feel that's kind of indicative of Japanese developed games whether it be your final fantasies or your shin amuse or your you know, yakuza's what have you Especially what's the guy who's fuck? What's his name? The guy that pretty much just made a fucking movie with the last what was this about Silent Hill? Oh fuck what's his name? It's going to piss me off. He's the guy that did the metal gear games or was he the guy that did the listen it doesn't matter. You guys know who I'm talking about though. But the last game he released was essentially just a fucking movie with like no gaming in it. Just must be indicative of of that. I was gonna get a PlayStation 3 nice PlayStation 3. What is this fucking no for I wasn't going to Play Station 3. I was gonna get a PlayStation. What's for whatever the fuck the new one is. Because shenmue I don't know who knows about shenme shenme was originally released on the Dreamcast phenomenal game. If you've not played shenmue 1 or 2 there on the Xbox game pass. I believe for free very very good games. Some people don't like them for like the QuickTime events and stuff like that. I like quick time events. I'm putting it down. Sorry. That was a that was a thing. You can work as a doc with a dock worker to make a little bit extra Yen. Okay now talking about it. I sounds fucking stupid. You can work at the as a dock worker to make extra yet. And one of the QuickTime events was you had to lift boxes up you had to move these boxes around and it was you would move the Box. And when you go to set the box down the guy on the other end, there's like a long Crate Box the guy on the other end of the Box we go or putting it down. Then you got to hit down on the d-pad and set it down. I was a great game who remembers a game called Jet Set Radio or jet grind radio Jet Set Radio Future. That was a Dreamcast game. Oh my God. Countless hours in that game great soundtrack to lovely soundtrack Jet Set Radio Radio, and there's like a weird turntable. Sorry the Dreamcast I feel was ahead of its time. Maybe that's just me. I thought there was no marketing behind the Dreamcast which is why it failed. I feel like it was a really solid console. I love the Dreamcast Crazy Taxi It's Crazy Taxi great game. There's a lot of good games on there. Actually the very first sports game I played and enjoyed was a 2K game on the Dreamcast and it was like, I think it was literally NBA 2K knows NFL 2K. It was NFL 2k, not 2K10, whatever know this was literally 2K like in the year 2000. Oh my God, those were good times. Most of you know, I'm not into sports games though. I did play to k-19 and be a and that was really fun. So speaking of sports. Let's talk about It's now anyone that knows me knows I'm not a huge fan of sports. but but I'm starting to come around. with the Who was doing that bundle we can get ESPN Hulu? And what's the other one? It's Bo Disney. You can wrap that all up for just one, you know some per month. And it's been good. I've actually been to watch I've been going back and watching all the old UFC fights which is actually gotten me excited for who is it you all Romero and who is it this Saturday or not? That's the seventh all of its. That's Saturday or Friday, but I think the title shot And I actually really excited to watch that. And I don't know if that's pay-per-view or not. So I'm either going to go somewhere and watch it or watch it at home on the ESPN. Plus I don't know what fights aren't pay-per-view. It's probably figure that out from just sitting with my dick in my hand looking at the TV while Warden coming on. It's what you don't want. Where's my Red Bull? Here we go. Let's see. What else what else is going on? I don't know. I'm only 11 minutes in. I don't really know I'm trying to this will be the Test episode. This will just be to figure out first of all anyone listen to this. Let me know if it sounds good. I got to make sure the sound levels are good. Excuse me. I promise next time I'm not going to have my throat all fucked up and creepy but and I don't know if I'm eventually I would love to have people like send me topics or questions that there are looking for input on or some comedic advice on something funny. I don't know. I was thinking maybe this would supplement. Like I said my posts on other social media platforms. I can go more in depth of what I was thinking on a post. Let's be honest if I was to sit there and try to type out everything that was on my mind beyond the fucking face books all day. Oh my god, dude, you really all you do is sit there. You don't have any time shut the fuck up. You know, I can't get a fucking stand people like that. Don't you think better do time? No, I don't know. I fucking clean cars part-time and then I kind then I do what turn on the Xbox. Yeah in between then. I write shit to piss people off. That logic never doesn't make any sense. All you do is sit on Facebook. The average status takes about what? ten seconds say I make 20 statuses a day. That's only two minutes out of my day though. I guess the responding and all that stuff. I guess that would take advance. I look forward to that shitty sharpen on my toes. I've had people come to me about my Facebook before and said you have a lot of fucking weirdos on there. How are you friends that have these people listen, I don't want friends that are exactly like me. I think that's boring as fuck. Just to hang out with a bunch of Dan's all day or to bounce ideas off of a bunch of Dan's all day. Yeah, I don't feel like you can grow that way. I feel like you do grow through opposition. So if I post something and I have a good chunk of my Facebook that are against it or they're going to try to put me in my place on something. I love that keeps you on your toes keeps you sharp keeps your good to go. And it is what it is. Let's see here. But yeah, I think I'm going to Release these every Monday. I don't know if I'll wait because it's what should I date these podcasts to? I should date him shouldn't I like hey, this is Dan with such and such and that's you know, Wednesday October 37th 2025. What's today? What's today, March March night. So today's March 9th. It's a Wednesday. I don't know if I'll release this and I'll wait till next Monday or if I'll just upload it now just to kind of get you know, the canary in a coal mine. This will be the canary In a Coal Mine episode and I can iron out the details from here. So we'll see but yeah, that's it. I'm gonna log it off from here. I know this is only like 15 minutes long. Which isn't a long in the grand scheme of things, I didn't realize how hard it was to ramble bullshit for an hour half hour. All that shit. So but I guess when you have people you can sit and talk and shoot the shit with I guess it's probably easier because Lord knows I mean should I've listened to many podcast. Shout out to JRE for the hours of podcast. Let's do also shout-out to the deuce from Cleveland. No, no one except these guys is going to get this reference but there's a podcast I listened to start listening to and I was 14 years old called video game news radio was the first podcast I ever listen to a bunch of Dudes from Ohio all of which I'm friends with on Facebook and still chat with comment with regularly on their fucking awesome dudes. They're the ones that got me into the whole podcast thing the first podcast will ever listen to and I still listen to the old repeats. I don't make the episodes anymore, but I supposed to have the old repeats. I would say almost daily. So shout out to them. Yeah for making it look so fucking effortless to just sit there and be able to ramble on bullshit for as long as you guys did so All right, I'm signing off. If you have any questions or comments anything I can do to improve the show. Let me know and we will talk to you later. Alright, bye.