If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every sign how much how cute can you be I try it's adorable but she spends her days studying space and mythology researching the history of esotericism that I put out there right now, but you said it beautifully I tried again esoteric ISM softer see esotericism a so terrorism. Oh, you know what? We're learning here having a lot of workshops in private practice. She reads birth charts for hundreds of individuals, including celebrities and public figures and Bravo lubricant and rather Liberties that's going that's going to be added to the website. Now. I'm reading this just because I love however it is because most Comics bios are like watch them. And bar show sometime within each person is a complex cosmology a symbolic bond between the universe and the existence and existence. I'm really bad at reading we alone have the power to manifest meaningful transformation and astrology providing provides an ancient vocabulary that helps us understand our incredible superpowers and frustrating blind spots. I sound really pretentious. I bring people on the show who know more than me about things and a lot of people are listening right now and they're like, Like fucking astrology bullshit a lot of astrology haters out there yikes. What would you say to them? I would say what's up. You probably secretly like astrology but our societally conditioned to think that it is a bad way of seeing the world, but in fact astrology is just a different vocabulary. Yeah, the one thing that I Because I love astrology but obviously there's different levels and depthness of astrology. Most people know the getting your horoscope of your sun sign also people have said that astrology is based from like years and years in the past and how like the tides were but then Tides have changed and does that change signs like what's your opinion on that stuff? So yes astrology is based on these archetypes that are thousands of years old. Yeah, but their archetypes that That are still applicable today. They're the archetype of you know, like a strict daddy. We have the archetype of like a gambling Uncle we have the archetype of a fertile woman, right? So these are still reference points that we can connect with in our current Society. Obviously now in 2020 sounds so futuristic. Yeah, we are no flying cars just jewels that are made just flying cigarettes. We are We don't need to you know, like look at the astrology chart to see how many crops were going to yield or you know, how many babies were going to have or when we're going to die because we're all living longer and we're not yielding crops in the same way. We were in the past but astrology has evolved as we have evolved with our own interests and now astrology is so much more psychology driven. It's so much more Wellness driven. So it is basically just a practice I Like to say that astrology is a practice in empathy. It is a practice of learning to understand yourself and then learning to understand how people are different from you and to find respect for how people are different from you. So have the tides of the planets changed and does that affect stuff now, so I practice Western astrology which is called tropical astrology which uses the Tropic of Cancer and Capricorn 23 degrees in 27 minutes is sort of like the barometer of how Seeing things there's another type of astrology called sidereal astrology which is like Indian Vedic astrology and that uses the Stars so that type of astrology which calculates from the stars as opposed from the tropics takes into account the ecliptic changes of the earth. Whereas the astrology that I practice is sort of like stuck between Cancer and Capricorn but that is sort of the boundaries of how we are. Looking that's the lens in which how we're using to look at the world. That's the language or speak exactly. So it's not you know astrology isn't a science. It's not astronomy. There's very little relationship between what I do and what an astronomer would do. We don't use the same instruments. We look at the same planets, but we don't even call them the same things like, you know, the sun is a planet and astrology saw a star. So with that like it. You know, I think that one funny thing I have found with the astrology haters out. There is that they love to try to convince me that astrology isn't real and they're like how could people be born at the same exact time live the same life and it's like now that's not how it works you like we're obviously not just reading something and just accepting it at face value or still using our critical thinking as we're applying astrology. We're just enhancing our lives through having this understanding that We are going to act differently than we feel we're going to say things that are differently than we value. You know, there's Nuance people are complex and astrology is the language that speaks to that complexity what made you get involved in this you could say it was written in the stars. I mean, it's kind of weird. Like I I guess I was always like interested in non-traditional sort of mystical culty thing. But I was also raised religious know I was also like a punk like I was like still kind of our thank you. She has like a Amy Winehouse guess Gloom but a little more spiritual. Yeah. I was yeah beautiful description. I haven't heard your voice your singing voice. But while you should see me in karaoke. Hell, yeah, you shouldn't I studied art history in college. I studied Studio Art and art history and I had the plan to basically m You late Mary Boone's life and become like a bad bitch art dealer. Yeah fast forward to a few years ago. She is now in jail for the next 30 Years. So I'm really glad I went off course. I love when people talk about courses because going off course so fun. Yeah, and I also feel like I'm not religious either but I am spiritual and that I feel like projections and when you get pushed off a course is sometimes to get you back in the right course. Yes, I do believe that. We are always Paving our own way. You know, we are the ones who are steering the ship. So we need to decide if we want the terrain to be like Coastal. Yeah, or if we wanted to be mountain region or if we wanted to be fucking hell. Well the way you react to things shapes your reality. Yes, right and our reality is completely subjective and definitely there is no stars that are going to tell you what you are or aren't going to do. It just is a roadmap for the options that you have for people to understand this a little more. We went really in-depth on Ali's has stars like us podcast. But can you give a brief summary of when you did my chart? I was born August 12 1991 in the Bronx and kind of just at 12:55 12:55 p.m. Which is the important. Can you just tell me some stuff that we can learn from that? Yes. So when you have your date time and location of birth you plug it? All in and you can go on if you have an iPhone. I recommend Time Passages if you don't have an iPhone or your like, I don't want to download that app Castro.com. It's free. You get it for free your birth chart and your birth chart is a snapshot of the exact sky at your moment of birth. It was what the planets were doing when you popped out and you were born and from an astrological perspective. It shows us your personality your timeline your likes your dislikes. It gives us information. Our nation and obviously when I work with people because this could sound very contradictory to what I just said, I present them with these archetypes. You know, I will look at somebody's chart and be like, oh, wow, you had a really influential paternal figure in your life and then the client will illuminate if that was their father or if that was an older brother who that symbolizes to them and we work together to sort of build the chart and make it come to life. So when I looked at your chart for instance, you have the Sun and Better in Leo conjunct your midheaven, which is showing us that you are like it's the midheaven is your legacy your career your son. Your ego is at the top of your chart being expanded by Jupiter. So it's like you are going to take up a lot of space like you need to be seen. It is very important for you to sort of be famous, you know and have a name for yourself in one way or the other the question is are you going to you know, like drive yourself crazy getting there with a moon in Virgo? We didn't even really we talked about yeah, we Mission but with the moon in Virgo, which is so analytical so detail-oriented such a perfectionist that can get in the way of you just like blasting forward into Fame because you're so hyper sensitive you're picking up every single detail and Nuance of everything and then you have a Scorpio Rising which is showing that you also are a regenerate regenerative person that you're someone who is always transforming and rebuilding You have this like Phoenix energy. So we know that you are going to have many different careers in your life that you are probably going to be famous for lots of different reasons and that's kind of a cool thing too. Because we don't often talk about being famous for lots of different reasons. But when you look at some of the most famous people they're famous for lots of different reasons, you know. Yeah, I wonder like what's that Midler kind of talent? But yeah, I think we're all such multifaceted people also that blows my mind, but do you also think that's why my stuff is interesting because they're kind of contradictory. Yes. Yes. I think that contradictions. I love contradictions when I see like hard aspects there called in astrology when I see them in a chart. I'm like, ooh goody because you think that's why I suffer from some mental health stuff from an astrological perspective probably because I'm stuff is fighting each other. Yeah, I mean when We have conflict its momentum, but it's also internal strife. What do you mean by momentum? It's the energy that fuels us forward. Ooh, it's like a catalyst right? If everything I am full of energy. I like go to cpz like in a birth chart or in somebody's life like they're not getting shit done. Mmm. Well, it's funny. It's there are so many people who do want that consistent like nine to five or like living in a small town and they don't want to be bothered with crazy should all the time and like for people Who are listening to her like that? I kind of get it like my life is fucking hectic and crazy pants, but I think my head is that too. So like if I was put in like a peaceful state, I'm uncomfortable. Yeah, I mean when I go out to the country the quiet yeah is so anxiety-provoking but it's also important to like try to deal I try we try I try I'm hosting my first retreat in May in Joshua Tree. Oh my God, which is really it is my favorite place the desert energy Like I can really really fuck with the Quiet of the desert. It's more of like Forest quiet. I've never been to Joshua Tree. It's amazing. Yeah guys, you know how much I like to talk about sex and sexuality on this podcast and I've been searching for a perfect partner to do that with and this episode burning hell is brought to you by Belleza dot Co the premier destination for all things female sexuality, but less the brings you the hottest porn videos that prioritize female pleasure. Steamy erotic stories of my favorite sex toys be Boutique has the most amazing vibrators dildos couples toys toys for bust off toys for kinky stuff. You name it. Now, we all know that sex is great. But sometimes you need a little bit of help with a toy. It doesn't mean your man's has is lacking. You're not going to replace them with the toy. Tell him to calm the fuck down, but you guys have to go to be Boutique dotco. That's bbo you TI Q UE dotco for 15% off. Your new toys now my current favorites. I'm telling you my favorite three. I have experienced them. I've tried them out before I even I'm telling you about them. They're all made from velvety soft body-safe silicone and USB rechargeable, which is important because fuck batteries and waterproof for bath time fun. Hello, that's important. Sometimes. I don't know you want to feel like a fish. Sometimes you want to feel like not a fish. Okay. Anyway, Nirvana by Belleza die Osa Bible esta. Halo by Belleza, I repeat Nirvana, diosa and Halo are my three favorites but less is Mission overall is to empower women to embrace explore and celebrate their sexuality unapologetically. I love how not intimidating. The website is a feels like a friend recommending a vibrator to you. But let's be honest everyone got the first vibrator because a friend gave it to you because you have the balls to be like I want my own orgasms. It's also a website by women and female run company and you definitely feel that I love supporting my fellow women, so Be Boutique dotco get 50% off your new sex toys and free u.s. Shipping when you use the code be e RN at checkout. That's be Boutique dotco with coupon code burn ve RN for 15% off and free u.s. Shipping. Tell me how you like. I'm obsessed blessa also follow them on Instagram. They have hilarious memes about sexuality. I'm obsessed with them. Okay, I have to stop back to your regular programming. Okay. So as you tell me all this stuff like it sounds like you're into like Understanding the universe and healing and being connected what fucked up things happen to you to make you like this. Oh, I'm not sure if like we want to know we're in hell. Oh boy, I and whatever you say. I've probably covered. Okay. I mean we Where Do We Begin? Okay, so pre you know generational trauma? Yeah, so we could start centuries back. Yeah. So the main I would say recurring themes in the things that I'm really healing are not This is MM addiction escapism not having any sort of sense of reality in my household growing up a really really nasty divorce between my parents when I was seven cancer, since I my mom having cancer since I was 10, wow, and then obviously like my own then reactions to that. So my own addictions my own Eating Disorders my own I own like power struggles. And yeah, I guess that brings us to right now. That is fascinating. Are you do you believe in past lives? Yes, and no. I mean I don't believe that like as fabulous as it would be to feel like I was Cleopatra in a past life. I think that past lives are more of what trauma our family imposes on us. That makes sense. Like I feel like my past life is still cycling through some of the things that My you know, like the generational shit that my family doesn't work through. I thought oh my God, I love that. You said that because it anyone who believes in anything can believe in that. I mean, it's proven that different, you know, people your chromosomes like change based on trauma. Yes. It's like scientifically proven. I see a lot of New Yorkers I think our wild and outgoing and love comedy because we're immigrants we come from like kind of traumatizing times like my family was from Sicily where like It was a lot of poverty and they came here and left family. And then I have a Jewish side Holocaust. Hello, which are so many people cope with it differently, but it made me feel also a little saner like I suffer from a little OCD I suffer from anxiety. I can suffer from depression take the time to understand your family's Darkness like who cares about your family being perfect understand like talk to your mom about what she struggles with talk to your Grandpa about Like his mind. Yeah, you will learn about yourself and feel less crazy. Yes, and you'll also understand why you do the things you do like at a certain point like when we're in our late 20s and early 30s, which is such an important time for us, you know independently from astrology but also with in astrology it's sort of like the epicenter of the first it's like the climax to the first part of our narrative the story of our life. It's like big drama of happens. So when we Reach that point. It's like we have the choice like do we continue to perpetuate this pain or do we stop it? Do we say? Okay, I see you. You know, I see how this has influenced how my grandmother's eating disorder created. My mother's eating disorder created my eating disorder. Like am I do I want to continue this like chain? Absolutely not. Why would I want to do that? But I have to be brave enough to then sort of Look Back not just at my mom, but all the generations of people who have come past that And break the cycle and the only way we can do that is by looking at our family. I'm pulling I'm pulling up a tweet that I just did because that's how I live my life. I just posted and I said BRB trying to unlearn all my toxic childhood patterns. Yeah. I feel like so much of adulthood in your teens. You're like learning stuff and early twenties, you're learning stuff and then by like 28, I'm like, yeah, I need to unlearn all that bullshit that I thought I had her all those People who told me these things and you go back to kind of how you were as a child before like all the influences started hitting you but also there's so many raw parts of you that as a child that are great that you don't that you want to relearn like the playfulness. Yes penis. That isn't like there's so many parts that I miss about myself that I want back and I feel like that's alignment if anything yes, I but I have an interesting relationship with my little child self because She also I think was very antsy. Like she wanted her life to be bigger than it was and he was like felt claustrophobic and this is even before my parents got divorced. I was just doing some EMDR highly recommend for anyone who is working through some trauma stuff. Whoo found memories that are not visual that are just sensory memories and it was from when I was like two or three years old and I was miserable miserable. In them in a lot of ways. I feel like I'm happier. I'm increasingly happier than I ever have been in my life and it's because I have more agency over my life. Does this make me a control freak? Absolutely. Yeah, like for sure, but I know what it's like your comfort zone. Yeah, I'm figuring that out as I go. I think when I was young I was very playful. I was very creative but I was very antsy and I was very bossy. Everyone told me that I would drink till all the adults to sit down and say we're going to be in class. And I'm the teacher Uncle Johnny Be quiet and it was so funny because everyone else really has Boston my mom's like she's gonna be a leader and I I think like you pull certain size that you liked about yourself, but I also think I was so antsy because I wanted to be like go to an ice skating rink and not know how to skate and be like, I want to be the girl in the middle who's doing jumps and my dad's like you can't do that. You have to learn how to do it first, but I just like always want to do the hardest greatest thing. Yeah, and I think so much so much of our life we like whoa. Blackout and sometimes like the hardest part is remembering things and understanding why it happened and then working through it. Yeah, I mean I whenever I lead a workshop I always say like how many of you guys are even gonna remember you were ever here, you know, like we live most most of our life. We don't remember that's crazy. Yeah, we can just move through the world that weird the random things we do remember yes, like it isn't always critical moments. It's like Like a taste of something or like a passing by or like someone saying something random. Yeah, I mean our Consciousness is storing everything even though we don't remember it our Consciousness is like an ever-expanding infinite landscape that is just taking things that we don't even know that we're processing like the person on the subway the way a building looks a smell and like storing it and then we'll see some of that come out in our dreams, especially when it's like it was kind of you but it was like, not you it's like a composite of All the fucking people. We see all day long. I have the most realistic dreams. It's never like about like dragons and like it's always like me walking into a room like a conversation being had me too. It's like why it's very frustrating. It's very frustrating because you wake up in moods. Yes, and I will be mad at my boyfriend for like 48 Hours the other night. I had a dream that he proposed to somebody else in front of me and I was like, how could you fucking do that? And this is now in conscious life and he was like, I didn't know I was like, well you kind of did like Where you did in my Consciousness you fucking did that? It happened somewhere. It happened somewhere. You guys know I love talking to you about mental health, but physical health is important to you don't want to be ugly just kidding. I have not always loved my skin and I used to use proactive and that just Zapped the hell out of my skin and I'm always dry and I'm always really but I'm newly obsessed with glossy A's milky jelly cleanser. I know it looks like something you want to eat or put on a Cinnabon, but I'm telling you. It's my favorite cleanser. Also glossy a the way you pronounce it does say a lot about you as a person. It's glossy a not glossier just so you don't embarrass yourself in front of your friends. But I mean, I've always loved their brand because they really focus on the skin first makeup second, but it starts with washing her face with so cool. But the Milky jelly cleanser is one of the top-selling products and it's because in 2015 glossy. I asked their Community, what's your dream face wash and they took hundreds of responses and they got inspiration and they went to work to create kind of the ultimate. Ellie cleanser of what everyone's wanted? I'm obsessed with getting that glowy dewy skin because I want to look like a glossy a model and honestly, I've seen a difference in my skin. I feel like my face is brighter. My personality is brighter. I just I'm obsessed with the texture of it. It's not too creamy or to frothy. It's honestly the fucking perfect cleanser and you guys have to try it get that glowy dewy skin for yourself by visiting glossy a.com slash podcast slash burn. Ber n learn more and take a quiz to find out your ultimate glossy skin routine a classy a.com and all new customers get 10% off their first order with glossy a.com slash podcast / B, RN again. That's glossy a glos s IE are.com such podcast / B. ER n certain exclusions apply. If you don't get it, you're crazy real quick. I have a message for my fellow quarantine errs, if I've always wanted to start a podcast and there's been a whisper in the back of your head. This is the sign you need start that damn podcast and do it with anchor. I use anchor for my podcast. It's the easiest way to distribute your podcast to every platform Spotify Apple all the other ones. I don't know if people listen to them, but they're out there also, it's completely free and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listener. I ship it's basically everything you need to start a podcast in one place. It's the best platform download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And if you start one, please send it to me so I can listen at least tell me your idea. Good luck. Can you tell me what your chart says my chart reflects all of my shit. I think that the reason that I found my way into astrology. Oh, I guess to like close that Loop is I wanted to be an art dealer. I started pursuing that. And I was seeing that I was not living my truth. And I mean that in like the most literal way possible to be a successful art dealer in your early 20s, you need to come from money. You need to come from a family that has connections because otherwise you are just chasing rich people all day long and when you're in your early 20s, you're also like dealing with men who have money, you know, and like it's just bad luck. Yeah, very confusing. So I was going broke by pursuing. My job because I was like trying to keep up with this lifestyle that I could not afford. So I was becoming increasingly disenchanted just feeling like I was completely losing myself. I was talking with a friend about how like yeah, we're also single and on Tinder and we were like, oh my God, all these guys are so horrible. I wouldn't it be great. If you could really meet someone that you are compatible with oh like astrology like that's a compatibility tool lo and behold in a very similar way. Both of us were Leo's we started an You dating app like not having any idea how to start a nap at all. Yes, like we're like, oh, that's great. Is this 2014-2015? Yeah, and the pushback that we got on it was insane. I mean to be a young woman who is trying to like work in Tech in a mystical space and that time like we were literally get laughed out of the room. So astrology wasn't that in at that point like right now, it's the hottest topic ever but back then I could tell like Ali most people were laughing at yes, they were like this like I was you have to pitch to men. Yes, and it was pitching to men who would tune their wives out when they would hear them talking about astrology. So then here comes to girls rolling and being like invest in our astrology app and they were like women I like astrology will bring women on the apps. Yes. I mean I have I've let that Journey go a long time ago. So I so we I left my job to pursue that and then I want to prepare. What is the name of it was called a line did that for as long as I could mean while I still have was in the debt from the previous job? Obviously, I'm not paying myself for this Venture. Yeah, and I'm also working as a waitress. Like I'm having like massive sort of like ego death see as I'm trying to build myself up. Yeah coming face-to-face with my family's finances how they have no money. I was like kind of confused by that throughout my life and then I was like, oh shit. No, the reason that I got scholarships to everything. Because it was financial aid packages like but nobody was Community. Oh, they weren't talking about it, which is also kind of an ego thing. Yes. Yes, exactly. And here I am like going to fucking Art Basel and shit like fronting like I'm a rich kid in La so basically like destroying my ego. Yeah while working with astrology starting to work with astrologers to build this company and the language that they're speaking and the way that they're communicating is like finally like something is clicking. Yeah where everything else was falling apart. Yeah. Is it to say that fell apart but that app LED you to yeah, exactly. I love when failures like I put quotation marks with my hands. You guys didn't see that you missed it failures actually our successes. Yes, so you met this community and then you kind of got into and then you realize that you could do like one-on-one consultations or group things. Well, it would it's interesting because when I sew my app failed quote unquote in 2016 Forty-three dollars in my bank account you basically were like, I don't want did you invest money into it? I didn't have enough money to invest. So basically we're like this isn't gonna work. Yeah, I we were waiting for this for these investors who like when we googled one of their names, like one of them had been arrested for prostitution like not the most stand-up guy. Yeah, you know the dude having hired prostitutes. Yeah to clarify. Okay, and then was just a lot of shady shit going. Yeah. So when that investment fell through which was a fucking blessing because they started to put all of these terms in the contract that they would basically would have owned us and we didn't get the money the app had run out of money because it's fucking expensive to develop an app who know and I had no money and I was in LA and I basically had to decide like do I want to keep do I want to get a bullshit job here, or do I want to get a bullshit job in New York? Because either way I'm gonna have to pay rent, New York, baby. So I chose New York came back here. Most expensive places very funny that those are my options, but I'm from here. So I basically moved back home and it happened to be New York and I took a job at as an assistant at a hedge fund at this point. I pretty much feel like my life is never ever ever going to get on track and I'm 27, like I'm not a kid I but I'm sort of like trying to make the most out of the situation. Unlike they the great benefits vacation time. Did you say you're 30 now? Yeah, so three years ago. You basically didn't have a job which is funny because I'm 28 and three years ago. I basically didn't have a job either. Yeah. Yeah and you kind of there certain people we have similar things in our charts other than bolting Leo's that like there are certain people where it's like in order for them to evolve. They need to hit rock bottom and like I that's definitely the story of my 20s like was just Rock Bottom after I had to hit rock, but because the Universe was like you will push through like I had to be fired from my job. I had to like hate my job so much to quit the other one. Yeah, I had to I had to make I had to be in the terrible relationship to get out of it. Yes, but I guess when you think of things in that way you guys when you hit rock that's like I love breakups because I'm like, oh my God, this means there's more for yeah, right. The story is still unraveling. Yeah. So you're working at this hedge fund. So I'm working at this hedge fund and all the while infinite shout out for Or more to my amazing Mentor Annabelle cat who was the advising astrologer for a lion who I knew because she was also in the punk scene in New York City cool. And when I came back to New York, I remember she was like come over. I went to her place in Greenport Green Point Greenport new place and I was like everything like I'm miserable like literally nothing is good in my life and she was like, okay. Why don't you come and take astrology classes here with me and That's something that you can look forward to and at that time she was working with a bunch of other students and I literally was over at her house every single day and it was the only thing that was I looked forward to and it's funny cuz you're a very artistic person. Were you able to retain the information easily? Yeah. I think that it's when you have a very visual memory. It makes astrology easier. Okay, cool. I have a visual memory. You'll be an amazing astrology because I have I've get intimidated by the books. We're just Graphs of reading like naming planets. Well don't process it. I wouldn't have been able to either I needed to be sort of like guided visually and aurally, huh. Hmm in order to really process it and understand it and I was so, you know the universe like aligned and just the whom the right way and not the wrong way at that moment and I was investing all of my free time into learning and studying and I had no intention. Of profiting from yeah, I was about to say when did the monetization happen the monetization happened about a year later a little less than a year. But you were in a happier place. No. No, I was miserable. I was miserable but I didn't know a lot about a strong. Yeah. Yes exactly. I was miserable because I was still working at this hedge fund. I was just really it was bad dark times, but people started to you know, I had at that point been doing astrology all the way since the aligned days. So people were An astrology is getting more popular. So Al or contacts me to start doing the weekly horoscopes because the original horoscope writer was like sick that day. Sorry girl. Then people are saying oh right you want to yes, I do. I but horoscope writing is very exhausting horoscope writing is not normal writing. I'm a medium to cold about writing horoscopes most of the time but I do love to write so horoscopes and then workshops and then like slowly it like just things started these opportunities started just like cropping up out of fucking nowhere and I was like, okay. Yes. Yes, I'll take it. I'll take it. I was not ready at all to be full-time astrologer. And then one day I would know those thing. I didn't know it was a thing. I didn't know I could really get paid for I didn't know I could make a life out of it. Literally. I walk into the hedge fund job and there's a call and everyone gets on but boss is like, okay. I'm closing down the hedge fund as of right. Now you no longer I'll have jobs right to done and I and that was it and then I got three months Severance and it was in that three months that I built my entire business that I'm still working. So now we're to me how it's like yeah have to be fucking kicked in the ass out on the street. Yeah, and then you I tell it to my friends a lot who were like, but I feel really secure right now and I'm like have faith in yourself that when your back is against the wall, you will figure it out. So during those three months what are some things that Happened. Well, I was my default was like I need money. I'm I need to support myself. But for the first time ever in my life, I had money coming in you had several. Yeah, and it was like it was the only thing that I had been missing this whole time was just the comfort of knowing that like I didn't need to take the lowest common denominator opportunity. Yeah, and then I didn't need to like throw myself. Into the job market immediately. Yeah, and I could just catch my breath. It blows my mind like on a podcast episode I did where he talked to somebody. She was just a very offhand comment about her friend who had just left her job and visited her in Europe for two weeks. It has she was saying that I was like I would have known I could have never done that because I if I lost my job or if I left my job, I would immediately need to start working again in order to because I have so much trauma around money like it's such a triggering thing for me. Yeah. But for the first time at that moment, I was able to like be patient and wait and build connections and make decisions not based on money and sometimes I'm that situations great, but if people can like really think like okay if I didn't need to pay the bills what I want to do and then how can I figure it out? I think some our house. I'll be honest. They don't pay me that well its second season of a reality show, but it gave me enough buffer to be like, oh I can do comedy shows for free and like not feel guilty. Yes and that sometimes Those free Investments you do for yourself are actually what makes the most money for you in the long run. Yes, and you don't see it while you're doing it because if you're if you think about money too much it really Cuts all your creativity. Yes. I mean, I feel creatively inspired by money to yeah, like I feel like especially now that I'm in the space where like nobody there is no path that I'm following like and everything is an option. It's like sure like, let's do a reality TV show based. It on astrology and a book Siri is and an international tour. Yeah, why not? Like do you feel like when people are talking to you? They want to put you in a box or like put you on a path and it frustrates them. I think the people I'm kind of going back to how we started like the astrology haters love to like try to like throw me off and have these intellectual conversations with me about science and it's like nah, dude, like I still go to the doctor like I'm like, I'm still Like a person of this era and time but I just I know more I can read people more. I'm more sensitive. I'm more gentle I'm more kind like that's all you a little bit of a medium. No, I mean, I'm very I'm an empath so I read people's emotions, but no, I don't have any Spirits coming in to do you find it exhausting to be so aware of people's emotions? Yes. Do you have to spend alone time a lot? Well, I used to be a massive extroversion. Kurt okay where I only could have energy from other people and as I've gotten older I've become more of an introvert interesting. Yeah interesting, but it's also like now I basically work in isolation most of the time and how do you like that? Well, I got a dog so we're chilling. What kind of dog she's a rescue beagle Chihuahua. Oh how interesting her name is Lucy. That's my middle name. Oh my God, such a cute name. I wish it was my first name, but I just wish I like it. I know Lucy is really cute think that's a that's a baby girl named it is so I want to wrap this up with a final game called the seven deadly sins seven deadly sins. You ready, I guess. So, what are you greedy about money planets? Yes, of course. Money, I mean I am and I'm not like I teach money manifestation and I love doing money manifestations of people because I'm very powerful and it always works. It's worked for me and the way the basically the secret sauce is to get more money give money. So donate to an organization that you care about venmo your friend who you know is having a tough time like circulate money energetically and that is the way that you'll always get more like more money more about how I overall feel. About energy and General in terms of like kindness or you want more love in your life. Give love ya. I'm just like, uh, someone loved me but I would say that despite the fact that I am very like, you know, always like support my friends and buy their books or I give money to organizations a lot. Like I still have scarcity thinking when it comes to it. So I still get like hmm, like really wound up and certain things and I'm trying to learn how to release funny because I've been told that like money always And me like I'll never have an issue with money, but I was very cheap and I realized that was just a control thing. I felt like if I wasn't like knowing exactly what I was spending all the time, then I'd be out of control and it took me like becoming depressed to realize like that shit is so stupid that like me spending $15 on a new brush and it ruined my day. No and now I like spend so much on Uber and now I have a spending problem and now I'm getting reported by Uber first, but it's like there is a you don't want to Go extreme and either direction of control and finding that happy medium of like I know I trust myself that I know if I'm going too far with something, who are you envious of? I think I've in a lot of ways like really fix this one. I don't know no one comes to mind right now. I have one of my practices is wishing the people that you're envious or jealous of well, and I have spent so much energy doing that that I genuinely want people who I would even like I'd be like, I'm so competitive with them in my head to like succeed that it's like they've become extensions of myself to Just tell yourself that over and over again or you like and it starts to actually be held when doing yes, when like when I was practicing it if I would see on social media. Somebody had like a really seem like they have a great gig and I was like, why didn't I find out about that? I'd be like man. I hope they fucking kill it like guess double like like share it genuinely like pushing it out to the world get it to as many people as possible. I hope that they succeed and I'm really genuinely not I'm envious of myself. I got even excited. Yeah. Excited you even saying that I think I do that but it was cuz tennis was I was straight out you have to root against other. Yeah, there's a whole ranking system. If you want to be ranked higher she has to lose this match if she wins this match I have to play her and I don't want to have to play her. It was constant rooting against people. So second I got into a creative space and I hated the feeling of jealousy or coaches be like, why don't you play like her? Why isn't your back in his good as hers? I was like wait, we're not playing against each other. I can actually route for her and then with that became like Freedom yeah of my own mind and like so much more abundance I think for myself and I realized like I love bragging about my friends. I love being like, oh, she's my friend. Well, I'm not even from like just a completely selfish level like you want to align yourself with successful people. Yeah. I mean you are really like the five people you surround yourself with and I've been talking to Paige who's my one of my best friends on some she's my best friend on summer house and we've you know, we're kind of lined up to compete against each other and we laugh because like we tend it Every one of us gets weird about something we talked it through like will be like, you know, I noticed that like someone said that like you have more followers than me and it's like fucking weird and then I'll be like yeah, it is fucking weird that we're stuck in this stupid thing, but you're the shit and like we just build each other up and like in face all our insecurities together. Yes, it makes such a difference it frees up so much space. What do you gluttonous about? Croissants I fucking love for so you how do you pronounce it croissants? Okay. I'm not gonna lie. Sometimes I say croissants. Oh because I'm an asshole. Yeah quit. Well, I feel weird being like croissant croissant. Well, I I definitely can't I'm not going to even try it with a I can't even speak French. I'm like wassanasong. I was all I had a tweet that went viral that said you can tell a lot about a person by how they pronounce croissant. Well, what do you think about my pronunciation? I like Your New Yorker cool and I started saying croissant because I don't eat them a lot. Yeah say that I wanted to I don't I try not to eat them a lot. But like yeah. Hell yeah, I think I'm better than a croissant what croissant sandwiches we put shit in it. I don't I just go straight butter. Okay butter croissant you put butter on it. No. No, I'll just say that's not good that is when was the last time you experienced? Dream wrath feel angry a lot more than I used to why because I am trying to not just be sad. Oh well, so I'm trying to explore a full range of emotions. I love that stuff a why aren't they having the safety of a really solid relationship? Unfortunately has brought out my anger. Yeah, because again, like I feel like I never felt safe enough to call people out or yell at people because I was like, I don't want to lose anything. But now that I'm in a safe relationship, it's like Luke. I love you. Thank you for dealing with me. Hi, ma'am. Yes, he did. I agree. I want to name my kids Luke and Lucy with the middle name. I think you can make it work. Yeah with anger. I feel also women are taught not to be. Yeah and to express anger. So poker someone out were New York. No one cares. When was the last time you were a sloth? So like lazy? Well, I have so much work to do all the time that sometimes like I'll reach maximum capacity and I'll just be like nothing gets done. Yep. You're one of those hours were all you want to do is one thing and in your procrastination for that one thing like five hours go by and you're like I could have just yet done something else story of my life or actually just relax during this for our right side of like procrastinating. I'm going to do it. I'm gonna do it right that yesterday with one podcast sad. I couldn't I just couldn't get myself to or sometimes. I just can't do this thing and I end up just being like, you know what this isn't getting done Netflix. You just go. Oh, yeah. I just watched the entire office. Oh my gosh, a lot of Seasons. Wow. Congratulations. Yeah, I bet it gets really bad at the end. Oh It's upsetting I know people don't talk about that enough. When was the last time you let your pride get in the way of something? I don't know if it is the last time that I let it get in the way of something but I definitely have I definitely have a pretty big ego. And if I feel like I'm being made to seem stupid or diminutive or like I'm being put into like this like wacky of mystical box. Then I start to get like my ego starts to come out and I start to get really proud about it and I'm sure over these years there have been opportunities that I've And down because I felt like they were beneath me because they were limiting. I mean do I care at the end of the day? No, not really like you deal with like with astrology the ego does play a role. Do you try to be like get another side of you to overtake it or how does that manifest? Well, I have this for astrology listeners out there Eighth House Delhi. I'm sending the Eighth House conjunct myself node. Any time I do something that comes purely from place of ego it blows up in my face. It's the Trap of my chart. So I have had to learn how to not in order to be successful. Well, it's good to see the result of your ego. Yeah, who is the last person you lost it over like do you have any celebrity crushes now? I feel so boring. I don't have any celebrity crushes. I what's your type? in a so many ways like I feel There have been phases of types. I've been with my current boyfriend now for almost three years. Wow. Thank you. It's a long time and I feel like he has become like I love him and he's become really like a symbol of my type in the past. I was attracted to narcissus or like I love an art. I love addicts. Well, I love addicts. I realized that so much of me, you know in these relationships was mean not fulfilling my creative potential and when I to fulfill my creative potential I realized that what I wanted in a partner was so different than when I thought I thought that I wanted to be with someone who was like Alpha and two turns out I just want to be Alpha is when I go out party boys it's terrible because I am Alpha 2 and I realize we just me not feeling strong enough within myself yes oh my God you nailed it well to wrap this up I ask everyone the same question which is what advice would you give to people on how to cope with their hell hell is not an easy place to be but in astrology one of my favorite things about it is that everything is cyclical so it reminds us that like even the toughest and darkest of times too will pass and that there is going to be some resolution that you may not be able to see yet but is is out there and you just have to get yourself to the other side nothing is stagnant nothing is stag that's just not How the Universe Works Eliza you are so fascinating so incredible so smart I am so happy that you've been on where can people follow you where can people buy Buck's join your with everyone so I'm on all the social media including Tick-Tock uh-oh. Watch out at Lisa Kelly. Lica kely. That's also my website. You can buy my books wherever books are sold support your local bookstore store. I'm getting into character um and join the consolation club, which is our online. Yeah, it's just joined and then you have you have Cosmopolitan going on. And you have some Retreats. Yes. There's a there's a lot of first yes. I hope this won't be the only one it won't be the only one. I'm so excited about it. Yes come along for the ride. Thank you guys for coming to hell I'd how I have a patreon option now for three dollars a month. I'll put you my close friends. I'll give you summerhouse Recaps while someone else is going on. Oh shit. And yeah, I'm a it's gonna be Rowdy. Yeah $3. What is three dollars? I I've pooped out three dollars. Anyway. Yeah, and if enjoy this episode screenshot it right scribe review, so I bop who knows. I love you guys so much. I'll talk to you later. Bye.