Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit. Then your middle of the road wine but super super tasty. So if you need something to drink while the two of us are duking it out pick up some Santa Julia. So what is exfoliation you might be asking yourself. Well it is this step in your skincare routine that is taking off all the dead skin cells on your face. And the point of exfoliation is to reveal brighter healthier skin while reducing the size of your pores and that's really how I got into exfoliation a few years ago. I was getting a ton of blackheads whiteheads around my nose area and my pore size was huge. And so I started exfoliating more often to minimize minimize my pores. We do not love large pores. We hate large pores. Yeah, not cute not cute. So the first type of exfoliator is probably the type that if you're familiar with exfoliation, this is what you would know about. It's called physical or manual exfoliation. These are like microbeads sugar or salt scrubs. It's about physically Off the dead skin cells through a combination of a more aggressive granier type of cleanser and like your own manual movements around your face. The type that I love is the chemical exfoliator and it is a liquid that you put on your face and the ingredients sit on your face for anywhere between 5 to 10 minutes depending on how strong of an exfoliator it is and it literally peels off a layer of your skin as you wash it back off. Yeah. Yeah, which sounds pretty freaky but Natalie's gonna try to change my mind today. Yes, because it's wonderful. Yeah. So today each of us is going to advocate for our own type of exfoliator. And then we're actually going to try each other's which we've never done before and we are going to live come back after 10 minutes of trying each other's exfoliator and tell you real time what we think so round one time to Advocate chemical exfoliator, 's Of the reasons why I love it. I was always so bad about exfoliating. It was a step in my routine that I was missing and I just never ever did because it added doing the physical type like just added so much time. I felt like to my routine and it like was a lot of hand motions. It's a lot of activity. Um, well, I love about chemical exfoliator, 's is that you put the product on your face and for the next five or 10 minutes you can do other things. Thing so like I can Swiffer my apartment put things in the wash like get ready for the day pack my bag do whatever I need to do and then 5 to 10 minutes later wash it off and the exfoliation is done. You'll also notice from our podcasts that I really like it when there's like a tingly feeling to my products because it's like an indicator that something is happening in my skin is absorbing or taking in whatever product it is note though that I don't actually have Of skin so it's okay that I'm feeling that tingly sensation. I would say four people do who do have really sensitive skin and like break out very easily. It's probably actually a bad sign if you use things that are too tangly or start to hurt so definitely would keep that in mind. But yeah, I just love chemical exfoliator is because yeah, I'm lazy. Well, I have the opposite argumentation around the laziness thing or the time thing, which is that I don't want to wait ten minutes for my skincare to do its thing. I just want it to happen. So I don't like extending the overall time of my skincare routine which when you do a physical exfoliator, you just kind of put it on you scrub it around and then you take it off and you're done. So I like that the other thing that I like probably the most about physical exfoliators is the immediate effects on how soft your skin is so with a chemical Natalie would definitely say that she feels like her skin is softer longer term or maybe like the next day or a couple days later, but with physical you're going to feel like you're Skin is the softest. It's ever been right away. It is crazy. And I also really like that feeling of like the massage on my face with the like grainy texture. I like similar to this feeling of I'm doing something for my skin. I really feel like I'm I'm taking off those dead skin cells and it feels really good. I also really only use sugar or salt scrubs for a couple of reasons. The first one is most of microbeads. Are really not good for the environments. I try to steer clear of any microbead based exfoliators, but also sugar and skull salt because they're hydroscopic. They're actually hydrating versus taking the moisture out of your skin and we love moisturizing. So we love hydration. So I'm a big big fan of that. So we're getting ready. We're going to go try each other's products and we will be back for round two where we talk about what we think yeah are unfiltered. Look into each other's skin care routine. So I think before we get into reviewing each other's exfoliators. Let's maybe talk a little bit about the wine. What did you think? Yeah, so I am a little bit newer wine than Jess's and typically I actually really like malbecs because I think it's very approachable one. This one was a little bit more funky than what I normally used to I would say like kind of earthy minerally that's like an actual word. That's a real word. Okay act but yeah, I thought it was still very approachable and I actually really enjoyed it. This is as I mentioned earlier a mole. Can cab Franc blend cab Franc is actually one of my favorite grapes, but it is definitely earthier than what a lot of Americans are used to if you're looking to get into something a little bit different but you typically like a Malbec this is a pretty good blend to try out. Yeah. It was a good way to dip your toes in something funky. I don't know if it's funky. It's not funky but it's minerally okay, it's fine different them like a Rioja on a Malbec which are very easily approachable to drink. Yes, good point. Okay. Should we get into exfoliation? We should Natalie tried a charcoal and salt scrub. It's M3 natural charcoal scrub infused with collagen and stem cell and we do love collagen. We love colleges. All right, Natalie. Let's get the unfiltered response. It definitely made my face soft. So I will give Jessica points for that. Like it was a very immediate when I touched my face like, oh it actually does feel very very plump and soft. I I will say though. I kind of hate the feeling of scrubbing my face. It was kind of painful in a way that just I didn't enjoy. Yeah, I didn't love that. You didn't love it. But I see what you mean. Yeah, it's also one of those things where he probably shouldn't do it around other people because it turns your face like a grayish black color. So not great when you have guests over for sure. It's not cute. It's not cute at all. I will say one thing that I do. Do I do like about exfoliators and normal? He's I feel like it like does things to my pores? I'm not sure if this did that like I feel like I got off a layer of dead skin and my skin feels soft, but I will be interested to see over the next few days. If I feel like it's done anything with my pore size. Mmm-hmm. Yeah, interesting. Okay, she want to introduce what I tried. So the product that Jessica tried is the ordinary AJ 30 % BH a 2% peeling solution. It is a 10-minute exfoliating face. All pH 3.6. Do you want to talk a little bit about what a Chase and be a Chase are AJ? That is an alpha hydroxy acid BHS our beta hydroxy acids and you'll see this actually on a lot of skin care products like one big buzzword retinol is in AJ actually and the point of these these acids is to really help your skin shed. Its top layer sounds gross, but I promise my whole face is Not peeling off. Yeah, it's it's really trying to help your skin hurry along that process. And so that's why they work really well as chemical peels and almost every single chemical peel will have something that falls into one of those buckets in AJ does does work to your top layer of your skin. Wild BHA goes deeper and penetrates your like natural oils and everything to go in as a deeper treatment. So I am not at this point in time. I'm a huge fan. Of the chemical exfoliator. I do recognize that the one that Natalie gave me is probably on the stronger end of the spectrum that tingling feel that she described really enjoying I have to say in general. I'm not a huge fan of that feeling whenever I have it in a skincare product and it kind of had like a low-key but ongoing and sustained tingle for the 10 minutes. And so while I knew it was working, I wasn't sure I loved that it was working all so it does give your skin this particular product. It's like a deep red color. And so also not super cute for when people are over. It kind of makes you look like you're bleeding from your face. But but but you're not it's just the color of the product but not cute for my people are over. I think the one thing that I'm kind of intrigued by is that now I've you know done the rest of my skin care routine. So I've put on like my I creamed my moisturizer and my skin feels very tight. And I can't figure out what that means. So it could be that my skin is really feeling dehydrated, which is not abnormal with any type of exfoliation or it could be that actually like the pore size is Contracting which you know as Natalie talked about with mine the physical exfoliator. She's not sure that that really happened weren't right. Now. I can definitely feel like my skin is really really tight and I can still feel like moisture on my skin from my moisturizer so it could be that that's actually a really positive feeling and my pores are tiny. opening up But wait a secret third round where we talking about. Well, it's been a week since we recorded that last episode and the morning after I tried Natalie's chemical peel. I woke up. I saw the the pores on my nose which are typically the bigger ones and I thought they looked a lot smaller than what I'm used to seeing. So yeah, you did. Yeah, wait one for Natalie point for Natalie point for now. However, I really didn't like that feel of the aggressive product that she had recommended though this led to well, let's just say a pretty significant amount of research. I went down a bit of a deep dark hole huge role on chemical exfoliation, like enormous hole and started looking into first. Like what are the ingredients of ahas and BHA is that are typically in chemical exfoliator, 's and then where can I get them on the AJ side what you typically see on ER glycolic and lactic acids and then on the BHA side usually see salicylic acid, which a lot of us would be familiar with from like acne products. Yeah, or like on the spot treatments things like that. And because I don't really have that much of a blackhead problem. I decided to focus more on a chaise with maybe like a lesser part of the phas. So I found a product that I'm really in love with and they are pretty well rated online as well as isn't exactly a Take but it's dr. Dennis grosses Alpha Beta Universal daily peel it's basically a two-step packet and I love packets for traveling like little pads and things like that. You're also a big pad part like a big pattern wipe I am I think one annoying person I am but it's because it travel it's so easy. Another thing that sticks out about what you were just talking about with these pads is that it significantly reduces the amount of time you have to wait for the product to sell right? Which I know is I hated. Yeah, and it was Something that you are really concerned about in terms of like actually implementing it into your everyday routine, right? Because two minutes is like I can go get dressed in the meantime or something like that. The other thing I really like about these is they come in three different strengths. So if you are more of a pro at the chemical peel like Natalie, you can get an extra strength version and if you're new to it, they also have a sensitive skin version and you can buy a pack of five to start to see if you like them. So I think that's really nice. Yeah, and I also tried these and I thought they were really good like Jessica said first. When you're on the go or in a little bit of a rush like in those types of situations, I think in the evening, I would I might just for go doing an exfoliator altogether but these are really good for someone like me. I don't love the physical scrubby feel but I still want to be able to get my exfoliator in quickly. Like this was I think this is kind of a good middle stuff there. Yeah. The other thing about these is they can be pretty expensive. So you're supposed to do them daily and 30 of them is about $88. So like eighty eight dollars a month, but I did find that I actually could just rip them in half and if you close at the packet really, well, you can use them again the next day which means it's $88 for two months, which is a pretty big Improvement. Yeah one might say a 100% Improvement one might say one might say it's Mystic ways, you know, I know so brilliant, but I think that really changes the economics of using something like this. Yeah, and I would also say that I think if I were to implement these into my routine something that I would do Do these may be few days during the week, but then use a different exfoliator on the weekend when I it's like right dig skincare day. And so that also changes the economics hold it because I can use my like $10 ordinary exfoliator on the two days on the weekend. Right? Well that leads to an interesting other point. So this past weekend, I was doing my full Sunday skincare routine which at some point we'll have to take you listeners down that deep dark hole because it is significant but But I used my normal physical exfoliator this weekend because I do still really like that feeling and that softness of my skin afterwards that I really find. I can't get somewhere else and when I finished with the physical exfoliator after a week of using the chemical exfoliator, 's the results were crazy. Like I have never seen my skin. Look that Flawless Natalie's now staring staring at my nose truly can't really see her pores which before you definitely could So I think the answer is there's no real debate do both do both. So I think physical once or twice a week and then you can augment that with the chemical on up to a daily basis. Definitely don't do them both on the same day. That would be way too aggressive for your skin. But I think that the duality of them and how they work together is something really great. So that is what I will be doing going forward and we're going to keep searching for the physical exfoliator that Natalie loves so that she can also do both one. Last thing we wanted to hit on is kind of when you're doing these chemical exfoliator, 's you really want to make sure that you're wearing sunscreen the next day because they do contain these AJ's which can make your skin more sensitive to Sun. So look out for that suncare episode. That'll be coming your way. But in the meantime, be sure to put sunscreen on the day after you use them and you should also just again plug wear sunblock every day. Just a thought fair enough, but especially young after using products with HHS. If you're the anti-wrinkle club wear sunblock every freaking day people and if you're not in the anti-wrinkle Club, why are you listening to this podcast? Yeah, exactly. All right. Well, I think that's our show so don't forget to check out all the products. We talked about today on our website skincare small EA's.com or come visit us on Instagram at skincare somalis and we'll see you. You in two weeks. Hope you enjoyed the episode.