Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place.Download the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody noon first off just one to just wanted to say a quick. Thank you. Honestly, this is something that I've wanted to do for a while as I've I said before a podcast. This is like I've just really enjoyed doing it and I think just hearing so many people like reach out to us and say like hey, I really enjoyed it and just anything positive that we've been hearing is really cool. So I just wanted to say thank you to everyone that listens everyone that reaches out because seriously, we enjoy doing it and the fact that you guys enjoy listening is is what He's going to keep this going if if we're still having fun and people are still listening and people are still enjoying it. Then we're going to keep doing it because we have a blast. So it was a relatively slow week in sports just like not a ton of huge headlines, but we still got a little bit of news and notes. We're going to have some free agency predictions on today's show. We got an interview a really cool interview. I think with Theo milis my buddy. At Boise State. He's a Boise State basketball manager from North Canton, Ohio. So I think yeah, I think that's going to be really cool interview for people is to we also have a little bit of Bachelor talk at the end and then our must watch have been in the week and then kind of what we're going to do next week. So news and notes Austin Eckler signs a what was the full deal brand or year twenty four point five million dollar deal. So six and six Million dollars a year for the Chargers to re-sign Austin Eckler. What is this is not a lot of different things going into this because I mean, I mean they think they got the running back for the future which probably needs Melvin Gordon's going to walk. Yeah, cuz I can't imagine them shoveling out 30 something that you're just the running back position. So yeah. Yeah, I agree. It'll be interesting and but I think it's a Team friendly doing for a guy that I mean office. He had a great year last year, but we'll see. I don't know if he can handle every done work. So yeah. Be yeah, I think it'll be interesting. I think you said I think you're right. I think that means Melvin Gordon's probably gone and for them to only pay it running back six million a year where you have guys that are paying our teams are paying fifteen four studs and they got out. They got Justin Jackson behind him to which is a he's a bigger running back and if you guys don't know who he is, but he's cheap. He's though. He's younger guys. So they're saving a lot of money to running back position right now. Yeah. I thought that was a very different idea Lanie. any thoughts I know it sounds really smart. Yeah, I mean where the pain Melvin Gordon all last year like when he was injured also, I don't think you have to pay the to got Waggoner injured unless it's guaranteed. Yeah, but but still they were I mean somehow hold on. Yeah, that's that's yeah. I think it's like in there better interest tell ya let him go and kiss. You know, I've learned a great season and Ryan for Fantasy Football. I think this means like hecklers there guy we were just talking about our fantasy football league like my Core kept is going to keep us in a cool way. So what we do is in our league is we're going to keep guys in the round that you drafted them. I think Cole picked Eckler in the last round of our draft. So cool is going to get a I mean Eckler might be like a first second round pick next year for Tom in PPR leagues, like colg is going to get a steal no snack or another aspect to this is that they're gonna get a new quarterback. So yeah, I mean Philip Rivers was a big play guy through a lot downfield. I mean often occur might benefit from a guy that dumped it down and try to move the move the stick so he could even have a bigger next year. Yeah, for sure taysom Hill of the New Orleans Saints they placed a first-round tender on him, which is interesting. I'm not a hundred percent sure like first time tender that I mean that if they get the rights to match him right? I'm pretty sure and then if someone if they don't if someone else signs him then they get first-round picks. Yeah. So yeah, I think the way the things are looking at right now is I don't think they think that anybody's gonna pay him. Maybe they're starting quarterback. So I feel like Saints are making a smart move here. And I mean people within have said that they think that he's the next quarterback Drew Brees. So and who knows how many years he's got left. So take some Hill could be the future. But I mean, we got to see him throw the ball some worth preserving. You got a lot of talent I would they be able to get the ball to him for sure. I think that'll be it'll be interesting to see ya there. I think they're playing it smart because I think if some team offers big money to them then they get for fun pics out of it. So it's like it's a win-win-win situation unless they don't they don't have any other big-name to bigger names a locking so know exactly other piece of Note news Quinn and Williams. He was the number three overall pick last year of Alabama was picked by the New York Jets last year in the first round of the NFL draft. He was found in a was a Florida. Yeah, it was found on the airport with a gun and he had a permit and Alabama for it but not where he was at. So it's it's not I mean any other day is probably get away with it, you know, like probably just a mistake. He seems like a good guy. Like I don't I don't see him and I agree a guy that's like but he yeah just miss working there, but it'll be all good. Yeah, another cool piece of news. It was cool because obviously we have Theo's a manager for the Boise State basketball team. But Jackson State manager Thomas nickname smacks lie, he's probably 6-3 6-4 probably 350. He is a long good large. Boy, he's been a manager for four years at Jackson State and he finally got in when out finally, I mean, he's a manager God got to go into a game and he made a three-pointer from like half court. So it's a really cool. No snacks. Yeah. I really cool moment for him. I listen to a couple interviews actually with him and they were like, he's been around the program for like ton. I mean like his whole life and he's a big Kevin Durant fan. He wore number 35 and and Kevin Durant tweeted at him after the game. Just a really cool story called Situation for sure like yeah, very happy for the guy. Also. We've talked a lot actually about the CVA on this podcast and kind of what's going on with it. And there's a new report coming out actually just today or yesterday - on that the owners are hoping that the players vote. No on this currency be a because now they want an 18 Game season, so they're trying to delay it. So if it's nothing happens this year, it'll Get delayed till next year and I'm in there looking for more money. You know, I just tells you how much they're making from these games and it's insane that I've heard. So many people say that this is a bad deal for the players currently. Yeah, and now they want to go to work. It's crazy. It's the owners are getting really really greedy and I heard it from a guy best. I think he said he said it when you're negotiating you want to get a fair deal for all because even if you're the team that rips your the party that rips off the other party is going to come back to bite me and I think Nurse and they're going to they're going to feel that if they do try to rip off a player and I think I think for the players a lot of them of the game enough like if they did one extended and do less preseason games, like I feel like in the other day that they'll be fine with it, but it's the pay cuts its yeah access they're going to get paid way less than what their annual contract is just for those extra couple games. It's wrong like if if those owners want those games so bad than those contracts how to get bigger and they got to extend so it's got to be fair on both sides. It shocked me looking that Revenue split is not 50/50 now. It's 47:53 and favor. The owners want to get 53 percent of the money before is 42. So but that's how it was even worse. It's in it and they want it they're offering to bump it up to forty eight point five, but still it should be especially if they're adding games the revenue share needs to be more the players need to get their fair share of this deal. It's it's shocking. Honestly that the owners are asking for what they know and that and that split might not sound like that bad. But when you're looking at the mass amount of money that they're that's been a 1% is billions of dollars. Especially with gambling money that's going to be they haven't That's not including gambling revenue and the gambling Revenue over the next 10 years is going to Skyrocket because I think in a couple years gambling Sports gambling is going to be legal All Over America and that the amount of money. That's honestly the gambling money might be more than like TV deals. That is how big that's going to be and that's not even factoring in the sea people already don't realize how much money is in the NFL. And yeah, it's only going to grow Oh, that's crazy. All right, that's our news and notes. We're going to go to our now. I guess it's a reoccurring segment and maybe a weekly segment. Definitely definitely going to be going to be in the podcast for sure soccer time with Eli sock time with the soccer time with Eli's. So Eli is going to give us this is his basically MLS preview. So MLS season started actually started last Saturday, but we wanted to talk about that. Manchester City things and now Eli is going to do his MLS preview Eli. You ready for your MLS? Yeah, so I'm just going to ask you a few questions and this is all you because me and Brandon are not I'm learning every day. Yeah, exactly. So who are who are kind of the top teams in each is it called if their conferences has just recently analyzed? Okay, who will the top teams whose who are the teams to watch watch this year? Elliot Elliot FC for sure, there's two teams in LA but LFC is this is their weave their second or third year. But last season they they were top of the league by far. They Carlos veloz or top player it mean he they just kind of steamrolled but then I think they lost him like the semi finals or something like that or like they didn't they didn't do as great in the playoffs. And so they didn't they didn't win the cup. But um, I think they're my prediction for winning the MLS Cup because Atlanta FC they did the same thing where they had a they had a total break out season. They were I mean, they were everyone's favorite to win and then they lost in like the first round of the playoffs or whatever. And so I kind of think I live C is gonna do sort of the same pattern where they now they realize I like wait you can steamroll through the whole season but nothing that matters come back to you. Yeah, not that matters. If you can't make it to the playoffs and Virginia asked. Yeah, I mean that's like the Raptors last season them to India. Yay, so, what about Portland and Seattle? What's because that's I'm guessing I mean your Port 1. Yeah Seattle is probably the basis of most of this audience what some of their teams looking like, um, I haven't I haven't looked at like Saddles like transferring it transfers or anything like that too much but they are still very strong team. I mean, they didn't just come off of an MLS Cup. So obviously there it's kind of good. But Jordan Morris is I've heard of him. I've heard of honestly, I I can't hate him. Like Sanders are like the Timbers Rivals. But Jordan Morris also plays for the US. Yeah, and he's pretty young. I think he's going to be one of our if we ever make it to another one cup he's going to be he's going to be key in that. But um and he's not he's not like a villain, you know, I'm saying like just like the sun or side players in the past were like when it plays it when they put Timbers they they just get yellow cards for fun and like they just go crazy, but he he's he's a good kid play soccer and he's really good. You can't deny that but he came off of the bench, I believe and scored two goals. To help them get their their win last week. So I think I think he's gonna be one of their players to watch and they also have a midfielder Nicholas like Darrow who was kind of like their top player last year. I think he's gonna be good again. So they they've always had always put up a strong team, but I think they're going to be I think they're gonna be just as strong as ever I season the Timbers made a few changes. They did lose their first game to Minnesota. There's something about Minnesota that we just I just don't think we can beat Minnesota or not that good. But we played them like three or four times already and they we've lost every time but they made a few interesting signings. One of our signings is he's Brothers with one of our players that we've had ever since we joined them alas. So Diego Chara has been a team since 2011 when we join them less and Fan favorite every like he's played every game everyone loves him. He always has this huge smile and we signed his brother and it's funny because they look alike and they both have that smile and they have kind of the same style of play but that's gonna be fun to watch audience. If you want to you want to have some entertainment. You got to watch Eli watch of Timbers game. It's a good pressure pressure back to Atlanta though. They they're kind of star player. Josefa Martinez, just tore his ACL. Yeah. It's huge that changes. I mean that changes Atlanta season. I think that changes the MLS because Atlanta was there usually one of the the usually like the pop team in it east and I mean they've only been that most reviewers but ever since I've joined they've been a Powerhouse and a lot of that is due to host of Martinez. He he's a goalscoring monster and now they don't have and so yeah, they still have a strong team. There's team is still stronger than some others, which is the sixth a month under there. But yeah, so that'll be interesting to see how they do. So What are your who are the MVP kind of kind of favorites? Who's who's the the big-name players to watch Carlos Vela on La FC is kind of an obvious one took the league by storm last season. It's other than that though. I usually you always have like one or two big candidates and then usually have someone who will kind of carry their team. I think it was 2015 Diego Valeri in the Timbers got the MVP and like we did okay, but like the main reason you got MVP was you know, our team wasn't like as good as some other teams, but he really carry our team and I think he led the league in assists and almost let him goals or something but he had he had a great season kind of care team. And so it'll be interesting to see that LA Galaxy the other La team just signed Mexican Striker Chicharito and healed. He's a he'll be a fun player to watch. I don't know if he necessarily is MVP material this season, but he'll Pretty good. Yeah, and then one of the cool things I like about the MLS is when like big-name players from like Europe come to play in the MLS. Like I think like David Beckham is was an example of guys and is lot on it's a lot. It's a lot as an idea. That was cool. And he like came to play in America. It was huge. He was all over social media. And so I guess my question to you is like who who do you think is next because I've heard I think this is kind of like popular. There's like a lot of rumors that go around like the next player and like it would be dope to see messy come. I don't know if that's ever a possibility. But like if he came when he's a little older and played in the US but like who you think is the next big name like European guy to come play in the MLS. Yeah. I I honestly I could see messy come in but it would be a while. How old is he Dino? Just I you know like around 33. We have started a be cool if you ever played. Yeah in the you know, she's 32 32. Okay. Well, you don't have B 33 Museum so they might be a little bit and yeah, he's something but I ran all those 35. Yeah or not older than me. I'm all over it might make it a must for Messi does but they're both still. They're both still pulling their way in that's a good you're good trivia question for like to do dinner table. We're in all those the most followed person on social media. That's crazy. Yeah. anyway, so Another one another one of the other big names I'd say one of the top five names and like European soccer is is Neymar jr. And he recently he told David Beckham. So David Beckham is the owner of Miami FC or enter Miami. Sorry. They're neither MLS the season and they apparently some reporter said that and this is a quote Neymar said I will play for inter Miami one day, which is crazy. Even if Neymar even when neighbors older he's still going to be Like levels above the MLS, but I don't think it'll happen for a little while. But I just thought that was really interesting because if he ever came to them was that would really shake the league and I be cool. They murdered him. I know yeah, that would that would definitely expand the MLS like brand I guess you'd say but um and I another we'll just recently so Terry honoree is a French soccer like Legend and he's also an Arsenal Legend and he played in them lasts for a little while, but retire A while ago and he's a coach at Montreal and they recently just signed a player from Tottenham which was big because he he was like a relevant player in England and they signed him because he really wanted to play for territory. And so I think having like big names in like like coaching positions or like ownership positions. It's gonna drop players over so like yeah, like Neymar saying you want to play for David Beckham and but another interesting one is his name is Edis Edinson. Bhavani, he's a big wine or you're going International and he plays a parish st. Paris Saint-Germain right now. So the team in Paris, he plays with Neymar and Bob and all that but he's he's kind of getting up there in age, but there's a lot of strong cases to him coming to enter Miami like this year maybe when his because his contract runs out soon, and they paris's just they're overflowing with forwards and you know, If they could get rid of an older one that you know, made up my cost whatever they might do that. And so a lot of people think is going to come to Miami and I think they're he's going to come pretty soon. Like maybe the summer that makes a lot of sense for the MLS to like, I know they're expanding a lot and going into markets that are more like Allah in Miami. There are more attractive to to International people. So I think that's smart for that molest to do. Yeah for sure. All right. We're going to take a short break. We're going to come back and we are gonna Going to go through our free agency predictions because this could be as you guys are going to see with the names and the teams that we have picked out. This could be a little wild free agency. So we're going to come back and when give up ready to see pics, all right, we are back. We are actually going to do the few interview first. So we are yeah here is Theo Millis Boise State basketball manager, welcome back everybody. We are joined today. By one of my good friends. We met here in Boise. And his name is Theo Mill what Mill has smell? It's from North Canton, Ohio. Yo, what's going on man? What's up? What's up? Great day to be here. Yes, sir. Sophia me met last year when I was a basketball manager for Boise State semester. He has been doing it for two full seasons now. You folks like this. That's right. / yeah, that's right season just ended. Wow guess not really. I'm not really here. Yeah, it might be over by the time this podcast so North Canton, Ohio. Um, I've actually been taken. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I told you that I went to Canton is what summer of 2016 August 1 know someone who wasn't that - it was July so we drove from my A girl from Seattle to Cooperstown to the Baseball Hall of Fame bang and we stopped a night in can then we went to the football fans crazy. So do you have you been yeah, so like a lot of like misconceptions like everywhere I go. I mean definitely here especially everyone's like, oh my gosh, you're from can that's where the Hall of Fame is like, it's not that amazing. Like people like live in Canton. They don't really think much of the whole thing is the museum you go there once you can't really go there again, but every year it's like The Hall of Fame week and that's when everything is especially start to come back to all legends come in town. And that's when all the revenue gets in there starting to rebuild it. There's gonna be like a huge amusement park there. Now, there's a bunch of what is it called Revenant? I don't know. Whatever you get there. Don't watch crap there. It's gonna be awesome. I can't wait. I probably when I go back in a couple weeks and we completely different I should be home in a while. So I'm excited for that. Yeah, my one of my favorite players Randy Moss. Just got in last year that was exciting. That's right. Yeah. So do you go to like all thing weekend? So the eye my mom used to get like these tickets to the event. So like the gold jacket dinner, whatever it is. I can go to that or when trying to dinner that's what it's called and they sort of liked I never actually went because I wasn't really that interested in you know, I should probably went but yeah, Randy Moss definitely favorite players. I was excited when he got into came to Canton that's dope. You know, that's the oh, yeah. I yeah, I like the Football Hall of Fame school. I thought the Baseball Hall of Fame was I mean we went when Ken Griffey Junior inducted like my was like, yeah, the reason why we went and I think Baseball Hall of Fame is just like more like this. It's higher status. I can't I can't compare and contrast because I know that yeah, we're like, yeah, I don't last time I actually pay to go in the museum. I was in like second grade. Like I never actually been in for a while. Okay. So yeah, like you said, it's not like I know I know a lot of my friends have jobs that are $1 Fame like internships and stuff. So There's a lot a lot a lot to do there. That's cool. So what from North Korean what made you choose Boise how John the pageant up here? Well, I always wanted to be different like a lot of my school. Everyone goes to Akron or ten state and we're growing up. I was a huge fan. I don't want to be a Cavs fan. Yes. Everyone else is a casting. I was still a Cavs fan, but the heater my number one, too. I used to be a Patriots fan as I'm like everyone else is a Steelers fan. I want to be a Patriots fan. So I always wanted to be different I different teams. I'm a Michigan fan from Ohio. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So how would I want to do something different? I have family out here in Boise cousins up living near Table Rock and I thought it was a good opportunity coming. I wouldn't go somewhere random. I didn't have family a lot of my Michigan family comes to see they're my cousins. Like I'm around them all the time. So it's just I mean I still have family here. So that's what made me choose. I don't want to be different for sure. That's about it. Alright, I respective. Yeah, cool. So basketball manager where I got I mean I was obviously A manager once but how like what made you want to be a manager? How did you get the manager like how that all comes off? I want to ask you. How did you become a manager? How did you what made you what's just you see first and like I saw a flyer doesn't building it was like yeah boys. So what after you saw that what would I emailed the guy but why did you want to do it though? Um, I honestly thought it'd be cool. And I told my buddies I remember like before I left for school. I was like man being the guy that just wipes down the floor at the bottom of him like that be dope. Yeah. So this was that was basically what we do. Yeah, and we do a lot more obviously a practice and stuff. But yeah, that was so with my story. It's exact same I was in the Kinesiology building freshman year. I was I hated Boise like no friends. I didn't know what I was doing. Like I just want to class and play video games then. As I'm walking out of here Jean. It's like email Chris gold and send your resume and stuff and I did I didn't get a response for like a week. But like I wanted to be involved in something. That's that's something I would love to be involved. I love basketball is my favorite sport and I just sent that in I got because I want to be more involved. Yeah, and I got with the basketball team and it's been awesome for sure. Sure. So can you tell us a little bit? I mean, I've told a lot of people that will do but can you just a quick recap? Yeah. Basically it's like all the dirty work like it. It's sometimes it's not the best but you know, like wiping out sweat you have stay late pick up the food. You have to be the first to practice set up rebound for everyone like some It's a Grind but definitely gonna look back and be like dang. That was awesome. When I whenever I'm said and done with you, you know, they should be sure for sure. What's your favorite like game? What was your favorite game that you've been see? What's your favorite memory from being a manager? That's might be two different things. But yeah memory. I just think. Looking back at it now Phil Beckner. He was insane and crazy and he that is something I'll never forget it like he's on a different level. Like I'm still scared him this way. He came back and said back. I'm still scared of him. He's crazy. He's not going to yell at me now, but like she's funny. But my favorite game is definitely the Oregon game and that Utah State game. So Utah State game this year and my freshman Oregon game where life's hit the game-winner from half court. That was a really good year. But yeah, we had that he also get to Like game-tying or game-winning buckets against GCU to use. Yeah. That's that that's that. Those are fun. I was at the Nevada game. I miss year last year last year about it. Oh, yeah, and I think we lost by like to that was another hit. I can't even when they had a game-winner. That was we should have won that game. Yeah. I had was the bad Martin brother hit the game-winner. Yeah, exactly. So I think one of my I mean obviously I was only a manager for a little bit. I think one of my favorite things is like The relationship you make with the players. Yeah, I like that thin for sure. I mean obviously you have a much deeper. But I mean, I was only major for a couple months and like I saw whack at church the other day. Yeah, he's like gives me a big guy. He's like, what's up? Yeah, well act like that's so dope. Yeah, I'm like Chris. I don't know if you remember Chris saying father when he was here in the summer. He asked me once a week to wake up at 5 a.m. And go to Big City breakfast with them. Yeah, they just love you and it's awesome. It's very experienced. I miss I miss cam and Zach. Hey nice shot. Yeah and can Yeah, man. I was one of like the saddest he like transferred when we were like I was home for Christmas break. I'm really gonna text him and I was like heartbroken and now we always play for night with him. Yeah, that's how I found out you told me over for night. I was like dang that sucks. He's one of my favorite players. Me too. I love ya. So what's I mean is there is there a job that you want from because I'm obviously this looks great on a resume. Yeah, is there you know something in after college that you want or like what yeah is the so I was I'm strong like a lot of time like a picture of this sorcerer as of right now. I want to get a job in business but sports-related. I honestly I told my dad this the other day, I I hate business classes are so boring. But like I would hate any class, you know, I'm see ya hate all classes. But if you get me in a subject that I like. Yep, like you get me in like to EA. Yep, because I love video games. I love business. Yeah pot in the we can talk about what cards are put in Madness. I like that or how we can how I can Market the game. Yeah, I would love that or do some sports related to looking for another team, but I can't I don't really know if I want to be a coach because the grind to get to the top as well. You don't get paid until you are at the top. Yeah, so I don't know if I have the time and patience to do that because I've gotten paid my whole life and I don't get it feel. I don't know even know the feeling of getting paid is like so I need for sure. No, I'm actually get my get my words. What is your boy Marshawn Lynch? Say yeah get his chick. Yeah. No, I mean I feel like that's the same way with me. I'm we're both business majors and you're a year ahead of me. But yeah, I mean business classes in any classes is kind of boring but like yeah, if I get into something like I can talk about like sports. Yeah, and I'm passionate about like sports. I wouldn't mind doing like the marketing and like the market research and I was something I'm like past about fast. Yeah. Yeah, so that's that's something cool. I think we go. Yeah, kind of a grand you mentioned. You're a Browns fan. Yeah. I just I just want to know how hard your life has been as a brand spent like like the past few years. I don't know man. Like what's your yeah. So this year obviously was the biggest expectations. Everyone was saying oh Super Bowl and did you have did you have this expertise? Yes. I know you did absolutely day. Okay, if you look at the year before yeah, I don't know their exact right? I forgot to look it up whenever we fired. Hugh Jackson and we hide and Greg Williams with interim head coach. We had a really good record. We were playing Really Good beat and good teams. You can't tell me gaining O'Dell. Yeah would make us be worse know for sure for saying aye I think the problem was definitely the o-line because you're trying to do all this fancy stuff down field without Elder forcing it early in the year with Jarvis and Odell but Baker was looking over his left shoulder as left tackle, but there was that come from the right right side both of their tackles and hola. Just awful sore. So unfortunately that we were one of the worst teams in penalties penalties, right? Yeah, and I know how the Seahawks are notorious for like being in pain and it's whore this year. We beat some good teams. We clap The Raven Clap The Reason. Yeah, that's right. We were close to you guys and you guys are really good team. Yeah. Bill's beat the bills. Yeah, then you go and you lose to the Cardinals that will now I was going to say after another and they lose the Broncos they lose who I mean that dangles. Ingles that's right. Yeah. That's why I think they literally quit against the Cardinals and that that makes me irate like oh I bet that's when that's when I knew Freddy was gone because if you see your team quit like they don't believe in the process and anything so I knew right then and I knew when they hired Freddie which I'm being honest, I was a fan of because you did such a good year, but now I learned from it if I looked if I look back on it now. It ain't broke. Don't fix it. We should hire Greg Williams sure and Freddie couldn't stay the oh coordinator if we could have kept him kept it like that we so when we hired Freddie, obviously when you don't have a lot of NFL experience what she does but not head coaching. You have to get another guy. So we got Steve Wilkes from the Cardinals BRD coordinator and I'm like, all right. This is gonna be this will work out pretty well and they couldn't get our defense to work out at all. Another thing like their team. Your team was kind of divided. Yeah the like you had this offense of group and the Defensive group and it was like two guys that like we're ready and Steve like work at the end. I a junior football team that I was on was like really similar to that and it just doesn't work. Yeah, it doesn't work out. And another thing. I know you're going to ask me about it is free and seeing the draft. So I'm going to start talking about it. Now. That's what I want to know. We're going to lose a lot of guys on defense and straight more holes and the Browns are not willing to page of schober, which I'm I'm not happy about because that's just can create more holes of it Phil. Yeah being in Evelyn no one wants to play there. I'm just being honest if you want to pay someone 15 million in Cleveland, but someone in Green Bay once paid 15 million, you're gonna Greenback. Yeah. So if you have a guy and he's doing well, he's almost leading the league in tackles every year his he's been our top two defensive player for the past three years with him and Miles Garrett. Yeah, why don't you pay him like getting what he wants like we have to fill all these positions now, we're going to lose our middle linebacker. We're going to lose damarious Randall. We're going to lose some Corners like yeah. Our whole defense was already bad enough last year. We can't afford to lose one of my Most guys and they're letting him walk. You don't think okay. That's interesting. So yeah, I obviously do you think I haven't been looking too much about the Browns like in mock drafts or anything, but we're right tackle left tackle. Where do you pick dunno ten ten? Is that it you have pain in 41. Yeah. Wow, you don't have another I thought you guys for some reason to first-rounders. I know did the Raiders have like two or three the Dolphins I think have two or three you guys have one at 10:00 or because you're talking about the cool math trade and the The yeah-hoo-hoo Dolphins trade. I don't know. I think they pick somewhere in the teens though. I'm pretty sure they pick twice. Yeah, but we're definitely going online because that's another thing I believe in Baker like he had a really bad year, but we all saw higher Baker. I'm on a secret Pro Baker. Yeah and the his first year, we all saw what he can do. I just think the o-line was so bad. He had a peek over shoulder and then there's a guy coming from the other way and then he couldn't even look down the field because he doesn't trust his own line and I messed up his mechanics. Yeah up from there. It's just exactly yeah. So what? Do I mean have you been looking at any? Yeah, like any prospects online. I was listening to some podcast and they were saying I don't know freaked out I was but I'm not yeah, I didn't say who I was and they were saying the sky from Aldo. I don't dare ya this off season would be boring. It's going to be really all defense and it's gonna be all over line. We already have what we already have all of our pieces can't Nick Chubb? Yeah, for sure. Yeah, Jarvis and Odell like there's nothing exciting. That's gonna no no and it can't because it's not it's going to be the Dirty Work towline and the defense for sure and your guys's I don't think your divisions going to be too tough. I don't think I mean the Ravens are good. I said that last year and that we still split with the Steelers and we split with the Bangles and we split with the raven like yeah, I can see that pretty look at the Ravens letting with the Raves. All right, but the Bangles unacceptable now we lost to the Steelers with a third-string quarterback know exactly and well we almost lost those Sailors took the Steelers are going to be out there one of those teams. I know they are bringing was going to do. Yeah, I know Brandon my roommate. He's the big Niners fan. He'll probably disagree that. He thinks Shanahan should be the should have been coach of the year, but I thought Tom was made a really good case or you know, I hate my Tomlin but that's fine. Yeah, he I respect him a lot for sure. I almost had him to uh, yeah, but he I mean what he did with that team because that team was in the dark. Oh my God, they lose Bell Brown Roethlisberger and masonry. Yeah. Yeah, I mean respect huge respect. Yeah that team even though we both hate them. Yeah still have to respect out um, because the last thing Fortnight so we both that's kind of how I mean Theo is for everyone like obviously when we were managers like we got along just because we like sports and stuff. We we can talk obviously like what we're doing right now, we could talk forever about sports and I co but Fortnight was another thing that we bonded over really quickly. We still play for tonight all the time to stay. Just got a double yesterday. We did just get yeah, that's right. I guess my so I've had a like a lot of mixed feelings about for tonight just like we talked about on this podcast. The first episode was right before a season 2 came out her what chapter to see ya what are your kind of thoughts on just the direction for tonight is in Direction. They're heading like so a lot of people say the game is dying which yes it is. And I know why it is the game isn't the same as it was when like two years ago people were missing shots. And Builder the sky and two seconds. It's a different game. Now that makes sense. Yeah, so they're losing because like I hopped on and now that I switch on your PC, which I'll talk about eventually. Yeah. I was playing against like I was in the lobby with like not T through but teeth through level players like bro. I'm not that good. I can't be I'm not this isn't fun. If I'm just going to get clap every yeah exactly. Sure. That's the problem with the game is a skill based matchmaking. I feel like no I don't know because that's going to that. That right there helps grab the new players and visit you just hop on a game you're playing this bunch of bots. But if it wasn't, I don't know. It's a tough subject talk about and I know a lot of Pros are talking about it. But I in my opinion, this is one of the best seasons in season eight. What do you think sir? I this has been so much more fun to me than the first season was we talked about for me one of the best things I like about it is the weapons. You think that there's a lot more weapons and to me that's more fun facts. I don't like just having the same boring load. Every single time and we saw our last last week there was an update which they haven't done. Yeah all last season but new weapons Claymores or whatever in the game, which is exciting. Yeah. I find that more fun. I just that's for me and like you're saying the games dying everyone. That's what everyone says isn't obviously it's gonna die. This game was the most popular game. Honestly, you never I've never seen more people like 30 million dollar prize pool one tournament exactly. That's insane. And then just the amount of players that they have playing in the amount of life. Princes pop like my parents knew what the journalist and they didn't know anything about so even though the game's dying it still hasn't like top three viewership on Twitch. Yeah, all the time viewership on YouTube is through the roof millions of years. It's still doing good. It's one of the most popular games still to this day. It was in the decline was inevitable if you think yeah, if you think of a another game like peoples like, oh, I can't wait for a new game to come out. Yeah one. When is the last time we had a game like that? Yeah, like Minecraft like this game is going to be around for Minecraft still relevant to this day. So for now I'll be That from five years from now, I agree push and I also want to talk about ancestors. I hate I hate people that broke keyboard mouse have 80 keys to hit ya if we just have a little so you guys can edit and build quicker. So it's not like you hear us controller players in oh my gosh, he's on he's on keyboard. So I can't shoot him because he's acting too fast. Like we don't say that but whenever they get hit by two shots with a a are they get mad. Oh, he's on controller. Yeah. Well, I actually saw this funny clip of men. Shaheed ideas. Oh my gosh guys, like controller. Oh my gosh. Yeah. So it ends up on Twitter. This guy post a video of him just lazing around the house and keyboard. It's hilarious. And then Booga the other died. Yeah, that's noped. Yeah sounds he flew with 50 health and he's like, oh my gosh guys. I can try. That's that's your to shot. Like I think anyone could hit you bro. Like it's so annoying when people criticize controller players so much but I respect him a lot. It takes a lot of skill to do. I think that's always talk to you about Nick mercs, but yeah, I love Nick Monroe he talks about All the time he defends controllers and I love that after. All right, man. Thanks for doing this job is thanks for having me. I was I was I've been been wanting to get you on and so hopefully we can maybe at the Browns make a big move or something may happen all for nothing. Oh, come on again. Yeah. Sure man. This is this was a pleasure. Yeah. Alright, we are back. Get a break for some relief feeling of stuff not going to say what or who but we're back but we're back. All right free agency NFL begins not this Wednesday next Wednesday, March 18th at 4 p.m. Eastern and that is when we expect all hell will break loose really, I mean that may be on that day, but like seriously It's free agency and NFL could be the wow this free agency we have ever seen but it also could be the most boring free agency we've ever seen it could be a true domino effect or it could literally be everybody just goes back to where yeah. Yeah, which we're hoping. It's not that because it would really give us stuff to talk about if a bunch of people changed. Yeah. It's basically I really think the Domino the big big domino in this is Tom Brady Tom Brady. It's wherever Brady goes is why? Wherever I mean that's going to dictate so much if he goes back to the Patriots, it seems like that's where that's then. Everyone's just going to be like, alright. Well, there's no real need to change but man if he goes someplace then you're going to see a bunch of other free agents get signed and you're going to see guys get drafted different places. The draft board is going to be I mean everything could get shocking off and I'm just I'm ready. I really want Brady Brady to go somewhere else because I really just think it'd be interesting. I want to see the Brady Bill attract thing because I want to see you succeed without one of them and I feel like yeah, I mean we got some prediction then we'll give a reasons why so yeah. So yeah, what we're going to do is we're just going to go through we picked about 9 or 10, I think big free agents. There's obviously more free agents in this but we really just wanted to pick guys that we had an idea of where they're going and we're just going to give our predictions. We're going to go through we're going to talk about kind of why we predicted we tried to pick different. Ones for each just so we can give something to talk about because there's a million that like that's the interesting thing about. This is the Domino's could fall in any different directions. That's the quarterbacks because I mean this leak could be shaken up after one day. Yeah, because I mean if you get Stephen three these guys go to different places and that means those three quarterback from that team have to go somewhere. So it's going to be interesting. So we're going to start with Tom Brady. Brandon do you want to start us off as a Tom Brady? Where do you think Tom Brady's gonna go? You know and I think I think in the back of everybody's mind and I'll go back to the Patriots. But you know, I feel like a perfect set for him would be the Tennessee Titans. I feel like I mean they kind of had a game manager already and Ryan Tannehill and I feel like Brady's on that stage was career where he knows what he can do, but he's not going to get the ball away and I do the Titans. That's perfect. Because I mean look at look at their playoff run this year. I mean you put the ball on Derrick Henry hands all these times and then and then Ryan 10 Got to make a couple of throws and I mean, sometimes he just wasn't there, you know, and I think if you ask Tom Brady to make ten throws he can do it. So I feel like if the Patriots can't get weapons and I think I think that's one of the deciding factor here is that the Patriots can acquire weapons, then he will go back because I feel like he doesn't have any need reason like big reason to like go away from Patriots. But if they can't get weapons, I think that Mike Vrabel and humor teammates before and I feel like it's just I feel like it's a perfect fit for him and I feel like he's got a couple guys are they got a pair of tight ends and Jonas Myth and Delanie Walker they can work with and I feel like their wide receivers are up and coming like I feel like he's got a lot of weapons that he could work with and also you can hand the ball off to Derrick Henry as many times as he wants as well, but hmm, they got some other stuff to worry about to so but that's the Titan Tennessee Titans would be my prediction Eli. Um, my prediction was that he says that the Patriots were just kind of boring but um and one like I agree with the thing brand said, like if they get weapons, I think I would have that's a big kind of second Factor. But I think he kind of wants to do this to like let people know. Hey, I could have gone somewhere else if I wanted to but like I said, I just are the Patriots and but yeah, I think he's going to say the Patriots, but honestly, I would kind of like to see him go somewhere else just because that would just be so crazy to see and yeah, I think that would definitely stir stir things up. I feel like for the Patriots. I'm in look at their coaching staff. I mean, they're regardest probably the top coach of all time and it but they can't Draft wide receivers like it's that like that. The amount of young wide receivers that he has to deal with like he's at the age where he doesn't have time for that. Like he doesn't have time to build chemistry over here. So these guys like he wants to win now he wants to put more championships under his belt and I feel like he where he's going to go where he thinks he can do the best. Yeah. I agree my prediction. This is this is kind of like this team is not rumored. You got a lot of rumors about the Chargers in the Writ and the Raiders. I really think those teams are not ready to win now and I think Brady wants has to win now. That's the only I really like the destinations for the Chargers and the Raiders I think Vegas and lar to places that Brady would have settled it. He would Excel there. I just don't think those teams are ready and he's not he doesn't have 10 years left. He's got two or three. I don't think those teams are ready to win the team. I do think is a good quarterback away from winning is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. This is a team that's not rumored. This is kind of what they're called The Sleeping Giant, but they've got a good offensive line. It's not great, but it's good. They probably got the two best tandem wide receivers in the league Mike Evans. And Chris. Coghlan is not much better. Those two are studs Even though, three and four of the back. Yeah. They've got a really good young tight end. OJ Howard is stud. He just he has the ball. Yes uncle and they've got some good running backs. They've got a couple of guys that are not bad in the backfield. They've got a very I think the head coach I think Bruce Arians, it would be a really cool fit for Brady Bruce are Ian's is this guy that's like he's just an offensive genius. He's got these really imaginative and I think that's what Brady wants but he wants to I mean he just I think it'd be really I think I'd be a fun team. I think obviously the the Buccaneers are probably there's a lot of they think they're probably going to re-sign Jamis but Jameson Brady are Polar Opposites on the quarterback sack you look at their season last year. I mean I think about if they didn't have 30 interception. Yeah, like that's it. Dismantle some of the best team in the NFL and it's like they have so many weapons. I mean, they the cycle here from last year. They the sleeping giant is the perfect thing because I mean they could literally blow this this holy Place apart. Like they have a lot of talent and I think their quarterback away, I'd keep keep your eyes out for the Buccaneers. That's my official tombery prediction. Um next up going off my Buccaneers pick Jameis Winston, probably the most controversial quarterback honestly of all time, maybe this guy number One pick Heisman Trophy winner leads the NFL in yard passing last year but has 30 interceptions. This is insane. I think seven pick sixes. I mean, it's ridiculous you talk about killing a team. I mean and then he goes on all these different reasons why you know, like he's got a knee problem at all. So that's that he goes and gets eye surgery. Like it's I mean, it's a man it he he was so good for them to like he I mean he had to do the top wide receivers in the league like but three interceptions just going to kill your tea and you can't win is cannot win with it was either contract year yeah so he's a free agent my prediction is the Chargers the Chargers are getting rid of Phillip Rivers they've already said that I think there's different plate I think there's a lot of different places that could use him in different ways in interesting ways I do like though the charges I like their weapons with Eckler who's receiving back that is a good safe option for him to go to that it's not like downfield I like Hunter Henry just got re-signed that's another save option as a tight end he's pretty good with brain especially in the Red Zone yeah when they go to write them and they've got I really like King now and like as a deep throat I think he's reliable the and jameise wants to go down the field so I think that's a good fit for him I also got Mike Williams I mean I think a lot of things exactly so I think and and they don't they have a quarterback that's used to their they're not Philip Rivers has thrown the most interceptions over the past like He was 7 years for sure. He was second famous. Yes. So it's like they are they know what it's like to have a quarterback throws interceptions. I don't think this is would be something to different for them. So my James Winson prediction is and chargers. Brandon I'll go I'm gonna go a little bit of the Dark Horse back here and I'm going to say the Raiders and I think the Raiders are in a spot where I mean, they're moving to a new city. I mean, I think they're tired of the same thing over again. I mean, I don't think Derek Carr is about of quarterback. I think he's safe. I think he makes he I mean he makes safe the rose, you know that feel like for the future. I just don't think he's the answer and I think I think grew and looks at his situation. He said I need to fire on the ieave Grooms of fiery guy that he says I need a little spark and I think Jamis Then selling them all over the place might be his answer and but they they need to do a lot more if they want to like leave Jamis comes back. Then you had wide receiver death because I mean that's where they're hurt and Big Time right now and they got a great young back. They had Go off into line, but I mean they got some wide receivers to but I think James could excel in that in that program and I think that him and junk room together could be a very fun Tan on the watch. I totally agree. I think the Raiders are not an explosive offense in Jamis would make them explosive especially if they go after Jerry Judy may be in the draft. No. No, we got it. I got to be publishing 12800. So Eli Jameis Winston I said Carolina. Yeah. Um and I was I was reading up a little bit on this that I didn't have to too much about Jameis Winston, but Carolina made a lot of sense because Christian McCaffrey yo, obviously so he like you're seeing with Equity Mikey be a good like a, you know, an easy dumped or once in a while a hundred seconds a year. Yeah, he's different and you know when teams are going against Carolina, obviously, I think the first thing I think about Like how do we stop Christian McCaffrey? And so if they're worried so much about the rushing like it kind of opens up that I don't like the Deep pass that Winston like stuff sure. I like the toss and so so I thought yeah, I thought that made it made good sense. I think they got some young are deceivers to that. He could work with Taylor. You got DJ more had a great year last year. So that'd be interesting. I like that big. The next guy we're going to go to is Philip Rivers. Now. This is one of the only guys in this list that's actually a confirmed free agent. We know he's not going back to the Chargers Eli. Why don't you start with Philip Rivers? This is you I asked me for a lot of advice because no ton about Philip Rivers and you know, what did I tell you? He's got 26 kids. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I once once I learned a little bit more before Brothers, I think he's probably just gonna retire. Yeah. I mean, he's 38 Which I mean Brady's what 41 for it's like people can't do it. But he has nine kids. Yeah, that's insane like having that's just nine kids is already a lot to juggle like a professional career and then a family but if your professional career is playing in the NFL like that, that's just he's dogging the lot there and I honestly I think it might just be easy for him to yeah, and there's a lot of announcing jobs open. A lot of people think Philip would be did in the booth. It's only once a week job. I don't know. Yeah that bitch. I mean the more I look at his situation. I don't mean I never even considered retirement. But the more I wasn't like that pain to say that might be my pick to but if I had to choose somewhere he would go I'm gonna Dark Horse. I'm gonna go to Redskins and I think the Redskins are in a popular spot where they just got a new coach new defensive coordinator knew everything. I mean the brane pretty much brand new team in the office part and they got a Young quarterback and I mean we saw last year that Dwayne That was just not ready. I mean, he was very apparent that he was put in a situation where he had no idea what he was doing and I think you bring in a veteran veteran presence like like Philip Rivers. I mean you could he could definitely teach them up a little bit but this all depends on Alex and his health because if you guys don't know about happened he pretty much broke his leg in half and got tackled well and he's been in recover. My he almost lost his leg terrible situation. But if he comes back obviously he would be the veteran presence. But if for some reason I was Smith couldn't couldn't make it back. I think I think Philip Rivers might be interesting spot for the Redskins. And he probably I mean Philip Rivers is going to have to go for a teen friendly deal here. And I feel like the Redskins are a team that could afford that right now. So I think it's a good pick. My pick for Philip Rivers is the Colts. This is probably if you look in the media the team that everyone really predicts Philip Rivers to go to I don't really Philip Rivers is such an interesting one. There's because he's like There's just not a ton of like he's not a quarterback that's in high demand like not a great. He's old teams. Got to have a back-up plan. Yeah take him. So yeah, um, you know, they've the Colts have a really good offensive line, which I think is something that Philip Rivers wants but God together too. So and I think that I think the the biggest thing for Philip Rivers would be like, I think the Colts want to have a guy that's going to push for set because I think they think percent is going to be there guy. And they want to have a guy that's going to be like a veteran guy that they can bring in that's going to push for set a guy that knows football and I think this would either it would tell the Colts. Hey Bruce, that's our guy. Let's go with percent Phillips on a two-year deal. Whatever. It's mine or Philip Rivers is better than percent. We need to start addressing a new court. Yeah, and I think that's something that a lot of people don't know about Philip Rivers is that this dude's a gamer. I mean the bottom line is he doesn't care about his stats. Like he's like he's talked about like the interceptions like He says that comes with me trying to win games, like a lot of the time the charges were behind this year and he is just slinging the law. But what you're going to give him full of rivers, you're going to get a guy that's going to do whatever he can to win. And I think that a lot of teams need that right now and I hope that pushes. I hope that makes the Colts either push for Brissette or realize perhaps not our guy. Let's go get someone that because they they're a good team. Very talented another. Yeah. There's a lot of talent heavy chains, right? Our next guy. This is the only one that we all had a consensus on and it's Dak. We all think he's going to get tagged by the Cowboys. Yeah, not much to say there. I mean they just a bummer because it is really think he's worth the more I look at him the more I think this guy's worth and their deal and they're trying I mean that I need a lot latest offers around high 30s, but 30 million, but yeah, there's just a tough situation. I'm back should wait for the new CBA I think so too, but and maybe even from a homes obviously he's not going to get as much but if my home's goes for now. I think he should wait for my home's he can benefit from that if Mahomes goes 40 million that could easily get 35 so dachshund interesting one. I think I'm it. It would be crazy if doc doesn't get re-signed but no, it'd be crazy. And in the problem is he's in a tough spot because the Cowboys got to pay a lot of people and I think that I think that we're going to be shocked by how many people they have to let walk because they just I mean they're paying people all over the place and they didn't I mean at some point Jerry Jones Pockets got to be empty and speaking of that Mark Cooper is a free agent mean like I had similar one so we'll start and then we'll get to Brandon's we think mean Eli both said Cowboys have - days I think if DAC which who most likely will he stays Brandon you said so the way I looked at the situation is I think that they spend money on Dak and then I just I don't see where there where the rest of this money going to come from so I got a Mari making a reunions with the Raiders and I feel like the Raiders needed a wide receiver they need someone that can come and then I mean yeah they've already had them and I mean the time there wasn't the best but I mean I feel like he's grown as wide receiver and I think that I think that they look at the draft and they see that they can get higher value at their spot and another position they might need and then they go out and sign them are like they got the money for that I mean yeah I mean Antonio Browns money still sitting there so I don't larious though if they would if they would resign yeah I'm re it come full circle and be interesting I mean what they paired with a different quarterback and maybe it'd be that that would be their pitches like it ain't Same thing over because I mean we got a new quarterback coming. So because I know Mari wasn't really happy with car. Yeah. Yeah exactly. That was a weird and then nice that group and have fun with so it'd be a whole different situation for him to come back. So next one Jadeveon Clowney. This is kind of for me. It's an interesting subject as a Seahawks fan. Brandon though won't you start? What is your prediction for today? Yeah. So my prediction is I don't have I don't have one team. I think whoever shows him. The bank comes says here you go. How much do you want? I think he's gonna go I think the he's money hungry right now, which I mean good for him. I mean, he's he's put himself in a position where he can be that and I think like right now he's a little rumors out there. He wants to go the Giants but I just yeah, whoever offers the most money so that he can say whatever he wants but whoever gives him that contract. I he's going to go so Eli, Yeah, I said the Giants. I was just reading up a little bit on it and they you know, people are saying they're going to want to increase their past past Washington, but they also I think clown if I remember correctly. I think Clowney said he even like would want volume that giant. Yeah and they it sounds like they'd be willing to pay but a decent amount of money to get something like lowney the there's going to be a team out there that looks at him and has a price number on him and there may be something to it might be lower but He's a good player. He is. I mean his sack numbers weren't too high last year, but he's a decent the prisons for ya. And I think as a Seahawks fan, I don't know I would I would be mad at the Seahawks if we re signed him for how much he wants and I don't think he's worth personally 20 million as a Seahawks fan. We don't have the cap to pay him that he was a presence last year, but really only in a few games and he just we as a Seahawks as the CEO as a Seahawks fan as the Seahawks organization. Needs pass rush we need to get after the quarterback and that's something that Clowney while he's very very good at stopping the Run. He's not a great pass rusher and we need to go we need to spend our money on guy that's going to get after the quarterback. And so if we can get Connie maybe on a cheaper deal, which I don't think you will I would be happy if you want he wants he can see saying like Cleo Mac. Yeah, like 21 million dollars and I'll show you but as a Niners fan I look at if this that the Seahawks signed him for that. Money that's almost like that's a win for us. Like is what you would look at the Rams did with golf and girly like that means my it might tear apart their team was a dynasty. So yeah, I've been yeah it yeah, I just don't think he'd like is worth it. Yeah, I I would I'm saying the Colts were Clowny. I've The Cult of atomic app room. So that's why I think that if they're going to make a run at it. Connie would be a good guy to go to Tannehill. This is another one. It's really kind of this is a domino effect. This is this is another piece in The Brady puzzle. If Brady goes to the Titans, there's a lot of places that could use Tannehill. I personally think the Titans are going to tag Tannehill that kind of goes with my Brady prediction of now going to the Titans. I think Eli also agreed with me. Yeah, I think Brandon's wife either way, but I think Brennan sisters and also makes a lot of sense to so Brandon predicted. This is this is kind of what we're trying to when we did our predictions. We were trying to like okay if this guy goes this way, Way, where do we think? So our predictions are all going to be different Brandon as a reminder picked ready to go the Titans. So Brandon, what do you think's going to happen with him now? Yep. So with Brady go to the Titans. I had Tannehill going to Chicago and I look at animals a quarterback. That's not going to cost them a lot. Like I don't think he's gonna demand a big deal and I feel like for them it would spark it would spark something in the middle term Biscay and I feel like the I feel like Chicago's a quarterback that can make throws away from being a really good team because I mean he they got weapons everywhere their defense is fantastic. like yeah like Chicago is a gold mine they really is but year and year out we see middle term is he can't make the rose and I think the bottom line is they need a guy that did what Montana had did for the Titans during the playoffs last year I mean he can make the throws when you need them and he doesn't have to make a lot of them and I feel like that like him then bringing rental hand is a win-win situation for them because either they they get out of their whole situation with their fan base with Mitchell term Biscay and everything or its spark something under Mitchell to Biscay and he starts making plays and starts being like quarterback that they drafted him at number two spot that he is like I think that it's a win-win situation for Chicago and it's just it's just the matter of fact is can they get the money for it because I mean having two quarterbacks that are okay on the roster like shouldn't kill you but I think it'd be interesting I think it would it would it would do a lot for the Chicago fan base I think if they brought something in someone in that can test him and going off of that quick thing might take I think Chicago should go after Andy Dalton and I don't like that too I like that to my my my redhead boy So that's that's my I agree with you. I try second that to I think I think Chicago Perry needs met someone and I just chose Ryan Panos really should be really quick. Byron Jones is not a ton to talk about. He's probably the top corner back on the market. I think the Seahawks should go after him. We need a cornerback Brandon. I chose the Eagles just because the Eagles play the Cowboys twice a year and they seen what you can do and I think the eagles need help in the secondary Eli said I said Raiders, I didn't know too much about Byron Jones. So I do have a little bit of research and it sounded like the Raiders needed. There's a lot of teams any secondary Halpern especially Corner Spot. I mean, yeah, there's um, highly demanded next guy. We only have two more. Sorry. We're trying to get this little quicker Antonio Brown if it is able to come back. I think he is going wherever really goes. There's a lot of rumors that Brady texted Antonio Brown said, hey work on your game. Stay clean because you're going where I'm going. So that's my prediction where we're ready goes unless it's probably the Patriots. I don't think the Patriots take a chance on him Brady go somewhere. I think Antonio Brown following. Yep, and I like that prediction as well. But I'm going to go with the Steelers reunions because I think he's gonna go back to the one place that can hold him down. Yeah, so Eli I was I just saw this is interesting. Yeah. I honestly I don't see him coming back. There was a lot of yeah, that's yeah, I really yeah, but if he did I just put on dolphins because I think it'd be so funny if it wasn't. Yeah, if you just really want to play that if L and if there was I don't know if it would be the Dolphins but if there was only one team that was like hey, we'll pay our like is he going to say now? Yeah exactly Dolphins would be so I just had this put down Dolphins, but it's more like the idea where I don't very many people would take them and so like yeah, he might not have a lot of choice if Brady's replacement if he leaves is our last one. So this is if Brady leaves we're who's going to replace him my prediction is Teddy Bridgewater I think this one is probably the most logical I think the Belichick really tends to like a guy like this like this is kind of Bridgewater is has a ton of NFL experience I think it would be very interesting this doesn't seem like the Saints are very high on keeping them I thought when they got Bridgewater that he was going to be like breezes the same Sky after Breeze left but it seems like now it's taysom Hill for whatever reason I Bridgewater would be a great replacement for Brady if he leaves Eli, this is another one similar to me what you were saying. Your prediction is very similar to mine like yeah reasoning at least. Yeah. I said I said Andy Dalton, um, he so the a lot of a lot of if you didn't call murmurs anymore, but it sounds like Joe burrow is going to go to Cincinnati and any Dalton might be out of a job and I I saw a report that Bill Belichick likes any Dalton's quote untapped potential and vote and I think that'd be interesting because yeah, he could be decent and maybe they just please awesome experience do yeah, and he just might not be in the right team, but I think under Bill Belichick. I think you'll be pretty good. Yeah, and then I'm gonna go with Jimmy Garoppolo and I think this is a little different than my other pics and I just think it's interesting just because of the most Runners don't I just want to bring this to talk about this is yeah. Yeah, and I think it's interesting because There's a lot of rumors going on about this Garoppolo and Brady trade and that they'll Jack bring back. Rob Lowe. Like people said the rumors like that. He wanted to keep grew up on that Brady walk as I think it'd be interesting as a Niners fan. I mean, I mean, I don't like it is what it is. I feel like like we have a backup and Nick Mullens. It has a little bit of time and I actually like the way he plays so getting rid of Garoppolo and be like the end of the world for me and having Brady for a couple years of be cool, but for so it'd be interesting but I won't talk about Auto mention. I'm gonna say to Khloe Bruce at if someone else goes a cult and I think that that's a good Has been that I've been in that situation that system for a while and I think that that he would be a good guy to bring back to them just for a short term. I think the court could totally get Philip Rivers and draft a quarterback. Oh, yeah and have a percent and a half percent for sidewalk. Yeah. So those are official free agency predictions if they are right? We want all the credit if they are wrong. You are not allowed to hold us against them. So that's their our official stance on preseason. NFL free agency prediction that occur right? We're definitely coming back to these. We're going to post it all over Instagram Instagram. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah, that's how it's going to go bachelor talk. We're gonna go this really quickly because we are going a little long but and that's your talk was just the women tell all yeah, and then well there was a little bit right but a little bit we'll talk about beginning. So I mean they got to the Rose ceremony and Madison showed up and I mean, I'm popular opinion, but she did so she showed up and she accepted the rose. So she went against her word and said, Said she wasn't going to accept it, but she did and so we're down to the final two between her and an editorial F. He toils gone earlier. So this makes for a good good good episode coming up Monday and Tuesday two of them finale. So should be good time. Yeah, there's a lot of rumors going around. I've been it's really fun. I love the bachelor Community because I have so many friends that watch it like my brothers and a lot of friends that watch it and everyone sends stuff in group chat group shots go crazy with all these rumors, so So they're under room already met ya ton of rumors going around everyone has their own prediction. But yeah, we're going to find out all of it Monday and Tuesday night. I think they're both two hours. It's going to be crazy. There's going to be lots to talk about next week about it. Yeah, for sure. So also we're going to end we're going to end every segment as we said last week with our must watch event of the week our must watch event of this week the players championship. This is I'm a big golf guy will talk more golf as it comes in season The Players Championship is that p sawgrass a lot of people consider this the fifth major it's kind of like this is a big golf tournament the famous 17th hole I don't know if you guys have ever seen this it's like a over the water it's a really pretty picture it's yeah Players Championship a lot of people you know it's like oh yeah in golf you keep track of your Majors how many majors that's a big deal but people are like oh he's won five majors and a Player's Championship like this is a big one unfortunately Tiger Woods is not playing in it that was big man as you can yesterday which is from I'm a big Pro tiger guy loved is come back last year so it was a bummer to hear him say he says his back is not ready little concerning considering we're about a month away from the Masters I think that's what he's getting ready for but yeah that's what we're hoping I think what is i that's what his eyes are on yeah we're that's what we're going to just tell ourselves as tiger fans also next Sunday is selection Sunday One of my favorite days of the year, but get your breath from that is when our next podcast was going to be we have a guest for sure lined up. My Uncle Tom. That's my middle name Jack Thomas named after Uncle Tom. He's gonna be on we're going to be filling out our brackets when we talking about that. So our next podcast will be next Sunday afternoon night is when we're going to record it and get it out before the brackets were also going to do a bracket challenge all set. It up on ESPN and I'll post it online. You guys are free to join us and we'll do a little contest for listeners of the game chat that'll be fun and yeah thanks for listening guys again I said at the beginning it's this podcast we we love doing it and the reason I mean we're going to keep doing it people listen so tell your friends keep listening because we really appreciate the sport all right we will see you guys have a good weekend no yeah literally quat's Bachelor see you guys next Sunday