Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There'sRussian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.By now, you've probably noticed that there have been diocese is around the United States and in the Western World. Well restricting receiving Holy Communion because of the big risk of illness right now. So that's been of course a source of controversy and you see this all sorts of CatholicMedia Pages all kinds of arguments about this and Bishop athanasius Schneider on the same day that he released the last statement that I put up of has commented on this and I didn't choose at the time to post that one. Well, I'm going to today because of just how important the story as we come. I'm only going to change words in this very slightly because of well issues. I've read gone into lately the so without further Ado Bishop athanasius Schneider or the right of Holy Communion in these times. Nobody can force us to receive the body of Christ in a way that constitutes a risk of the loss of the fragments and a decrease in reverence as is the way of receiving communion in the hand. Although it is true that one could receive communion on a small white and clean handkerchief purification or a small cup Oriole and directly in the mouth this way this way is not always practical and even refused by some priest. In these cases, it is better to make a spiritual communion which fills the soul with special Grace's in times of persecution many Catholics were unable to receive Holy Communion and a sacramental way for a for long periods of time, but they made a spiritual communion with much spiritual benefit communion in the hand is no more hygienic the communion in the mouth and deed. It can be dangerous for contagion from a hygienic point of view. The hand carries a huge amount of bacteria many pathogens are transmitted through the hands. Whether by shaking other people's hands are on frequently touching objects. Such as door handles are handrails and grab bars in public transports germs can pass quickly from hand to hand and with these unhygienic hands and fingers people then often touch their nose and mouth also germs can sometimes survive on the surface of the tubs to object for days according to a 2006 study published in the journal BMC and infectious diseases influenza viruses and similar viruses can persist on inanimate. Such as for example door handles or handrails and handles and transport and public buildings for a few days many people who come to church and then receive Holy Communion in their hands have first touch door handles or handrails and grab bars in public transport or other buildings. Thus viruses are imprinted on the palms and fingers of their hands and then during Holy Mass with these hands and fingers. They are sometimes touching their nose or mouth with these hands and fingers. They touch the consecrated host the suppressing the virus also on the host thus transporting the virus through the host into their mouths communion in the mouth is certainly less dangerous and more hygienic comparative community in the hand. In fact the palm and fingers of the hand without intensely intense watching undeniably contain an accumulation of viruses the ban on communion in the mouth is unfounded compared to the great health risk of communion in the hand in the time of an of these such a band constitutes an abuse of authority furthermore. It seems that some Churches Ortiz are using the situation of an epidemic as a pretext. It seems also that some of them have a kind of cynical joy to spread more and more the process of trivialization and desacralization of the most holy and divine Body of Christ in the Eucharist takes a comment exposing the body of the Lord himself to the real dangers of irreverence loss of fragments and sacrilegious theft of consecrated host. Then there is also the fact that during the church's 2,000 year history. There was no proven cases of contagion due to the recession. ception of holy communion in the Byzantine Church, the priest gives Community to the faithful even with a spoon the same spoon for everyone and then the priest or Deacon drinks the wine and water with which he purify the spoon which was sometimes even touch the tongue of the faithful during the reception of communion many faithful of the Eastern churches are scandalized when they see the lack of faith of Bishops and Priests of the Latin Rite as they introduced the ban on receiving communion in the mouth a band made ultimate lie for lack of faith in Sacred and divine character of the body and blood of the Eucharistic Christ. If the church in our day does not Endeavor again with the utmost Zeal to increase the faith reverence and security measures for the body of Christ all security measures for humans will be in vain if the church in our day will not convert and turn to Christ giving Primacy to Jesus and namely to Eucharistic Jesus. God will show the truth of his word, which says unless the Lord builds the house they labor in vain that build it unless the Lord keep the city he watches and things saying that keeps it see Psalm 126 verses 1 to 2. The following prayer for making a spiritual communion is recommended at thy feet o my Jesus I prostrate myself and I offer Thee the repentance of my contrite heart which is humbled in it nothingness and in thy holy presence, I adore the in the sacrament of die love the ineffable Eucharist. I desire to receive the end of the poor dwelling that my heart offers the while waiting for the happiness of sacramental communion. I wish to possess the in Spirit Come to Me O my Jesus since I for my part, I'm coming to thee Love embrace my whole being in life and death. I believe in thee. I hope in the I love Andy. Amen sign Bishop athanasius Schneider auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of st. Mary and Estonia Bishop. Schneider's comments were echoed a couple of days later in a statement released by Archbishop Alexander sample of Port the Diocese of Archdiocese of Portland, Oregon when he issued the this document I will also give you verbatim them further considerations and liturgical celebrations and public health concerns again issued by the Archdiocese of Portland in Oregon office of divine worship. This office has received some calls from concerned parishioners stating that they have been denied Holy Communion on the tongue or have been told that Holy Communion on the tongue has been banned in certain parishes. After Consulting with the Archbishop this office would like to clearly communicate that a parish cannot ban the reception of Holy Communion on the tongue nor May and extraordinary or extraordinary Minister refused a person requesting Holy Communion on the tongue See Redemption is sacramentum 92 quote. Each of the faithful always has the right to receive Holy Communion on the tongue at his choice and quote. This morning we consulted with two Physicians regarding this issue one on one of which is a specialist in Immunology for the state of Oregon. They agree that done properly the reception of Holy Communion on the tongue or in the hand pose a more or less equal risk the risk of touching the tongue and passing the saliva onto others is obviously a danger. However, the chance of touching someone's hand is equally probable in one's hands have a greater exposure to germs. Therefore it is most probable that ordinary and extraordinary Ministers of Holy Communion are able to Repeat Holy Communion without risk of touching the hands or the tongue parishioners should also be instructed how to receive Holy Communion properly either on the tongue or in the hand if extraordinary Ministers of Holy Communion feel uncomfortable Distributing Holy Communion either in the hand or on the tongue. They should be excused from this ministry. Again, that is from the the office of the Divine worship for the Archdiocese of Portland. Now, we know that these actions have been taken in response to the public health concerns of the day. These actions are of course completely unnecessary and frankly won't be enforced in traditional Latin Mass parishes of groups like The sspx the fssp and others do to communion in the hand being utterly band and the missiles of 1962 and earlier. We if anyone understands the issues at hand related to the risks the Bishops Banning commuting on the tongue are citing then it's clear that their concerns are spurious and probably an excuse for as Bishop Schneider said in his letter the risks are much higher in communion in the hand given everything that the faithful touch between their homes and the Eucharist at Mass. Maybe they'll introduce a Rite of purification for everyone where the sign of Peace used to be. It would be keeping with the spirit of Vatican to in that way. Anyway, let me know what you think of this. Expect a second video later in the day on a related subject the sources for this are listed on the sources blog ever to church return to tradition dot-org. I do recommend that you go there and sign up to get notified of when I get post over there because I've heard recently that many subscribers are no longer getting notified of when I upload a video and had and many haven't seen anything for me in weeks and no I don't sell those email addresses and ever actually see them. It's just you get a note you get a notification whenever I post something there, which is every weekday now one way. Around that not being notified issue is to go to the sources blog and sign up over there return to tradition dot-org like I said or go into the description of this video and click on the Facebook link and follow the return to tradition Facebook page where I typically post everything. Anyway. Thank you for listening. I'm Anthony Stein Ave, Maria.