Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides.You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually doing the Practice. I woke up by 5:30, but I was lying on bed till 6:30. And then I got AB talk about in my booth should be gardened. So, you know water my garden and then I started my hot yoga practice. Very good. Very good. I am giving my practice also regular. Let's see where that takes me. Yeah, and then What else what else what else Oda what are the things that I came? Yes. I made them on video for the Agni series and the next second series will be releasing day after tomorrow. So that video is on the on the rocks. And also I have made my video for the Maha shivarathri sharing like my experience of mass. You're a tree and how it was for me. It is not. I know most people say it's awesome. I was super joyful super happy, but Mine is a little bit different. I because it's very personal to me and I will wait for the video to come out rather than putting more about it. And yeah today was all about nothing much happening. Yeah, that's about it. I'm actually out of words. Usually I'm not out of words. But yes, there was one article. I read one. Anna send me about the party etre during Shiva. Unga process volunteers travel from various states to the violin agree mountain and I was just reading this. I was just reading this blog to beautiful block. You can check out the link in my bio definitely check it out. So it's so beautiful. I was literally crying. I hope maybe someday I also want to take it. I hope I'm able to do that by the Astra and it was so intense just reading it tears of joy. No joy. like as if that I'm not sharing was so it's so intense that I felt like I was walking with him and I could feel each of the things that he was doing because I have also then she Wanga so have got a glimpse of what did this this is small tiny glimpse so I could actually relate with what he was saying and yeah, so, yep, that's it for today's podcast. It's quite short. Definitely guys podcast is a very important medium. So I was watching a video on YouTube, you know, there are like blocks. There are 330 million block people putting out blocks means separate blocks on YouTube. Also, there are about I don't know some 50 60 million channels and the amount of time, you know, people retain on blocks is like two to three minutes for YouTube. It's like 45 minutes. What other social media is less than a minute? But if you have a podcast people here your podcast for at least 30 minutes the average so you can go on a long format because we're people here podcasts are when they are driving when they're cooking when they're taking a shower and no other medium they can use but a podcast is something like that they can just keep so I want my listeners you also to start a podcast just started guys just share a minute of your daily life. Like I'm doing right now. I have no idea one thing that I try to do with my podcast is I try to share some insight regarding stamina, which you might find useful. But even if you don't have any useful information just put it out because you are unique in your sharing and definitely something or the other will come out. So make your podcast guys share it. I want you guys to start a podcast. Let's make use of this opportunity whether you have a business whether you just want to share your hobby just do it. Just start a podcast Zoom. Definitely guys. If your first time on this podcast to check out my YouTube channel. It's by the same name voice Chuck Cebu. You can type in our engineering review. I'm they don't Tick-Tock link then Snapchat. You can find me anywhere. You can also email me at voice talks about 90 at gmail.com. So hope you guys have a great time now, it's Karim.