I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them. Yes also sometimes the show SVU will go dark. And therefore we will make light. So please consider this your content warning before you start watching or listening to our iTunes or Spotify or whatever else. You can find us know that we'll be making jokes. Yep, especially this episode. This was such an episode. Let's talk about this. Let's do that. What did you think? I love this episode. I'm gonna be honest. You knew I would like it was just such. Such II know that I was case a spoiler because your 60-second reaction. It felt classic to me because it was like full of twists full of like I think that they not like really parody but sort of parody this world of like wellness clinics, like women's like, you know, empowerment Summits and things which can be very good and very helpful. But you know, there are some that are very like what Rollins was saying like and they want money, you know what I mean? And so they I think they did such a good job of capturing this world. I agree. I really enjoyed this I had so much fun, too. I really felt like drawn in to the mystery. Yeah, and you know as we know not that I'm an expert but I tend to call things and be like this is going to happen. This is yeah and this one I was like, I'm confused see I love the Lord called it will get there. What kind of there let's start at the beginning with we be well, yeah not to be confused with other. Organizations we've met like give me that body and I think recently I was I was watching an episode of the character named gots money. So like we be well fits in very well with our company. Oh good God. I love the fake names. I really do to in. This is like a perfect and it's spelled so stupid like I just classic. It's so good. And yeah, so we meet Luna our CEO we meet Melanie the COS. First your name is Luna like it's not but like Lillian I just yeah absent Works internet tracks. I got to point out who Melanie is for those who haven't noticed that is Samantha Mathis who you may recall from season 5 episode 9 control. She's one of the women who was held in a dungeon and forced to marry the guy and it starts with the episode opens with a guy being castrated a subway station. Oh, I completely forgot that that was her because As we all know her a lot better as season 15 episode 2 22. Sorry Reasonable Doubt, which is with Bradley Whitford and it's the one where he's married to her and she's saying that he assaulted their young daughter and now he's sleeping with her younger sister. That is the very classic Woody Allen / Roman Polanski story. Yeah. So some of the baathist is a triple repeat offender good for you. So like yes that Q I love a good like person who's been on like six times like get your coins like she's been in it in lead. Yeah shins. She's great. I really liked her. She's so good. Sometimes it's other pedal on explaining about victims in living memory. Sorry. May I call you that? I'm talking about sensory versus linear and this is where in this scene aside from her interrupting every word. I was like, oh this is it. This is actually like learns how to explain her rape later. Mmm. I was like because the prune promo said she was raped so I knew that she was going to be raped. So seeing her listening to Olivia go. This is how victim recalls her story. I was like, this is where she gets the idea. Hmm not the case so strength of survival takes strength and that is something that may steal from not me. I will I like the Rollins ask her. I dream of you on the panel. She's just going to interrupt you. I agree. I just loved like Rollins in this environment. It's so not her and so I loved her just being like so over and like it cats drinking the Kool-Aid like a little like she's by seven rods, like know I really liked seeing the two of them. Right because cat this is kind of cat's environment cats young and yeah, but whatever so to see her being like vibrators right Vibe roldos, I love a little girl-on-girl little girls day today. I'm at Summit, you know, so So good. I just we'll talk about vibrato is later. But I have to I have to well we will a vibrator is it vibrating dildo? Yes, not necessarily to be phallic-shaped but it's a vibrator right a vibrato is not a thing. It's a dildo is a non vibrating fell. I agree. However, we are going to give it a pass because it's amazing word. I agree. I love this one. So it's fine. We're gonna just we're gonna display. Yeah, I just I'm worried that the writing staff does not know donkeys. So we meet Bobby the CFO he visits Lunas room. She's drunk. She's flirty have Idols. We have drink walls. I mean, what more do you need? What do I need? He's really worried about the IPO. She's like Bobby you do the numbers. I do the ideas brilliant ideas. I don't so many clothes for I know I'm so excited. So Lou does this isn't expensive to come back because She was raped we never got to the financials because he pushed her on the bed. She's I froze. It was just like you said and that's what I was like. Yes on the panel. She was like, yeah take it in this information. This is how victim react and not only did Bobby do it, but bum me out Bobby bum me out Bobby. So then she starts freaking out about the IPO herself. She doesn't want the press to press charges because of the IPO the whole brand of Hands-On with Hands up women wanted to be me rape doesn't fit into that picture not to not to be a terrible person. But I feel like I think it would impact like make you more lovable. Yeah. I mean I get her point, but I feel like I feel like 10 years ago that had been true but now like we are starting to have these conversations and so many women are coming forward but although to be fair like this is sort of a business SeaWorld instead of like I guess it doesn't like so to make a difference, but I think that it will empower Our more people will ever become friends. Yeah, that makes sense because the the more you can speak about it the more you can help Empower others for sure and women want to be you and be able to be a leader right despite. Yes. I may have happened to you, right? Yeah, she'll slain. So anyway, our outcry witness is Sequoia the names in this episode. I just like can't get over how good they were quiet hum Nettie in the chat says that that I am right also thought the same thing when they were watching. I Love It Bobby is like We had sex and then Sequoia came and freaked out and she's crying rape because Sequoia and lunar together Bobby and Luna used to be a couple. I can't imagine a working that closely with an X and be working that closely with an ex that I refer to as bum me out Bobby me out Bobby. You don't even know the girl fire him. Yeah, although I'm probably be a suit. He could probably stop the peanut. Yeah, I'm saying absolutely not from Logistics as the Cielo. Whoa, well Sequoias arcielo be Chief listening officers mean I mean assistant, it means a student right? I was like, I wonder if that like meat no, it's just straight up. Yeah. I want that job, right obviously and I think I think it would drain me know I could do it and you probably could so Bob. He's arrested. He's claiming that she's crying right because he confront her about the embezzlement. I was so excited. So then Rollins goes to visit vinod Gupta. Who is our CTO is La business in terms here. Yeah, there are of like, okay he signed off on paying fake companies. He didn't argue. The previous CGI was fired because she didn't like the color of his Aura. I liked that. I wanted more of that. It was so funny because it was like so out there, but at the same time like I could see people saying this I like goop or something. Yes. This felt very goofy. Did yeah. Anyway, apparently she swore it was legal to move the money around for a foundation. Then they go to talk to Melanie. They asked her isn't it your job to keep her in line just like it's Lunas world. I really like the picture they're painting of this like Tyrant e CEO who you know makes the decisions and you can't argue because that's the character we've met and that makes sense. Right? So then we see checks to at ISA Chi Tisa. Here's the thing. Why did we say her full name? Every time he said because it rolls off the tongue. He's a cheat. You know how long it took me to figure out what her first name was tche. I love to Sochi. She said she was anyway and kind of love it. Alright, so she used to work in Creative. She got paid it was said to be a Coke consulting fee. They find Tisa and ask her what she consulted on. The answer is she signing an NDA. They were to keep her quiet about sexual assault. I had this moment was like finally we have not had a female perp like the same ever. Yeah, and I was so excited. Yeah as awful as that song but like doing is something that we haven't really explored before and that's really important. I think. Yes. So at the retreat Luna specifically my notes are all over the place specifically asked for TC. Invite her to a private cabin. It was just her. She asked her to try thee Vibra Lo hizo didn't want to so she tried the bondage tape girl what I'm not victim-blaming but if she's like, okay, you don't want to try this here tie yourself up for me. All right. Okay. So anyway then Luna use the device on her. This is a horrifying story. Re and I really thought it was interesting if that was what had happened. Yeah, me too. So interesting that she had done this because what what kind of like what's going on in your head that you think that's okay? Yeah. She's just like she's so powerful. It's like gotten to do anything. She wants pretty much. Yeah, so Lunas brought in with her lawyer. We have a return of Miss mcglinn on E. She's great. So I I love her. Yeah. She's fantastic. Sir claims that Luna peruse the bondage shape and the device against her will it was a team-building event? Would they tell her that he's a claims? It was a private. Cabin Luna's like what are you talking about? I stay in a private Suite in the main building because I'm fancy. Yeah, it really feels like you should do your research when you're going to accuse somebody right? Did you really think Luna staying in a cabin? Well, actually I could see your thing in common because they happen to be one with you. Sure thing. Yeah. Yeah, there's an apology emotional getting write this I didn't authorize these payments or the NDA. She's very confused we go to Hadid. We do a detox to vinay Gupta. I can't say anything that will damage the IPO. They talked to Melanie. She's not sure about an offshore LLC. She told Luna the moving money around it's going to look bad. She doesn't listen so beds and Ron's arrest Luna for embezzlement. Honoring and sexual assault. Yeah, her builds and I and she starts to lose it. She does. She says there's been a mistake. I haven't done any of these things and then the media is like going crazy and I think Ben's it makes such a good point at this moment. You have the quote. There are serial men who are serial Predators who gets more respect than this. Yep. She's so bright. Yeah, and it's so frustrating. Yeah, and honestly, I wish they I have discussed this more. Hmm same so then Rollins points out. Why would you make a false rape accusation if she has so much to hide right, which is a question. I ask all the time when bad guys do stupid things, right? Like where's the logic here? Benza doesn't think it was false, but none of it makes sense and I'm sitting there very confused. And then we see Bobby Melanie and vinay and they are talking at a press conference. There can take over we would be well and I said it's business as usual and I There and wet man, it would be so interesting if the three of them put all this together. Nah, that's too complicated. No, I I kind of just because I mean I was kind of like suspecting it ish before because I knew Bobby was just like he was not he was not good news, right? Is that good news? And then just like seeing their eyes and that press conference. I was like, they're hungry for something and this is called swim with sharks and I feel like They are the sharks. I kind of had an inkling. Hey afterbuzzers before we move on to your next topic. We just want to say thanks to our sponsor. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Plus there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer also anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a Podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. I thought I thought this would be such a cool story that they're about to do really complex. Yeah. So then make Lonnie calls Benson's like lunar need to talk to you. She was attacked in jail, and they said she needs know what it's like to be raped by a woman, which is crazy. Yeah, we oh we have an interesting Liz. Lisette in the chat says what about the female po that raped creases brother or creases brother-in-law that also was a woman attacking a woman perp. I don't know that we've had women perps on women and think really few and far between I'm sure that I'm sure that it happened but I can't really think of examples it's just like it's very rare that we see that I'd say. Yeah and the way we've seen it as been more the way Melanie did this to Luna Unless what Luna allegedly did to Tisa right? Exactly. So Luna is freaking out. I must be guilty because there's no other explanation. I just want this to be over and then she's like I'll plead guilty. I can't remember anything. Someone's got to be setting me up. It doesn't it. Sounds like me. I lost my mind. I feel like I've been betrayed. I like that. They're like, is this a psych defense? Yeah, because it It is working. Right so Benson's is either she's got a split personality or her employees are framing her because she's being gaslighted quick question is would it not be gist gas-lit. I don't know I ask myself that too. Actually. I was like, huh? I wonder it at that moment. I went that's very jarring. Yeah. I actually wondered myself. I was like I was like, should I write Gaslight but no see they said God. Why did I got some? Just go with that. It seems I'm gonna be honest though. I thought they were going the route of like she'd split personality and really taking advantage of it though. I don't think there were guys. I like I don't know because I guess when you look back if they did plan the season like gaslighting but I didn't think it was like super obvious from the get-go. That's what was happening. Does that make sense? Yeah. I thought I really thought that she had because I mean we've seen people who like have these like bipolar disorder like different disorders that don't come out until later or something. So I kind of thought that's what it was. And they were like, oh we gotta do something to save this company from her because she is like having his foot and that's kind of what I thought. Okay. I'm gonna I'm gonna do. Um, yeah, so cat says there might be a conspiracy Sequoia swear. She mm Luna never stayed in this state in the suite at The Retreat t7 Luna have no texts or calls between them. But Tisa and Gupta do yeah, they've been talking for six months. So Rollins then points out. I love when Rollins does profiler either. Uh-huh. So I'm so glad this came back in and she says the emails have been more aggressive and had more male energy, which I disagree but the key phrases red ocean keep my powder dry. I pause to read the context of that sentence to try to understand what the hell that right. I was like what? Um, it's kind of if I remember correctly. It was like keep my nose clean. It was like stay out of trouble or like yeah. I was like I've I'm very confused on that too. Whoo. Hello and then red ocean. She said it's an MBA phrase and I was like what I definitely thought I'm a period I also thought of that was that until I pause and read though wrestling. I just very confused. It was like it was red ocean like like from sharks eating and blood gotcha. I also was like ways a period joke. I'm very confused. Yeah, that's what I thought for a bit. I was like, okay, I guess not. Okay, I do want to point out her email signature. Did you write could you write that one down know the her her her saying be well be hot be happy that is having to sign every professional email from now on have a great day. I wish hobby while be happy here. Wish you luck. I also see Lisette pointing out the episode before Novak was Novak in there were three women who raped the stripper? Yes for a Novak was I'm not as before she was Yeah. Yeah. This isn't who's season? He's really yeah season 3 sound right? Yes, we've had female parts. It's just read as is rare. It's just rare and it yeah, so Hadid is like wait a second. There are three execs in a staffer that are conspiring. This is elaborate. I agree which is why I didn't think we were doing this. Yeah. So Benson what's up guilty people mitigate denying blame others. They don't blame themselves. And think they're losing their mind. Yeah, and then it was very fun because Hadid was on their side for a moment. Yeah, I was like, okay. I was like girl you better not be whatever. She's like. Well I want to record of they're gonna lie, right? Okay, that's good points for point. I really loved it and they were like start with T. So, there's no way she's The Mastermind if I was to you side good, excuse me. Well, my dad started noticed. He's a breaks easily. She have to say I cracked her like a little stick. Um, it's what interests I really like when hadid's is were not gonna drop the charges and then it's like bring them all in because I want them on the record. I would have kind of liked it. I know this is terrible because we don't we're not big fans. Id'd if she was like, yeah, but we can't prove that. So we're going after her anyway, yeah. Yeah. I'm not going no well think of something tasya breaks. So then Benson tells Luna that it was a conspiracy. We talked to Melanie. They grew up together rape wasn't supposed to be a part of it. Bobby said that she made it up. They all knew at some point. Luna was gonna drive us over a cliff. So Melanie gets the deal and she they asked her. How could you do this to another woman? She said Luna spent her whole life doing that to other women and tells a story about a necklace. He destroyed other women just like I'd it like girl. She's stolen neck like this is not the same. It's not it's just not like I'm so sorry like I yes do I feel bad for you? Yeah, but like it over at home girl, like also don't stay in her life. Yeah, you're not working for y. So she says Steely she's always been stealing. What's mine then giving it back. It's a crazy crazy kind of gas lighting. That's a crazy girl. She is my necklace back. Shut up. I am necklace. Yes, and then we find out Molly's as was my ID. I'm a the business plan, but she's gorgeous. Radiant. Oh think I don't I disagree that. She needs to be the face right find someone else who's also a gorgeous terminate. Whatever didn't steal your necklace in your 13. Yeah dumb like hire somebody dumb and pretty who like is an excellent speaker. Yeah, and then control them. He's not ugly, but you better be Ryan's right? Luke somebody's are as difficult. Arc filing a false report and rape and then he's like, I got a call that lawyer did you get with vents are what Rollins says to him? No, what'd she say? Keep your powder dry coffee? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah keep your powder dry. I love how the other people at the table were just like what like they're so confused as what was going on. Yeah. So the guys got please they got seven and five years Melanie walked. But then Benson says, you know what happens when your house burns down you get a clear view of the sky. I'm sorry. What I okay? Okay, you know what also could get a clear view of the sky stepping outside or climbing to the roof or having a skylight having a sunroof. Okay. I usually love like like I'm usually a sucker for those clothes, but I was just like, huh? Yeah, okay swimming with the sharks. It was Taylor. We like to do a fun pull here. We sure do every week. Yeah, we do before you do. Should I say the news? Yes, we're really excited about this. Yeah. I'm ready. Also going to announce it on our next episode. We're gonna talk about this forever. Yeah, because fighting stuff SVU has been renewed for three more years. Can I just say I have a statistic, which y'all doesn't like I do it you guys this means the SVU is going to be 24 years old that is more years than I have been on this Earth currently and you know what? That's how it should be. That's how it should be. I feel not one. Not two three freaking years man that is right as view is going to be at least through season 24. That's gonna how many apps is that going to put aside Okay, so Me I'm just like curious because I would love to calculate like how like if you watched it non-stop, like how long it would take you to watch like months like months of this point. I mean, I could sit down and do it if you'd like. Okay, so we're going to do that. I'd be happy to that's wild. Yeah. So let's do the pulled out that I jumped. I was just too excited. Oh, I totally get it. Okay. So actually we did a poll last few weeks ago a bit ago, and it was I deserve Some Lovin to as a great role. Undercover episode. So we asked you guys what your favorite Ron's undercover I'm saying is there are so many but we chose four of them coming in dead last which really hurts me because I really liked it father dearest season 13 episode 20 really like Father dearest. It's where all of the girls like date their dad like their sperm donor. It's the James Van Der Beek. Yeah. It's a great episode and I only got seven point four percent which like you guys don't have very good taste. But I know if that was scary. It's her it's her. Undercover part that's so short, right? It's a great episode though. That's why we have a tie for second place. We have Starstruck victims season, 17 episode 16 and I deserve some love into season 21 episode 14, the the winner like should have one and I'm very excited gamblers fallacy season 15 episode 17 you guys are correct. You are valid for that and if anyone else would have one I would have been upset because it's such a good episode and so Have a new poll this week to and that is your favorite like frenemies episode. There are some great ones. We have Mean Season 5 Episode 15. This is the one with the blond girls who attack their best friend because she was sleeping or she dated her boyfriend the fruit. I believe he played the he was the grapes and like a Fruit of the Loom commercial and they attack her and then they claim that they have like they were under the influence of the one blond. Yeah. It's the one where is this really put her in the trunk or yeah, the trunk and Warner says no anybody blondes and they're like, we know three right? Good luck. That's a great episode such a good one. We have wet season 5 episode 5, that's the stabbed the captain of the pickle up. It is the sad the captain with the Pig loves. It is the episode with the mushrooms and the yeah, we have theater tricks season 13 episode 11 God. I love this episode. The other chicks is the one where the girl is raped on the In the live action or interactive theater Dante's Inferno blazing Inferno. Yep, and everyone thinks it's part of it. That's a wild as well the animal that's yeah. That's a good one. I mean spoilers it's all front of me. So I guess you can do ya know and then of course this one swimming with a shark season 21 episode 15, we've been discussing this. I hope you know the plot my best to win. I love you always have to like do some like gambling. I was like, there's another Lisette says Glasgow man's wrath is is also that's a good one. That's what was the crazy one but it's like Yeah, The Classical man and take based off the Slenderman. Whatever. Yes good. I want to say I think theater tricks might win. Maybe that's bias because that's my favorite. But I like you interesting. Oh, I you always have to battle is against me. Yeah. I know there's our hammock. I'm sorry. I feel like this one might win because it was so crazy, but II would like mean but I think it's so old school that No One's Gonna vote for because no one likes to vote for the old ones. That's fair. Alright, cool, huh? I guess we'll figure it out. I will tweet this out right after the show. We're having some Wi-Fi problems, but don't worry. You will get to vote soon enough on the next episode Kim returns. Yes what I'm gonna say, but if you are wondering when we're going to cover that since that was the episode that aired this week 10 minutes, we're gonna do now so leave this like this video subscribe to our drama Channel and then join us for the next episode The Double feature, baby. Here Taylor where can one find you and the pole you guys can find me and more importantly the poll on Twitter Alpha button score and and on Instagram at Taylor. I'm just working to underscore. Thank you. I'm gonna give some shout outs because we people chatting in the chat. We have Alex Jones asking us to do an after show for gamblers fallacy. PK Journey says SVU like motto is forever many Smith told us that it's gonna be about and so did Zach that it's going to be about 500 episodes. Wow. Yeah, it's 24 Yep, who else was in here Jay Norman who is not a fan of us apparently well or a fan of us view. I'm not sure which one he doesn't like. Anyway, thank you all so much for joining us. I'm yelled Segal. I'm over at Yale tegel. That's why alt wedge EIEIO. I will be right back for more SVU and throughout the week also watch it gets me all the time. Heck. Yeah. We're not just the first we're the biggest in the world and would only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com Buzz ya later described herein are those of the host only you do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners our principal.