What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify.Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those would be the rituals of sacrifice then laid out in story then turned into a psychological phenomena so that now we're capable of making sacrifices in abstraction right to conceptualize a future that we want to let go of the things that are stopping us from moving forward and to free ourselves from the chains of our original preconceptions, and that's laid out in these old stories as the Warpath way of being and there's a philosopher of science named Karl Popper, very sensible and down-to-earth person who was talking about thinking and its nature and he was thought about thinking in a darwinian fashion. He said the purpose of thinking is to let your thoughts die instead of you. It's a brilliant notion and so the idea is something like You can conjure up a representation of yourself. You can conjure up a variety of potential representations of yourself into the in the future. You can lay out how those future representations of yourself are likely to Prevail or fail. You can call the potential use in the future that will fail and then you can embody the ones that will succeed you do that. Well simultaneously Conjuring up a representation of your current state and determining for yourself. Because of your undue suffering which elements of your pathetic being need to be given up so that you can move forward into that future. What is it that you're aiming at with that work in that sacrifice. That's the ultimate question. It's the question. I was trying to address in that writing. What is it that you're trying to do you're trying to improve the future. We believe that the future can be improved. We believe that it can be improved as a consequence of our sacrificial work. And so once again, what are the limitations what are the limits to that what are the necessary limits to that? I would say I say we don't know I would say as well that that's actually something that the entire Corpus of biblical stories is trying desperately to articulate to figure out an articulate, right we conjured up this remarkable idea the future exists. We can see it even though it's only potential we can adjust our behavior in the present in order to maximize our probability of success in the future how best to do that. well, the idea is something like don't hesitate to offer the ultimate sacrifice. If you want the future to turn out ultimately well now obviously that idea is closed in metaphysical speculation and religious imagery, but it still remains an intensely practical issue, right? What is it that you could? contract for let's say If you were willing to give up everything about you that's weak and unworthy. the proper sacrificial out attitude produces a psychological state and then a social State that's a manifestation of that attitude. that decreases the probability that the world will careen into hell and increases the probability that people will live high-quality meaningful private lives in a society that's balanced and capable of supporting that and none of that seems to me to be Questionable really. I also don't think it's anything that people don't actually know, you know, people have told me many times that when they listen to me talk they're hearing things that they already knew but didn't know how to say it something like that. And this is one of those things that I think is exactly like that. I mean, I think it's at the very core of our moral knowledge and which is our behavioral knowledge and our perceptual notes mean let's get this straight moral knowledge is no trivial. It's knowledge about how it is that you Orient yourself in the world. There's no more profoundly necessary form of knowledge, but it's predicated on something that's exactly like this. We know that we have to make sacrifices. We know that we have to aim it what's good. So then why isn't that we don't aim at what's best and make the sacrifices that are necessary in order to bring that into play. I think it seems to me that in some sense that self-evident. The question is why we don't do it, but there's answers to that to already in the material that we've covered life is hard and it hurts people. It's Rife with limitation and some of its arbitrary and some of its unjust and some of its worst some of its malevolent which is even worse in something. I haven't talked about at all in this lecture. It's not surprising that that combination of vicissitude can turn people against being but I think even when that happens and even when people have The kind of history that if they revealed to you you would say. Well it's no wonder you turned out that way the people who turn out that way still know that it's wrong. They still know that however deep their own suffering. However arbitrary their own suffering however much that's caused by the malevolence of others as well as the tragedy of existence that that does not in any way justify their turning away from the good and I believe everyone knows that I believe that they know it implicitly even if they don't allow themselves to know it explicitly and I believe that if they violate that idea then they violate themselves and that they end up in Cannes position, which is the position of the man who's been given a punishment. That is too great to bear.