If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy.GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys. Hi there, welcome to peer skin talk. My name is Devon MacArthur. I am a licensed aesthetician and certified makeup artist this podcast is for anyone who wants to learn more about skin and how to take care of it from acne to anti-aging. I am covering it all and making it easy to understand follow me on Instagram at Pier skin OC. Hey everyone, welcome back to peer skin talk. So today we're going to talk about masks and I know that I've already done a an episode on masks but those were strictly for client use to use it home and I wanted to do an episode because last we got to that episode on enzymes. I wanted to do all the masks that I use some for home and then also ones that I use in my treatment room. So that's what we're going to talk about today. But first off, of course follow me on Instagram or all social media at Pier skin OC Instagram is the most active and I sometimes I'm an all posts like skin care tips and tricks and specials that I might have before and after pics so you can see my work. I don't know if you guys have been if you're following me now, but I the thermo clear machine that I have talked about and all the things that Can remove Millie a cherry angiomas sunspots cholesterol deposits all these wonderful things. I've posted a lot of pictures lately of results. So check that out because it's pretty amazing. If you don't know what I'm talking about. I did do an episode on the thermo clear. So take a listen to that. It really is an amazing machine has given my clients better skin and they are happier for it. So isn't I mean that's just my goal You know want to make my clients happy so check that out. You can also go on my website peer skin o c.com. I do have an online store so you can access it there. You can also sign up for skincare coaching and I can help you with your skin. If you are not local to me, but still want some guidance on how to take care of your skin then sign up for that Thunder Senator the shop under skin care Kuching. So yeah, check that out. And then my website also has all my services that I offer before and after pictures and reviews and all that stuff. So pure skin o c.com. And then of course if you could rate review And subscribe to this podcast, that would be great. Really really helps build get the name out there and then also share the podcast love it if you guys would share it on social media tag. Add me if you do that always helps because it introduces a new audience that I may not be able to reach so they can learn more about their skin or a students who are looking for more information. So if you could share it, that would be so great. And don't forget to tag me because I want to see when you guys do it. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so why don't we get started? On Spotify you can list all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you listening to with your friends on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Pierce can talk on Spotify or browse podcast in your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Pierce can talk. Okay. So masks are a great way to end a facial they can calm the skin after extractions soothe the skin take away redness and lots of other things. I'm going to talk about all the math that I use in my treatment room. As I said at the beginning I did an episode previously on Masa die. Tell but since I do have estheticians that listen I thought I should do an episode that includes both types of masks plus. I know that clients like to know what is offered and why it's good for the skin and even if you're not local to me, if you're going to see another esthetician, then you can kind of know what you're in for if they talk about different mass that just its knowledge for everybody that that I really do believe is beneficial. So when choosing a mask I have to take in consideration the clients skin. Her goals or his goals for the skin specifically after the facial. Are they going somewhere, you know date night or they just going home and going to bed or they have something coming up in the weekend. All these things are factors and the facial itself, but also the masks and that's how you and the facial and then I also consider the enzyme I used and all the benefits from each mask. It's a lot to consider. So knowing the math that I have in my treatment room. Umm is important. I don't have time to go through each one each time. So I need to know what they all do and because I have to decide during the facial which one is best. And I think this is really important. So when I'm First Learning of a new mask or any new product that I might bring in I usually have some notes or something to remind me and then after you know after a few times, whatever I get it, but I just try to do what I can so. I'm not fumbling during the facial. And then you know Master also something fun to do on a girls night or guys night whatever, you know, it's nice to enjoy. It's nice to have fun with it. But I do think that sometimes there's a lot of expectations that are put into a mask, you know, we want to smooth out our wrinkles who want to clear up your acne and quite honestly, I wish that it could do all those things permanently, but you know, they can't it's not magic but what they Should not do is make our skin look and feel dehydrated or make us break out. I've told you guys stories before when I was a teenager and I get into my sister's cabinet and I used you know her clay mask because she had oily skin and I have dry skin. I mean it was a disaster. I was hurting my skin, but I thought I was just doing amazing things for it. So what we want it to do is improve our skin and be a great addition to your regular skin care routine. - okay, so I'm going to talk first about the masks that I use from skin script figured. I just do it by company because to be easiest skin script has a lot of masks especially since they bring out seasonal ones all the time. I'm going to talk to you about my favorite ones and the ones that work for my clients. If you are an esthetician esthetician looking to add skin script to your back bar or just looking for mask I encourage you to try Ones that maybe didn't make my list. These are just my favorites but other institutions have their favorite to it really comes down to what you think gives you results, but also who your clients are. So if you just have acne clients and it doesn't make sense to do anti-aging masks and you know vice versa so you got to figure that out before, you know, you decide what masked even have for your clients. Okay. So the first one I want to talk about is Uncle refining mask, this is a great one for normal to oily skin and those dealing with acne when I use in the treatment room. I always see a difference after sometimes I only use it on parts of the face like the nose since usually the nose has a lot of blackheads and then we'll do another mask on the rest of the face this mask seems to calm the skin skin but also diminish the appearance of larger pores, which I mean, I feel like that's One of the top five questions as you know, how can I make my pores look smaller and this Mass definitely helps with that and I think it also makes the skin look more clear. And I love this mask for teens. It's fantastic. This is a newer one. I think it's going to scriptures about that brought this out last year. I remember correctly charcoal powder is an extremely porous purified powder that acts like a sponge. Attracting impurities and excess oil from the skin kind of like a thing goes skin script gives you this analogy think of a magnet pulling metal toxins from our cells. Okay, so it kind of pulls it away and I really I always see a different side. This is this is a really really good one, especially oily and you know people who have acne. It's great next mask. I want to talk about Is the goji berry mask? I love this one for almost everyone. It was one of the first mask that I brought into my treatment room and I have a lot of masks at this point. And as you will know by the end of this podcast how many mass I actually have so I do have some that are similar to this one. But some you know, some might add a little something different but this mask is easy, and I know that it's good for all skin types. Soooo, it has some great ingredients but I don't think it's fancy which is why I like it. I could use this on every client and be happy with those results. I know I'm not really saying a lot about this one, but it really is one of my favorite masks because sometimes after you do an enzyme on someone their skin can maybe tingle a little bit or you know, it's not that it's a bad reaction, but they can just kind of feel what you put on their skin next and this one. Just don't have to worry about I can put it on and it's good. Everybody's happy with it. And sometimes that's just what you need when you're working on a client. This mask can also be used to cut an enzyme to make it still work, but it cuts the strength of it. So it's not as harsh on the clients skin. I talked about this that in the enzyme episode, but I just wanted to mention it for this one. Goji berry is a rich source of vitamin C. You guys all know how much I vitamin C yogurt extract moisturizer smooth and stimulate cellular regeneration. So it's a great anti-aging mask squalene squalane helps keep skin soft and healthy and it is an antioxidant and this helps prevent the loss of water from the skin which then improves the skin appearance and health that has cucumber in it. Which is an anti-inflammatory effect. So Sue's irritated skin. So it's just great for everybody. I love this one. Okay. So when I first started out I had the goji berry mask and then I had this next one. I'm going to talk about strawberry spearmint mask. So I think that we'll always going to be my favorite and just ones I'll always keep in the treatment room, even though I might bring in other ones that are that are similar. I just you know, you just have your favorite. And this is this is my other like long long term favorite one. So strawberry spearmint mask mask helps to absorb absorb. I can't my talk today absorb oil without irritation to antibacterial its anti-aging and it's anti-inflammatory. Most of my facials. I use two different masks in my Express facial and my teen facial. I only do one mask. This is the one Do the most during those facials for clients who have breakouts acne or troubled skin. It's an all-in-one in my in my opinion. So it's going to its antibacterial. It's going to its anti-inflammatory. So helped bring down it helps calm the skin after extractions, but it's also hydrating after extract extractions. I like to use this like I just said because it's antibacterial because of the spearmint. It's the thick creamy mask and it feels really nice. Nice on the skin. Okay, next one white peach nourishing mask. This is a seasonal mask and although I do like it. It is replaceable. In my opinion. I buy it each time. It comes out because I love this smell and so to my clients plus it nourishes and hydrates the skin white peach is high in vitamin A vitamin K and vitamin C. And those are all in III. To help the skin against free radicals, so I don't want to like really downplay this mask. And I know that's because I said it's replaceable but it is it's got there's other massive going to kind of do the same thing. I mean go do Barry, I feel gives my clients the same results, but it's nice to switch things up this white peach. It's nice in the spring summer time. It feels really light and it smells it just smells really good. So I like this one. Okay, the next one is frankincense. And myrrh, nourishing mask. I did not love this mask at first. I will try most of their new stuff except if it has a vanilla or lavender. I don't like those two cents. I know it's not about me but I can't get past that smell and I don't want it in my treatment room. So I avoid those two cents. But this frankincense and myrrh nourishing mask, so I didn't like it. I liked it but didn't see that much because I wasn't I didn't use it that much. I don't know what's wrong with my brain. I didn't use it that much because I wasn't seeing the results I get from other masks. So I kind of just pushed it aside and then one day I used to have a client who was a little bit more red than usual and the first Mast I had used. Didn't calm the skin like I wanted and so I try this one again. Oh my gosh, the skin looks so good. After of course. This is a seasonal mask and I was a month away from it coming back. If it even did sometimes we don't know until it happens. We can reach out and ask but they don't always know immediately if it's if they're going to do it. So I had a few up lap applications left of this mask and I reserved it for clients that could really benefit. I mean, I just, you know, I have to I have to Save it but since then I have stocked up and I still love this mask. It's not my favorite smell but it's not bad. It's not like it's offensive. It's not like it's vanilla or Lavender in my in for me. But actually my clients like the smell and that's you know, that's all that matters. I got the great results and it just the skin looks great estheticians. If you haven't tried this one stock up when it comes back in usually around with things like Thanksgiving Christmas time. Love it. Love it. Love it. I can't believe how it just takes that redness out of the skin immediately or after a few after 10 minutes. Okay. The next one is the Golden Honey nourishing mask. Oh you guys this is a good one one client describe this as feeling like a warm blanket who wouldn't love that. It does warm up on the skin and it really does feel good. It's very hydrating and it leaves my clients with glowy skin. This is another seasonal mask. And after the first time I tried it. I ordered more I had to make sure I got more before they ran out. That was just not going to happen to me since I apply this with my hands. It's too messy and difficult with a brush because it's like thick and goopy. I mean it's kind of similar to honey. Just you know, I mean it has other stuff in it, but it's similar so, you know, it can be sticky and messy. So because I do use my hands to apply it it does stimulate the skin so Really use it on clients with rosacea or acne. My plenty of other masks for them. Some breakouts are okay and you can definitely spot treat with you can spot treat with any mask, you know, you can use two masks on for a client at a time or three whatever you want to do, whatever the clients skin, whatever the client skin needs, but this honey one is yummy and it it's like I said, it's messy but it's so worth it. I really I really I can't say enough. I really love this honey mask. Okay. So now that is it for skin script masks. Those are my favorite ones. I don't know if they're going to come out with more different ones this year, but we will see those are the ones that I use the most. Okay. So now we're going to talk about Lemieux masks and some of these will be for home use I mean on my Use in my treatment room, but you can also use them at home. So the first one is the hyaluronic Shea mask. This is such a great mask you guys it's silky and it's creamy and you can immediately feel your skin drinking in the hydration every time I put this on clients or 95% of the time. I put this on clients people are like, what is that what's on my skin? It feels really good. Like they can just feel how great this one feels. And you can actually use this all over I use it on my clients clients hands for a hand treatment during a facial. But you know, if you this one you can use at home you can purchase for home use. I mean you can do, you know, you can do your own hand treatment. You can do a foot treatment. You can put it on your elbows. It's just I mean, it's like a moisturizer and it just feels really really nice. It's for dry. Damaged or mature skin definitely not for acne has shea butter in it, which is not great for acne, but for everybody else and you will love it. Like I said my clients love it when I put on their skin. Okay, the next one. I see revitalizing mask. This is a clay mask, but not your typical clay mask that makes your skin feel Tight and Dry when you remove it. You can also add a little of o2 calming gel which is It's kind of like an aloe vera gel but much better, but you can add some of that gel to the mask to make it feel even better on the skin it soothes irritation inflammation redness and it leaves skin moisturized and velvety soft. I don't use this one in my treatment room as much as I used to but only because I have others that give me similar results and sometimes a clay mask can be more work. So sometimes I have to think of of time. I'm this is a fantastic one for at home use for acne prone and sensitive skin highly highly recommend and I think the one for at mean this one in the shea butter master like $15 you guys really inexpensive and totally worth it and the O2 calming gel. I actually I have like a full retail size, but they also there's also like a travel size so you don't have to buy like this huge thing of calming gel but that common gel can be used for like sunburns or Kind of burn that you might have or any time you use aloe vera so you might want to have that bigger one too. So you have it on hand. But anyways, OK next one moisture infusion mask if you're feeling dry. This is the mask for you. If you want to pick me up. This is the mask for you this serum infused mask soothes and hydrates dry sensitive and stressed skin. It brightens dull complexions and it minimizes the The appearance of expression lines if it's if you're feeling dry this is going to help if its cold if you put like the mask in the fridge because this is one you can purchase for home use if you put it in the fridge it'll get cold. And then you will get firming results love this one and it's a sheet mask. So in the box there there's for masks and this I actually think you can use each. At least two times and I think these are like $15 or $16 or something. So and you're getting at least twice as much because if you make sure if you use Ziploc The Mask after you used it, then you can put in the fridge and use it again and it's great. I love it. Okay. The next one is the bio cell mask. Now. This one is definitely similar to the moisture and version mask. You are really going to hydrate your Your skin but this is really good for anti-aging. It's really good for fine lines and wrinkles when I was first introduced to this one. I was told that it was great for fine lines and wrinkles and will make you look long lot younger the cynic the cynic that I am seriously you guys. Why can I not talk today the cynic that I am didn't believe it. So I had to experiment for myself. And this was like first year that I was an esthetician I used. It on three different people and only put it on half the face and I couldn't believe the results. It really did soften the imperfections that come with aging. I love this mask for a date night or any special night. I mean are you getting married? Perfect going to a baby shower? Perfect. Are you going out on Saturday night? Perfect. I love this. You can just use this if you were going to work. I don't care but it just it is. Is really really great serum saturated Marine collagen mask that hydrates brightens and improves the appearance of sagging facial Contours. It really does work and similar to the moisture infusion mask I just talked about it also has the box contains four mask, but this one can also be used twice. So yes, you can purchase for at home. I use these in my treatment room as well. Of this for you know, somebody, you know an anti-aging client whatever especially if I know they have something coming up then I can use this mask and then they can reuse it on that night just to kind of boost the results. So it's really really it's a really great one. I've never had anybody not be impressed by what it can do so definitely recommend it. Okay. So the next is the Lemieux there TGIF By firming mask. This is just for the eye area, but it can also be used around the mouth. That's just a bonus use, you know, sometimes their eyes just need a lift and these eye masks will do that for you this cooling eye mask dramatically minimizes the appearance of expression lines, dark circles and puffiness around the eyes suits brightens firms the eye areas while stimulating collagen synthesis. Okay, really really great things if I do? Specific Eye Treatment, I will do these I will put these I'm a saint for my clients. It works. You mean you take them off and this isn't permanent. We're not talking about like for the rest of your life. You're you know, Fine Lines around your eyes are gone. It's not even going to last you, you know a week it's going to last you a few days, but it's pretty amazing and you know, the more that you use it because of all the good ingredients, you know, the longer the results will start to last and then if you're using good Serums and a good skincare routine and then you throw these on top of it. I mean, it's just it's all good. It's all just going to work for you. Okay, next one Hydra as you lean gel mask as I said before I used to masks during most of my facials. This gel mask is one. I use the most the first mask right after extractions is something that I want to be antibacterial calming and something that feels cool on. Skin for clients and this mask is it I don't keep it in the fridge but my clients always think I have because I was like, ooh, it's cold clients. Love it though, because it feels good on their skin after I've been picking at it picking probably not the right word, but you know after extractions and you know, you especially you know, you somebody who has a lot or a lot of blackheads or clogged pores, whatever. This just feels really nice on the skin and it has cucumber and aloe vera and we know those are Great ingredients for healing the skin and I just I can't say enough about this one all skin types can use it and benefit. I have never had an issue with this mask. It's really great for all clients. And like I said, I love it for right after extractions. I go through this one faster than any other mask because like I said, I put it on almost every client. Okay. So now we're going to talk about molding masks not everybody loves these because Our labor intensive and messy but these are different than the other Mass. The other Mass are like cream masks gel or like a sheet mask this molding mask when you apply it. It feels wet and goopy, then it dries and it peels off in one mask from the face. It's kind of cool clients love these and they are fun. Listen. I got my 14 year old nephew a smile. I got a smile on his face. After I did this mask after a facial because he hated the facial of course because no kid likes extractions, but was pretty happy with that mask. He thought it was pretty cool. So, you know, maybe you can make your teens happy with it. Anyways, they can definitely be messy as I said, but I have some tricks that make these just as easy as a cream mask maybe a little bit more work but still easy, you know, I can't do things that are gonna, you know, take too much time. So I had to figure out tricks too. These work but I really like these I used to use more Lemieux did have a blemish mask molding mask. I don't know why they got rid of it. I'm guessing maybe it wasn't a big seller, but I absolutely loved it. I remember when I used it the first time years ago, my client skin looks so good after it's for its for acne clients and you know people would like, you know major breakouts. And I would take off this mask and their skin would look so good and I still have a few applications left, but I'm almost out and like I said, they stopped making it. So anyways, I don't use that one anymore. Obviously. Okay. So the two that I do use one is a moisture relief mask it instantly relieves irritation burning stinging and redness while reducing signs of aging and giving the skin a radiant, Rosy Glow. This is a newer mask. I believe it came out last year, but I love it most masks are hydrating. But some give a little bit more. This is one of them. It just feels good on the skin. And even when I take it off, like it just feels different than the other molding masks masks that I that I use I mean moisture relief is really a perfect name for this one. So yeah, I really like this one and then the second molding mask that I use is the phyto see mold. Unmask this one is packed with lots of vitamin C. And again, you guys know how much I love it. I include this one with the ultimate microdermabrasion facial and it feels amazing. I love that has so much vitamin C in it what I remove it from the face neck and decollete because that's what that facial includes. The skin always looks brighter and more even toned. I've used this on many clients, but not those with Not because we can't I mean vitamin C is great for everybody. I just I haven't I've just used it for everybody else. There's other people who have acne you want to do specific things to really Target the breakouts. Anyways, as I said, it brightens the skin better also softens fine lines and wrinkles love this one and I actually might be doing this one on myself this weekend. It's so good you guys and I mean anything with lots of vitamin C really you Really can't go wrong. Okay, that's it. That's it's a lot of masks. I know that was a lot of information. I know some are similar. I understand that but I like them all in their own way and it's fun to switch things up for clients or they aren't getting the same thing every visit. You know, you have some clients who you know anti-aging is their thing and so, you know, there's only certain products that you're going to use but you kind of want to you know broaden The that your selection so every single time it's not. Oh you're going to get this enzyme you're going to get this mask and blah blah blah like we want to change things up. We want to you know, if they have a date night. I want to be able to do the bio cell mask, you know, I mean if they're feeling a little bit more dry like, you know from this winter, then I'm going to pick, you know, another like the shea butter mask to be really good or that moisture relief mask be really good. So it's just kind of figuring out what their skins going through it. That time changing things up maybe doing something more seasonable seasonal. Like I said with the white peach mask that's you know, fun for spring and summer but maybe not something I would do and December not that I can't but I just wouldn't so, you know, you just whatever all those things you can think about but it gives you a lot of a lot of choices and I like choices when it comes to things for my clients. I think it makes it more fun. So those are all my masks. If you have any questions, you can email me Devin at Pierce conocí. Also, don't forget to follow me at Pierce conocí and visit my website here skin o c.com and then one more thing that I wanted to mention that I forgot. I have a lot of people that reach out to me on Instagram you guys I love it. I promise you I do but sometimes it's difficult. I might forget to go back if I read the other termites. I get to go back an answer or get back to somebody or whatever email really is the best. I'm just get starting. I'm just getting too many and messages from Instagram. So I'm not saying you can't I'm just saying if you if I would love it. If you could send me an e-mail or you can even text me seven one four four eight five five five four zero send me a text message. If you have a question. Those are the the best ways just because how Instagram work sometimes I If you've already read the message, then there's no reminder that you like. Oh you didn't respond and sometimes I forget I do my best but sometimes you know, I wake up in the morning and I have a bunch of messages. I can't always get to all of them. So anyways, I really appreciate it. That's how you could reach out to me. Alright, guys. I hope you guys all have a great week. I'm going to start trying to do the podcast on Wednesdays now instead of Monday's. We'll see how that goes. I'm just trying to juggle juggle it all I am leaving again. On March 17th. I think I'm actually gone for two weeks. I'm hoping to get some podcast ready. So we're not, you know, you know, we don't skip any weeks, so we'll see. I don't know what I can do. Anyways guys. I hope you have a great great week, and I will talk to you soon. Thanks. Bye.