Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the patch no matter what part of the state they called home but something unusual caught his eye Sonny looked closer. The flag was riddled with small holes bullet holes Furious. He stormed up to the nearest SoCal Angel grubby Glen Sunny demanded to know what had happened or his brothers really so pissed about the redesigned patch that they would shoot up their own flag grubby Glenn kept his mouth shut. But Sonny had a secret weapon for making a man talk his fists Sunny wailed. Grubby Glen and soon all the nearby Angels were getting in on the action Sunny kept punching until the SoCal Angels were all on the ground or in the lake. If any one was unsatisfied with his decisions tough luck. Sonny Barger was the head of the Hells Angels and what he said was law. Welcome to kingpins a podcast original. I'm Alistair Mervin and I'm Caitlin honored every Friday. We journey inside the ranks of organized crime rings from street gangs to mafiosos to understand how a Kingpin or queen pin Rises to the top of the underworld and why they fall as we followed the lives of Infamous crime bosses will explore how money and power change them and how it changed the community. Round them you can find episodes of kingpins and all other podcasts Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream kingpins for free on Spotify just open the app and type kingpins in the search bar at podcast. We are grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park has Network. This is our second episode. Oh Don, Sonny Barger president of the Oakland Charter of the Hells Angels by the mid-1960s the hard partying and sometimes violent motorcycle club was loved and hated almost equally cops did tested their Mayhem but both hippies and conservatives respected. The club's strong individualist streak. Sonny Barger grew up poor and neglected in Oakland, California. He tried to find a sense of purpose in the Army but was kicked out for forging his birth certificate in 1957. He stumbled into the Hells Angels. However, unlikely his road to the Brotherhood was being an outlaw finally gave him a purpose in life. Rising quickly through the ranks Sunny became Club president a precarious role when the Angels were gaining a reputation as low-level drug dealers thieves and violent rapists at the same time. They were growing famous in the 1960s counterculture movement as respected drug lords and Partiers, especially after opposing anti-vietnam War protests in 1965. The Hells Angels were a household topic suddenly folks. All across America saw them as standing up for American values. They became modern-day Cowboys. Sonny Barger was growing into his role in the club. He wasn't just the president of a biker gang. He was also an iconoclast businessman. Naturally. He was inclined to capitalize on their Newfound popularity Sonny made quick work of expanding the club in 1966 the first non-california Hells Angels club was founded in Omaha, Nebraska soon motorcycle clubs across the world were petitioning to join the In fearsome Hells Angels sure the Angels were still drug dealers and violent criminals. But Sonny didn't think that prohibited them from running a legitimate business. He officially Incorporated the Hells Angels in the state of California and trademarked their name and logo. Hollywood soon came knocking wanting to take advantage of the popularity of these crass Cowboys Sunny loved the idea of free publicity. But of course that authentic name and logo came with a price tag, one of the first big biker movies was Hells Angels On Wheels in 1967, which was the first serious role for a young Jack Nicholson audiences loved the grittiness and authenticity of the film which Heavily involved the Hells Angels themselves the Oakland Charter were paid as consultants on the movie and sunny even acted in a small role as president of the Hells Angels in his Memoir. He recalled how well Nicholson fit in during filming some angels even took him for a member of another Charter. This kicked off a trend of biker movies that romanticized and valorize the Hells Angels a dizzying slate of films followed including Angels From Hell Angels Unchained Angels DieHard Hells Angels 69 and black angels. The glamour was free and brought in good coin, but Sunny remained focused on the Real Money Maker the Angels burgeoning drug trade. 1967 was the year of the famous Summer of Love when hippies and free Spirits flooded into the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco. They were looking for freedom and free love and of course lots of drugs the Hells Angels had always been prolific pot smokers and low-level dealers, but their encounter with Ken Kesey and his merry pranksters in 1965 introduce them to The hippies did weed and LSD a lot of which was provided by the Angels. But what brought the Hells Angels into the big leagues was phencyclidine PCP for short which the Hells Angels made famous under the street name angel dust PCP was a powder that could be snorted or mixed with tobacco or marijuana and smoked plus it was cheap to make in large quantities in a lab. No need to wait for marijuana plants to grow. Wow. This gave the Hells Angels complete control over the process if they could speed up Supply. Well that meant they could meet demand meaning more money. But the Heyday of angel dust was short-lived hippies took it seeking Transcendent dissociations, but too often got bad trips, which could include hallucinations paranoia and psychosis Sunny knew there were problems with PCP, but didn't want to give up. The stable revenue from selling a lab made drug, so he found the next best thing meth a Shell Oil scientist named Kenny Maxwell taught the Angels everything they needed to know to be successful Street chemists, but just as the Hells Angels seemed on top of their drug lead and World their popularity much like the decade of the 1960's was about to come to an end. The Summer of Love continued through the apex of the famous Woodstock concert in August of 1969 yet one band wanted to make an even bigger mark on rock and roll history The Rolling Stones said about staging their own outdoor concert in San Francisco on December 6th, 1969. Arguably the biggest Brit bands in America. The stones were wrapping up touring for their upcoming album Let It Be Need this conveniently help them. Shoot Gimme Shelter a documentary about the guys the dark though would be incomplete without a big finale something only a huge free concert could deliver the stones were no strangers to the Angels or so. They thought during their 1969 concert in London. The band had mistakenly believed the leather-clad security guards were members of the Hells Angels the stones like the image of being protected. By bikers, so they reached out to Pete Nell president of the San Francisco Hells Angels to broker the deal in exchange for $500 worth of beer. The Bay Area Hells Angels would sit on stage and protect these wimpy rock and rollers, but big finales often require months of planning. The stones had only days when they couldn't get the permits necessary for Golden Gate Park the band scramble to find another location. Then eventually they landed on the Altamont Speedway a car racing track 30 miles outside of Oakland. The speedway was no Woodstock instead. It was full of busted cars and broken glass and there wasn't enough time to build a proper stage. So a smaller one was constructed just a few feet off the ground the only barrier separating the band from the audience would be a thin piece of string. The venue was less than ideal. But the stones hope their fans wouldn't mind but the night before the show the hippies and flower children of San Francisco were Arriving in droves as the band had hoped instead a different crowd camped out getting ready for the next day. They were Rowdy and started drinking. Even the LSD was different when the Summer of Love began drug makers were on a mission to produce pure drugs with the Blissful Highs but as the illegal drug trade grew more vendors jumped in and they were far less scrupulous. Some even added strychnine a poison under the auspices that it would lengthen the trip others laced LSD with speed which made people Over stimulated party is for also mixing booze with acid something. No hippie would condone just a few years before now getting stoned wasn't about a spiritual experience. It was about getting wasted the cocktail of alcohol and acid led to erratic often violent Behavior as the morning dawned on December 9th. A group of Hell's Angels rolled up in an old school bus with their wives and girlfriends, but instead of bringing Um order to the chaos, they did what Hells Angels do best joined the party. Sonny Barger wasn't even on the bus sure. He was looking forward to the free beer and concert later that evening. But December 9th was a monthly officers meeting. Sonny was nothing if not a stickler for Club rules while he and the other senior Angels were discussing business in Oakland things were quickly getting out of hand in Altamonte concertgoers broke through the String barrier during Carlos Santana's set forcing the younger angels to protect his musicians using their favorite weapons Fists by 5 p.m. The sun was setting the crowd was riled up and Sonny Barger was pulling into the speedway with a pack of angels largely unaware of the chaos awaiting him. Almost immediately Sunny knew something was wrong. The stones were due to perform any minute yet. The band was hiding backstage seeing the massive rowdy crowd. They'd hoped waiting out of sight would calm things down Sonny sent his angels to work clearing the crowd back from the stage. They even created another barrier using their own bikes. This was as good a protection as could be offered everyone. You that when you messed with one Angels bike the whole club would make you pay for it sunny and a few other Angels then ventured backstage for a meeting with the stones formalities did little to take off the edge though. The stones were fidgety taking their time and re tuning their instruments stalling the inevitable. Growing impatient Sonny assured them that it was as safe as it was going to get things would only get worse. The longer. The crowd was forced to wait the stones though didn't want to chance their safety. They wanted the angels to a skort them onto the stage Baga bristled at the proposal. He'd come too far to be servile to a bunch of wimpy musicians, but to keep the peace sunny and a bunch of angels took the stage ahead of the stones. a warning to the audience as he anticipated their presence did little to control the angry intoxicated crowd just after the stones took the stage one exhausted audience member lept up from the grass and rushed towards them which just so happened to be the exact spot where the Angels bikes were lined up on stage Sunny spotted a fan kneeling atop one of the Angels bikes he yelled at the guy to get off to no avail. So Sunny jump down off the stage to remove him himself other Hells Angels followed suit abandoning the stage to protect their property. They shoved and punched the audience who responded by pushing back and throwing glass bottles as the music began drugged-out fans kept lashing out at us. Plus woman trying to climb over the front row of the audience and onto the stage while several Angels unsuccessfully pulled at her Sunny hopped back up and kicked her in the head the naked woman dropped with a thud clearly spooked the stones tried to get Sunny's attention. They were going to stop playing but Sonny knew that the music was the only thing preventing a full-fledged Riot from breaking out Sonny pulled out. His pistol and jammed it into guitarist Keith Richards side. His message was clear play or else. The music lurched on as if queuing up the worst part of the night an 18 year old fan named Meredith Murdock Hunter was high on meth and desperate to get a better view of the band Murdock was pushed back from the stage and knocked down by a group of Angels in response. He pulled a pistol out of his pocket and held it out to defend himself a Hells Angel named Al pissarro spotted the weapon. He pulled out a Knife, then tackled Murdock. He stabbed him in the back five times as Murdoch lay bleeding on the ground. The rest of the Angels swarmed his limp body beating and stomping him until he lay dead what Sonny Barger didn't know was that the death of Murdock Hunter would haunt the Hells Angels for the rest of their lives. Coming up the feds put the squeeze on Sonny Barger and the Hells Angels. Hi, it's Kate. I am thrilled to tell you about a new park a show. I'm hosting with my the Dark Side of and political scandals partner Richard. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit. They rise through the ranks toward radicalism eliminating anyone. Stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is their ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving in insight into their rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claim to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its Highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story in the 1960s Sonny bagas Hells Angels held unique status as Rogue Outlaws and pop culture phenomena, but when an angel killed a rawkus concert goer at Altamont all of that changed, it was unclear who to blame for the mess the Rolling Stones the other concert organizers and the police all certainly shouldered some responsibility. No one could deny the famous Outlaw Bikers were most complicit. It was an angel who wielded the Fatal knife Island pissarro was charged with the murder of Murdock Hunter, but he went on to plead self-defense and was acquitted though. He avoided prison time. The Court's ruling on his innocence didn't matter in the court of public opinion. The Hells Angels lost all the public good. Will they had built up throughout the 1960s? They were no longer. Juror viewed as misunderstood individualists. They were murderers and to the police. They were the biggest organized crime threat in California. Sonny Barger would enter the 1970s squarely in the crosshairs of the FBI in June of 1970 his Oakland home was raided by the feds a tip indicated. They might find a big drug stockpile, but that Up dry what did exist in Sunny Bonkers home? However was a lot of guns and unlucky for him California had recently passed the law stating that ex-felons like Sonny were prohibited from possessing certain Firearms violation of gun laws wasn't exactly what the feds were going for but it would do as protocol dictated. They had two infantry his stockpile in that moment the feds caught Caught a lucky break Donald how worth a former mr. America just so happened to be walking up Sony's driveway. He was an empty handed either the suspicious-looking briefcase. He carried contained three hundred and fifty thousand dollars worth of cocaine and heroin naturally the FED searched him not a bad consolation prize. How with was convicted of possession and sentenced For Five Years to Life incredibly Sunny managed to beat the charge. He slid off on a technicality that the feds seized the drugs before they officially entered Sony's home beating criminal charges was a theme that would continue through the early 1970s for Sonny. Even when the evidence was staring the police right in the face. Two years later in January of 1972 Park Rangers outside of Oakland noticed a suspicious site a caravan of vehicles was winding down the mountain roads late one night thinking they might have caught some illegal deer hunters. They attempted to stop the vehicles. That's when all hell broke loose one car careened off the road then tried to run over the park rangers when they approached on foot the other car. Gave chase down the hill as random objects were thrown out of the windows. By the time the Rangers stopped both vehicles. They were sure they weren't dealing with ordinary Hunters, but sure enough inside the car. They found none other than Sonny Barger and a handful of Hell's Angels. But as the Rangers proceeded to arrest the bikers, they heard some muffled noises coming from inside the trunk when the lid was lifted. They found two men bound and gagged inside. Meanwhile the Rangers had backtracked up the road to gather the items that had been jettisoned from the vehicles. They found a handgun shot guns ammunition and a silver belt buckle engraved with the words. Sonny Barger president, Oakland Hells Angels Sonny was arrested a typical open and shut case of kidnapping seemed imminent by the time the case went to trial though. The two men in the trunk had changed their tune. They now insisted that they were willing participants in an innocent hazing ritual. This was a frequent Occurrence at a Hells Angels. Trial key Witnesses would suddenly disappear or change their stories at the last minute. There was little the police could do sure they knew that. Hells Angels were coercing the changes but the authorities didn't have a clear plan to stop such behavior. And without these key Witnesses the Hells Angels would then walk free Sunny bagas clear-cut kidnapping case was reduced to a charge of unlawful imprisonment Barger plead guilty paid a fine and walked out a free man. But Sonny Barger is luck with the law wouldn't last forever. It turns out dead men couldn't testify on his behalf. Just four months later on May 21st, 1972 the police responded to a report of a house on fire in the Oakland Hills. Once the fire was extinguished. They found the body of the homeowner survey row a gyro. He was slumped in the shower with a bullet to the head later that same day to cleaning women found the bodies of Oakland residents Gary Kemp Patrick Kelly Smith and Willard, Thomas. Ought to death in a nearby Home bullets at the scene matched those found in a jar. Oh, it didn't take the cops long to connect the dots a gyro was a known cocaine dealer and Kemp often moonlit as his driver. This was clearly a drug deal gone wrong. The police didn't have to search long for more information Days Later a man named Richard. Eovaldi walked into the local police station ready to tell his story the Oakland Hells Angels were responsible for the murders consequences be damned. Eovaldi would go on the record. Eovaldi had worked with the jaro in the past but on the night in question, he insisted he was only there as a friend Kemp andojaro had The acquired a large Hall of cocaine and we're looking for buyers an Oakland Hell's Angel named Sergei Walton purchased 10,000 dollars worth roughly one-tenth of their total Sergei Walton was also conveniently the right-hand man to Sonny Barger an eovaldi got the sense that the Hells Angels business might not be finished. According to eovaldi Sonny showed up at the house later that night in disguise with a pistol. Oil and a silencer Sonny killed AJ arrow and ordered both angels to dump the body in the shower and like the house on fire then he moved on to Kemp and the rest. Eovaldi was unsure about Sonny's motive, but offered his own speculations. Maybe he wanted to steal the remaining drugs or maybe Sonny felt like the guys had reneged on some kind of deal either way eovaldi insisted that the boss was responsible. That was enough to satisfy the Oakland Police Department. They arrested sunny on charges of murder Interstate dope trafficking and possession of $90,000 worth of cocaine when questioned Sunny insisted that he had never arranged a drug deal with the victims. He'd never even met most of them. He encountered one or two, but only through low-level Mischief like selling them fake IDs plus Sonny had an alibi for the night. The murder sure. He had been hanging out with his girlfriend, but that had to count for something right the police weren't taking any chances. They set bail for Sonny at 150,000 dollars which was way more cash than the Angels could scrounge together. So he settled into the Alameda County Jail to await his trial. While Sonny sat in his cell the California State Department of Justice issued a report detailing the extent of the Hells Angels criminal Enterprise in just over a decade. They had gone from small-time drug dealers to the biggest organized crime threat in the state the state of California felt pressure to make its case against Sonny. They might finally bring down the leader of the Hells Angels, but little did Sonny That the body count had not yet finished. Coming up his fellow Angels turn on Sonny Barger now back to the story. October 30 1972 was the day Sonny Barger stood trial for the murders of drug dealers severo a gyro and his associates earlier that year on that very same day a search warrant was served on a ranch near Ukiah, California a small town north of San Francisco. Was it a coincidence? Probably not the ranch belonged to George whether in and his wife Helen where then had been an Oakland Hells Angel, but since Left the squad. He was looking forward to taking a break from Outlaw life to work the land. But what was buried underneath that land got the attention of the FBI police had been led to the ranch by an Angel named Whispering Bill who had served time alongside sunny in the Alameda County Jail lonely. Sonny had confided in him about some angels business trusting his incarcerated brother to keep his secret, but little did Sonny know that Ring bill was dying of throat cancer. He wanted to spend a few more days as a free man. So Bill made a deal with the police that eventually LED them to dig up whether ins Ranch. And sure enough buried deep under the Earth where the year old remains of to Georgia bikers big Tom Shull and Charles Baker who had been strangled to death. They also found a young woman who had been shot in the head this led to three Hells Angels being arrested on suspicion of murder, even whether an and his wife didn't avoid the storm. They were taken in on our Otix possession and stolen firearms in police custody whether and was frantic and Furious. He been sucked back into the very life. He tried so hard to escape desperate. He did the only thing he could think of he grabbed two pencils and shove them into his eyeballs, whether lived and would even see again, but he knew as he sat in jail he had to do what was best for his wife and his kids. He had to turn State's witness on Sonny Barger. Back in Oakland Sonny was involved in what would become one of the longest-running criminal trials in the County's history and this time with Sonny on the inside onlookers wouldn't be intimidated into silence. But even the best witness couldn't make up for insufficient evidence. There was no murder weapon recovered and a key found in Sonny's house matching a suitcase of drugs was too generic anyone who owned the popular brand. Have the same key even worse the police had undermined their own credibility. There was written evidence discovered that the Oakland Police had traded guns with the Hells Angels in the hopes of reducing the Angels Bail when months of evidence retrieval and witness statements were concluded the jury unanimously found all four defendants not guilty. The feds were pissed so they decided Had to charge Sunny with every other crime they could possibly pin on him given the slew of evidence they collected in their initial investigation and admissions. He'd made on the stand. They had enough to move forward. The charge is mounted to possession of heroin cocaine marijuana as well as federal and state gun charges. Finally Sonny was convicted his sentence 15 years to life. In 1973 35 year old Sonny Barger entered Folsom Prison. He was told he wouldn't be eligible for release until 2002. But while Sonny Barger was serving his sentence the state of California passed SB 42 a law eliminating indeterminate sentences. This included Sony's 15 to life in addition federal drug laws had changed re classifying his former convictions with the new laws and some math. Sonny's sentence was revised to less than the five years. He had already served on November 3rd 1979. 7:40 year old Sonny Barger walked out of Folsom Prison and back into the world of the Hells Angels. Times had changed with Sonny in jail though. The FBI was getting serious about investigating the Hells Angels for more than simple drug crimes, and now they had the help of their new informant George weathering In 1970 the federal government passed the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act better known as Rico. It allowed leaders of criminal organizations. Like the Hells Angels to be prosecuted for crimes. They ordered others to do it also added additional penalties for crimes like murder or arson done in relation to a criminal Enterprise. This would be damning for the Angels. They'd kept expanding. Just as Sonny had wanted them to while he was locked up by the late 1970s. They controlled 90% of the meth trade in Northern California with five Labs dedicated to producing the drug. They made over 160,000 dollars worth of meth every single day in 1979. Just two years out of Folsom Sunny was arrested and charged with drug trafficking prostitution and the attempted bombing murder of two policemen, but just like his prior murder case this trial quickly fell apart due to lack of solid evidence after two mistrials. The charges were dropped Sonny even threw a party for the jurors. Sonny was a free man and had just beaten the same recode laws that had taken down members of New York's Italian American mob, but what would eventually shackle Sunny for good? Would come from inside his own organization. Anthony Tate was as unlikely as informants come he worked as a bouncer at topless bars in Anchorage Alaska in the late 1970s there. He befriended both the bikers and the cops when he was feeling generous. He gave the police tips about criminal biker activity on a lock Tate bet to police friends that he could infiltrate the local Hells Angels Charter the prize a steak dinner and a bottle Of whiskey Tate quickly earned his reward and eventually became an officer in the local Charter which was formed in 1982 the cops passed him on this time to an FBI agent named Tim McKinley. Sonny Barger was McKinley's ultimate Target, but first he had to get his man to California Mckinley partnered with Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms agent Ted baltus. The two agencies didn't normally work together, but the Angels had proved so tough to nail down that they felt the need to join forces Tate's became a walking mole everything. He saw and every word he said was recorded. They communicated with Tate's the same way the Hells Angels communicated with each other pages and pay phones to avoid a tapped phone line. Tate eventually worked his way up the ranks and became West Coast representative this move put him on the radar of Sonny Barger on August 12 1986 to members of the Rival biker gang The Outlaws gun down a Hells Angel named John Webb in Kentucky a long-simmering rivalry that finally exploded Sonny went to investigate and hand-picked Anthony Tate. To lead the charge now McKinley and baltus had to stay patient collect their evidence and hope that Tate's cover would hold on September 29 1986 Tate went to Sonny's house. The plan was to talk Vengeance regarding the Outlaws. But Sonny was indifferent to any plans for Revenge. He knew it was near impossible to find the Outlaws who had killed web. But he did tell Tate that if two Outlaws were involved then shoot two of them and call it even the feds told Tate to sit tight and not be coerced into murdering. Anyone. They were so close to getting the perfect piece of evidence to build their case against Sonny. The patience was rewarded on October 18th 1987 when Tate showed Sunny photos of the Outlaws Clubhouse in Chicago. He then proceeded to explain his plan to put explosives on the roof Sonny responded if that's what you gotta do do it. This was the evidence the feds had been waiting for they pounced on November 10th 1987. The police came to arrest Sonny Barger Sonny was first confused as to why he was being cuffed which grew into a fury once he learned one of his own had ratted on him as Sonny was marched into FBI headquarters He Slipped from his handlers hold just long enough to give one of the ATF agents a swift kick to the knee cap. He would go down swinging but no amounts of flailing blows could stop the inevitable after a Five-month trial Sonny was convicted of conspiracy to violate federal law to commit murder a cell in a Phoenix federal prison and a 59 months sentence awaited him. Sonny was released from prison in 1992. He was 54 years old and recovering from throat cancer his time in Phoenix though meant he was a convicted felon Forever on the government's radar when Sonny got out the Oakland business. He built from nothing was all but dried up too many of their meth Cooks had been busted without sonny as their figurehead a lot of the Oakland Hells Angels had scattered so Sunny decided Stay in Arizona. He like the desert heat and besides California was getting too liberal for his tastes anyway. It would have been easy for Sonny to leave his biker past behind and buy a piece of land like George weather and had tried to do but Sonny had been a Hells Angel for too long. It was the only life he knew and even the risk of another jail sentence wasn't enough to give up that identity. So he started over he reached out to a local biker gang called The Dirty Dozen who had reputation as the largest and most Gang in the state the Dozen had put in a lot of work eliminating rival gangs in Arizona, including the vatos Mongols and Devil's Disciples. They were in total control of the Arizona drug trade and had no reason to accept an outsider into their organization in October 1998 six years after he was released from prison. Sonny Barger was founder of a brand new Charter the Arizona Hells. angels His first order of business was to bring over some old California Brothers to clean house. They kicked out a bunch of The Dirty Dozen members that Barger didn't think were bad enough to be Hells Angels of the 120 original members only 42 stayed 85 percent of them had felony arrest records to this day. The Arizona Charter has the reputation for being the most vicious of all the Angels Sonny Barger was back on top of the Hells Angels his next challenge restoring the angels to the height of their 1960s popularity in 2000 he published his autobiography Hells Angel The Life and Times of Sonny Barger which became an international bestseller he has since written half a dozen more books on The Life and Times of an outlaw motorcycle gang with sonny as the author of his own story he painted the picture of the angels as lovable Outlaws who were the unfortunate victims of government overreach the FBI and ATF would continue to try and Uh, Sonny for gun and Drug offenses, but nothing major would ever stick again. He even made it back to Hollywood in the mid-2000s sunny landed a recurring role on the Angels inspired TV show Sons of Anarchy where he played the role of Lenny the pimp janowicz. It seemed that Sonny Baga manage the most difficult feat of all four from the height of power scrape rock bottom and still make it back to the top. Thanks again for listening to kingpins. You can find more episodes of kingpins and all other Park Castor Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals, like kingpins for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream kingpins on Spotify just open the app and type. Pins in the search bar, and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park cast network will see you next time. Kingpins was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound designed by Trent Williamson with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of kingpins was written by Margaret LeBron with writing assistance by Kate Gallagher and stars Kate Leonard and Alistair murden. Kate here. I can't wait for you to check out a new show. I'm hosting with my the Dark Side of and political scandals partner Richard every Tuesday delve into the minds of some of the world's most infamous and feared leaders in the park has two original series dictators join us as we examine the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them. To seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.