You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was coming here. I I was watching a video and in that video it's about the coronavirus and obviously many people are now very paranoid about this issue of the virus is having you don't need to be afraid of the virus can see you all numbers of death because of that virus is so long compared even to suicide. In fact young suicide is twenty seven point seven times more death than coronavirus Rubino. Yeah, some of that but motherhood so study limo. KCU virus will ins and the Bastion but you have to be aware of what you are capable of doing and often times. That kind of issues are affected by what you are feeling made of that pneumococci began. She John she James and see Peter epic went along Montag. Aha, but you have not been yourself Snopes a bucket. I'm Michelle. I think my sandwich hamburger as I began because I also have seen America are big and you know Paris but it took perineum banca bogus. Someone said why not go for the past three years it along and Banco Sol have been Uncle Lanka even suggest you James and the Macarena a submarine telegraph. I'm Bion called are given out. Hot dog sandwich, they could not pick another hole. So I've been you know, who mohab anima home Arenado hotdogs by tomorrow. So in the Galaxy Peter and by you putting us in your burger too hard, okay. I hope peanut butter sandwich every day to palembang and Trina. Following day came and all of them committed suicide. It's obviously very humble on so during the week because I began yanmega a bigger your mama gonna go supposed to send you no money games. Oh, Hot dogs Anna in they gonna chop it up bone and a hot dog. Okay. All right. Yes and yeah someone in your Indigo mind in the any shall nominate people pernambuco Nia looking at problem, you know. I'm just damn it. How am I feeling these things? That is something I want to share with you you have to you don't have to remain undefined. You have to understand that you are capable of being the boss of your emotion beeping. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we should not allow our emotion to this to destroy US market he Is that emotion is not our boss you are the boss. So you boss you're emotionally side must have to be mom you boss your emotion. Now I love you. Recently. We had the study about the one thing of Jesus and in that one thing he gave us the most important commandment and this is what he said. You must love the Lord your God with all your heart all your soul and all your mind. This is the first and greatest commandment. What have you realize about this? Son of you except when I read this I began to really understand that our God is a God who has emotions God wants because he loved me posted. Table when we Comes to Love and being loved Elena and ruling apparent feelings La Jolla there. It is a decision involves your emotion involved. Cheryl intellect involves a will is having her with all of your heart with all of your soul with all of your mind now box in Navi Mumbai and uuid and soul if in don't be the boss of him Bibles have any Jesus, my soul is deeply sorrowed to the point of death. So it has something to do the very emotion of Jesus Christ. Okay. It don't begin. The tour is something that we should remember now. Our God is emotional. He didn't show young people. I know how you parent. Oh Joshua the chelation. Oh, yes emotion. In fact number beside him Bible. So I've been in Bible. We are created in what in the image of God never we were created in the image of God. And since God is has emotion. Obviously we do have emotions parents have been in by below the Lord the god the Lord the Lord God compassionate and gracious. In other words slow to anger abounding in loving kindness and truth. It involves emotion. Now, even the spirit of God the holy spirit's having a Bible do not grieve the holy spirit of God. So I've got do not grieve generous me feeling sure the mere fact that he can be grieved Amy Parham done come apart. and you boy appreciation It's good. I'm to blame you. I know your mother home. Casa para el llanto, hanayo. Oh, thank you Sarang. I'm a joke, no pigment when you're at it don't begin a tree Spirit on the subject. Do not grieve the holy spirit. So what God is telling us is this since we are created in the image of God. We are created with emotions. Can God is love and he overcame a caliper. Look at one time get those feelings never was in my pocket. Oh my God. Now listen to this that emotion is God's gift regalian and just imagining in Ali Baba Wawa Prince de Rohan. Anybody wala wala akong feelings nagulu touka. That was the elect my part of my you combine both the system. Sorry. Hey, well, I'm mrs. Cohen has a Manila Philippines talk. No. No, no, no, no, don't forget your ass. Don't go little Hopper. Little bit off Sophia beginning of a new hood Peters of the toilet as I was feeling exactly what's going on with the movie. I was so blessed because at least I can feel when they let me know if I look at them boy in apparently see gorillas so none. So, you know, I don't know then I've to actually exchanged when it comes to emotion you have to identify this two enemies Kissena Park important between and yeah, I know you control these mmm. And again, these are people who are so slow We compare them. They have no parents feelings doesn't matter of do not matter. What is more important is your intellect the madaba GC bumbling Ian. Don't be bothered about your feelings. That's not real. You should not focus on yourself and your feelings Indian to talk again the other I don't know man The Other Extreme is emotionalism it emotionally support everything about feelings Rebecca. Let's move on to some other Gatherings like this. This you know, how you become dominant? What do you believe God is there but when I was just extremely extremely extremely is also true even in our in the ministry is also true in the worship service. It is also true wherever you go in school, very privileged and around the vanilla Young. Against all week, but I'm gonna punch you both extremes and often times when you grow up, you will realize something and above us are one of the last of my emotional Pashto weeks. You're not going to get a bit of emotional downtown as I woke up. I would have grabbed them and then another which has gone. Okay, okay. My goodness, so but I'm telling you this we're not supposed to be emotional too much emotional or to store week. Now listen, especially for you guys as young as you are now that your amygdala is being developed and the onion human decision-making. Nothing is often times influenced by our feelings and say matagalpa - a guru but by the age of 25, dude Kappa long tolokonnikov the development of Towing kibou an otaku, Indeed even the 49 different ball. Normally generally speaking 25 years old Boone area. May I challenge you and me I think about encourage you don't ever make major decisions during your early years and in deeper bumbu, you increase eponymous a dramatization feelings calumny woman my age that age, Pregnancy because they make decisions. Now what happened a little piggy. Is it number 11? Everything was just dependent on their feelings. Never bottom but appearances. Are you my boyfriend 15 years old to serve people abenomics, but I know. haha marketing lat Muhammad al-amin but he has happened. I want you to understand about this issue of emotion can see you most people were destroyed because of this in fact chimerism bargain a department in and about God he wants us to make use of our emotion wisely objectively. In fact God blessed us with these feelings. God bless us with this gift. Yeah. He even gave us a book like job Like some sort of Solomon's just to show us that God is very much involved in God is concerned about how we feel about business and young Sam Cochran and that they were expressing the love to God. They're expressing the frustration number. They're expressing their anger the bitterness against their enemies the not by important intro chem panel. And why do we need? The boss our emotion particular nothing he manage internal trauma, but instead of this emotion dictates to us what we have to do something in your teeth or who not gonna if we do not boast our emotion for sure. We will end up into a severe Affliction Living God. If you don't boss your emotion, it will lead you to a severe affliction. Sabina begum may be paying the Miranda man. So remember the word pain they have emotions should be managed because it is not predictable. Now, how can we talk emotion? For example, there was a woman and let me just read it to you habit of emotions are so unpredictable. They are not a great thing to base your life on in other words don't ever rely on that feelings. Why when we left and you're going to get to know when we left the UK? To the Australia to Australia, we had to leave our goldfish behind every week. My grandmother would run a bath and let it go for a swim put company leaving gold piece spinner in is a bathtub and one of these times she run the bath and put the goldfish in and it went nuts as in splashing around and jumping out of the water. She couldn't stop laughing. She called my grandfather said Bob come. Never look at this silly goldfish. He run in and had a look and said something like of course his jumping in and out of the water. You silly woman. You run the hot water on to wash it in one of these there is even a real Asian para la Luna Paula. Hey beanie, little anxiety about doing nothing. You see friends. Our emotion is not that reliable. It's so fickle, especially for those who are too Moody never parent, you know soccer mom have what they need any man. Mr. McGee gonna contact good. Emotion changes and typing on a bible church and angling them Bible and open fire personally. The reason why I would always read this because it brings me to the right perspective in life. And it amazes a Bible. It was only this book that bill explains what really what is really going through? In our hearts because he psychology just cannot explain it. No, if they have the discipline of trying to study all the behaviors of human being but still they could not explain what's really going on within now in terms have been a Jeremiah the heart is more deceitful than all else. Is he became a guru K. Oh, hi now paramita mannion Bible, you will never read the word emotion in the Bible or very rarely being used there that that medical term often times. The term is passion. Affection or heart or Soul the carthaginian. So something at the heart is more deceitful than all else. So it has something to do with feelings and is desperately sick who can understand it. We have a no get me a parent. It's very unpredictable it Diva Indian. Yes. I've been Bible. You need to be careful never to rely on your feelings, especially when you're making decisions bucket, Cocina. Uncle Bob will you in don't get myself out of it and just for you to know because if Marlene came along you think about yeah, he hitting you better he popped her and Danny Kenickie tankiness all I'm saying. nothing more Go ball, go have begun the underneath wa Criswell, you know, whenever I look at my wife sometimes I want to eat her because I love her so much. And sometimes I would I would say to myself how I wish I have eaten her extremely extreme Pago Pago. He's having a Bible be very careful. You know, why most people do use this issue of emotion in the decision-making in fact as young as you are making it a unit or sometimes when you buy things people will manipulate your feelings. They will try to use your feelings to make you decide they were that we learn they will you Scholars. Packaging the advert this man that you would feel the power. I need this. They are passing a number that are you when we see for a hot dog or hamburger hotdog your be even be Viagra, but I don't think that you pocket about to move to lube and get ya. What do you think? I cannot live without mishap Lupe Sheboygan? Your feelings are based on your feelings and impulse buying. Get the goddamn meeting and only to find out a no big lamb Mikasa. Atika. See the the health benefits in the Bashar don't got no car and then they can't be gone for six years old. He cancels a kidney. That's the dignitaries know what went wrong linear in interview. Shh and the Marquis De Mo. Do you eat bacon hot dog processed foods are processed meat whole life is Bake a big contest life. So now you're dying from the Moon apparent. But thank you. But in the end it leads to death. Friends. Remember this don't ever make decisions just based on your gut feeling or feelings. Umaga Asawa are in London - a good car in La Mancha boyfriend What feelings of young Popeye pollutant can see me sir? But Nikita and Owen Indian love. Again Tamara trick, you don't allow your emotion to dictate to you. You always go back to the truth parent come because exam but exam Khanna or 12 times 12 144, the I feel 120 guide and about feeling more Molly perineum. Okay. Yeah. Now you people insane asylum. Are you following don't rely on your feelings don't always put everything together your heart your soul your mind telling us how Malakian you know why we need to bust this emotion because it has a great tendency to be so assertive PPP region. It will control you it will It will make you to be his slave to be its Lahey bunk the parent go on to live in your parents happiness are your parents they took away most of them. They have a mission to come here to low demand more. Tomica in songyang normal you need to manage it because it's very controlling feelings are very controlling. Yes. I've been in Bible if you cannot manage if you are like a city and open City with no defenses in the man with no checks on his feelings. Well her husband died, but now I am who I am or you become defenseless. If you lose control, you become defenseless too many people blame us Alexander the Great Famine Le Alexander the Great conquered a lot of city, but he could not conquer himself. In fact one time his friend said something to help him think properly the garlic the garlic no, no garlic in you again, sir. You see but that's inhibiting a begonia. And I'm like, no, you know, no matter you can dig and yeah, and after after realizing that his old his friend from beat from Bojana from Boyd or childhood friend your crappy number time. We used to get ready, but I'm sorry Lydia. Because he wouldn't control. Well, I'm controls a city and this is something that you should remember there is a spiritual realm whether you believe that or not there is a spiritual realm who understands that our emotion is so assertive that he can make use of it to control us, especially negative feelings. Alumni akasaka Papa soaking in the feelings. Like I'm not important now in the of They nobody cares for me. Nobody loves me because of my looks are getting an acquaintance of a mere price on a mission didn't intend Danny Collins upon my 19 year, but I don't wanna I hate myself Mima gandiva the for anything again. I'm sorry bucket back again, because I'm ugly who did the pathway. You see feelings do not think but if you will just stop and listen to your own words, you would be surprised who mono and become inconsistent, but it manages you and telling you Indica important a lock on a man and a woman. I intend Ian papandreou in debugging importante. Is he being like Anthony Padilla killer very beginning. Now. You see Lanka has someone doing it all locking torn and Magoo Longmore at Uncle. My neela Andy young healer. Yeah. Let me let me know. Out what - I'm gonna need a massage with my potowa cauchy distribution. I say nothing wallet can a poor parenting teach children honor the photo album The Ninja Marty. I don't know what I mean. My feelings are correct. No feelings is very assertive and Satan will take use of that too much. Magnify the negative emotions that will destroy you. Look at this. This is the reality of the spiritual realm the perhaps. Some of you are not even aware of Simon Bible be self-controlled. Look at the word self-controlled you manage your boss your feelings and alert. Why because your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour now, let me of when I was younger. Also the same struggle I have the same struggle me, but you mocha co-parent pimples delegating Metate long. Look at your kite name. Are you thinking Mom? But the key thing so much something up pictures now now Pakistan resolution. He keeping McConnell Connell Union you imagine a jump? So Sabina noise, she couldn't I go home. Well it proved to everybody you want to be loved you want to feel accepted by you want to prove to them that I'm worthy of your acceptance and Satan, which I know nobody cares about you. Everything about mahama Purim thinking we might be bigger more make boyfriend Aiko. My girlfriend he comes busting my who Gupta laughing you're a magnifying a union to match the control you to control you because that feeling that we are all aware mnemonic on me. Didn't you a couple how your parents would try their best? To provide everything that you need bringing your sending you to a good school so that you would have a future. Yes. They may be so busy to talk with you because they're trying their best to provide for you. You may not understand that they care for you much for so much obviously because he didn't have to eat any of these are imperfect people too. But you are so important and if you still don't still don't believe that just remember there was someone who left the comfort of Heaven to come here on Earth just to die on the cross for our sins because you are so important to God. But inevitable someone important. Okay, welcome back pop and you will have this a bulldog and Damone you're using your emotion. And you know why that's why God wants us to understand that this emotion is an instrument to please God. It's an instrument to please the Lord in you some bug in a pair of how if you will not use that emotion in a right way as an instrument of God for enough for for for to glorify him. Obviously, you would be in pain kept in model a sheet of emotion with using it for ourselves Wildcat meeting before the Lord. - I've been on Bible Malgus have been a Bible doobie doobie controlled by human nature results with are you still there? If you are controlled by human nature is a Civic death isn't yet to be controlled by the spirit results in life and peace those to obey the human nature cannot work, please God now throwing out the year.i Me 0. So, yeah, you cannot please God now it amazing some feelings when Jesus Christ was trying to explain this to understand that this Will my control you entertaining Siberia? If anyone comes to me and does not hate his own father and mother and wife and children and brothers and sisters. Yes, even his own life. He cannot be my disciple. Whoever does not carry his own cross and come after me cannot be my disciple what he was saying is this if there is someone else more important to you based on what you felt because it is not just about a feelings or affection. It is the totality of what I'll show you what what what they what direction you what makes you decide. There are often times our decision to pray don't do those. We are influenced by the people are very close to us our parents the mother and the father. Wife children brothers sisters. She's even our own self and it's happening. Just did you give up be my follower? You can you cannot consider me your lord entering a young Lord that though. He knows everything. So he understand what's best for us and the papaya now Tiempo. Kagame. Can he eat don't hate the Hindi Tamil Telugu? Kannada Malayalam when they it in fact, he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me. You love son or daughter more than me. Is that worthy of me? And I didn't you just have began the issue of hate or love is that whenever you make decision it tastes the full control is not your feelings, but God not your affection, but God. Not wanting you. Okay, bye-bye. And a Google at Ko. Miho. Last week we discuss about sexual Purity service. And as I Was preparing Yahoo! Nokia as ugly as I was and I am. Moran Billingham Pokegama Limon, Ebola Miranda it's been actually appeal. All right here and sometimes as I was looking back I would cry and say God. Oh, wow, one market. Because sir, is it co I was just doing it because I want myself to be happy. But in reality as I was looking at people who got whose life got destroyed because of me R&D Palomas Aryan. in the planet Ohio: Hey, ho fucking easy, but I've been indoors I care for you so much. And I don't want you to experience this unnecessary pain. Yeah, that must be your emotion must be as used as an instrument to glorify God. And obviously it depends is an opportunity. We don't want our effort to be not as in identity bubbling bubbling sighs. Hi. We don't want our effort the efforts of those people. Who helped us because nobody in this world wins by himself. Okay. Well totally totally mm. I'm a self a self made man little your own now how gallon of syrup and I'm calling himself me now. She's having a self-made I worked hard for my study. I really provide for myself as in I was working for my food working for my tuition fee working, but I'm not opposed down. But I cannot still say that I am a self-made man back 89 you suffer chronic belong since every one of us is born a winner because I might have to be more you're a born winner while I've been and of Madonna rubber already told her I feel so I feel that I'm a loser what company will have done everybody's born winner back across a meeting in and out of 500 million salmon. medical science Tapas medium Baba a mere puncturing defense mechanism him the power of Hindi Salma stomach a Passover Cinema intruder. Because I hadn't met so see you. Adam Adam David Ison and Brian De Palma but ending Lebanon lachen, but gotta pause after nine months of struggle that monk support the American syllabus bedroom coast and dr. Cameron. They don't poach them on my Golem, but he could be in it. Meanwhile, of course. Come on Captain Thomas awarding Puma Busca and I've done drowning. Baba bucket you won you evil bastard, Paula? Hui the nunn-lugar boy Are you XXX triple time? I know but I mean defects the seeming the Indie completo that will let me lick which eats a banana brain must have been be like a competition. But he still won now it is now your chance or your responsibility to keep on winning. Are you following? Okay the man in England, he struggled me Nick which eats he was struggling with him. How can I marry I don't even have a limb. How can I how can I hold my hand hold hang of my with my girlfriend you mahogany paneling? No, because feelings feelings. She standing, you know, you're not worthy of anything. So he wanted to commit suicide but eventually he realized they come on Amelia who? All of these efforts the people supported me with the love of my parents are supporting my friends. I don't want to end it with nothing and fight it out. Taiana Matheny way insha the Hindi Hindi Commander Anna's and boxer for Boxer thingy Shannon Adonis myself, not anything about Scenic beaches. I could be going around I said you wanted a nice and yeah, yes, even two houses. Maybe she's swimming pool table at the bully. We were watching Canyon. Thank yo. Grab me one too. Then when he preaches and seen and Domino jeans and everybody was even clamoring to hear him. Why because he won. And don't allow your feelings to destroy all of those that say the moment you allow your feelings to manage you that feeling can destroy you and everything and get on the 19th Amendment or do you know this guy? Well our NASA alcohol and yeah, I see malraux Malang Santos. He's a very well. I know renowned painter cartoonist and killing sobre at and you know, nonviolent, but you love me in Fine Arts. So should we check in again? And you know now you may say religion building justification City, but they must have been written about Mana animal and a few buildings elevator building a and paralympians. But yeah, I never allow my mood to dictate to be what to do in my life. I paint whether I feel it or I don't feel it. Hindi movie besotted how long gone and put my son are you from Ghana will have some good macaron you go young feeling smug dictates how you see Sarah and Canyon do not allow your feelings to dictate to you what to do. Even I as a pastor if I do feel like praying I pray if I don't feel like praying I pray no one else if I don't feel like studying I keep on studying if I do feel like studying all the more I study even the feelings. Not tell me what I should do. Well alarm code Ava wasn't that button covid-19 and it's not based on mood. Okay, how about Mara me some new uniform for the power of the mood. It will never come. Because the moment you act on it shall be any person Peter motion follows. What emotion just do what is right here. What most are young guys have been in Bible people get lost and died because of their foolishness and black of what self good Throne. He didn't have no control. You mean feelings Illini and a lot to Let It Go. Wow. It's a frozen Lang Yan. Hello. Hello. I am just having any people any Peter from now on. You must leave the rest of your Earthly lives controlled by what God's Will and not by human desires hug bucket Politico it will cause you pain if you do not boss your emotion and don't know how can we boss how to boss an unwanted feeling, but I do not think that going in. I just want to give you four practical ways. Just remember the word boss. I'm a boss. Boss forwards First beginning remember the word beginning second objection. Say it with me objection word submission. What I call it submission and Spirit-filled illiterate, and I only got them boss. B beginning Let beginning quindi Malala dinging. All right, and I think I'd end my tire beginning babaco indicates emotional. That was sober beginning objection submission and Spirit-filled now, why is that necessary now? Imagine word beginning when you are feeling Pumping when you feel down when you feel like you don't want to do anything. You just want to just stay and you're on your bed you want just to sleep. The specifics are even more. Why am I feeling like this? Well this feeling coming from unless you identify what you are really feeling. You cannot address that feeling properly mccadden entire. For example, just be mother and a more Elite in the bucket. Or because of I just feel hungry and tired. So Indian feeling Gautam catalogue and they come on Inga Me by calcium feeling Union Drive, you being hungry being tired, you know guys, maybe even a demand more Angry irritation, you know identify more. Where is that coming from how it all started? I'm feeling like I want to give up I want and so I feel so depressed the name of wine. Why are you depressed? When it All Began Eva with their Municipal bar, so I should thank identify so that you can address it properly because they can see the be any opposed. I panicked piloff. Oh my golly. I didn't mean makka moo. Okay. I'm not unpacking it's arcing. Pimples marami began. So what kind of Allah and Issa I don't think it's working. Now, you will be noticed you will begin to notice something well as securing bang it NASA / googly. So will I kneel and gun Thug and an apparent me punk Miss Universe tapestry gland Academy and more and more. Billy covid gigs I and yeah. We were turned off. Well, I'm quitting you come into my lab has to be big, you know must person. Ah. Now I love making us having again. I shall be no Baba. God my God look like son. I think I solved. Let me know like that. Meanwhile you Patina DACA. What can I and what can I do? Wow, everything is fine. Everything was just based on plan until one day the greasing lelaki. No, Allah, you may just but I'm gay. We just go the it will be parents again not kissing him Baba. Hey, what's wrong? What happened? Cute good night, Daddy. Why bother but people subbu more getting back to whoa boys laughing happen seen a parent of our land and Ghana the person you man. It's not on the outside for the longest time. I was complaining to God about myself. Can you imagine I just give you a little anecdote about my experience one time? I was invited to speak in one company and I didn't know that my best friend at a gauche investment one of my friends. Was also invited Edco alarm so pass on gang so I've been nominated think you say. Pretty par in a monster because they want to see now be an invitation card. I really wanted to surprise you sadness at him. So he's getting a second particle Takashi. I don't need no Shannon Campbell Co so I've been going on we all get nervous. I get excited to make a long story short. I got to use that thing. Everybody was saying Guapo Guapo. So what about our program and we had this you get our economy my exhibition games about Barrios among the town's so we have this special exhibition game normally solitary. When I was younger group are in basketball so because you use my car para in the Mahabharata. Cool the replica me, but the thing about 13 or 14. I don't talk to him at all. At least consistent data so sad because I Lord no in the kennel. bucket you aluminum nippies beginning in covid yellow I'm opening it up Lana. No, you're wrong. You are fearfully and wonderfully made. Yummy. Lumo is she been mumbling Tatiana counting unborn but not So what he was trying to say is this so I've been indoors is sleeping with oh unknown per person along. What's the point of having a very sharp nose and yet you could not breathe easier. Now you ask yourself. What is the real Beauty? Now this is the amazing part. Without insulting my friend. I thank God none maraming Jordan Champion that are not in the Lord is sustaining him. They did amazing guy get to a local Indian colony when I'm walking away. Why is he funny? Understand your beginning. Why am I feeling like this? Secondly, there are it amazing. It is having a Bible. I am restless in my complaint and securely what this truck and confused. I am distracted. I don't know what's going on as long as you're confused. You cannot deal with your issues because he confused sky. Thoughts are being an example by Muhammad. I know but then I will give him a stone means put the Puma Papa. I understand but remember I know the landed mama and you're wrong my love another Pokemon. Mahalo. Hold on, but the about and Ito. Now in America wow, but I'm in town because they could not identify what's going on they would just allow their feelings to tell them what to do no you begin you think of where it all began try to identify it and deal with it accordingly then if you identify if you have to object as in challenge it challenge it abandoned more pocket camo No, it's happening. Sasame is not really that young param dhama paramam misinterpreting your it's trivial but you have to object a previous examine Me O Lord and try me that's my mind in my heart. I need to know then look at this. Then when David also experience some form of sadness. Look at how he challenged himself some. Yeah. Why am I discourage? Why am I my heart so sad? No, I would put my hope in the Lord to the house up. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Suddenly now why am I so discouraged? Why am I so sir? Trust in the Lord, but you have to physically man. I really took our house shopping with us, but I think that her blood in the league has a mental hospital with what you're feeling but blessing blessing MO. Why don't you just put your trust in God? Why did you begin to take God? Are you following? Welcome boyfriend. I'm gonna buy think I met my boyfriend Jacob. I'm always Super Soaker. People purpose a lambertian. Cinema Mia sobbing Mia. Maybe perhaps God is just protecting you and spitting you from trouble. If I don't know you Lucy Swindle same Lord. narrow by bed and widen my world not everyone has that opportunity came up as in your garden, you know Latino is a 43 knowledge Marine same thing. He was telling themselves don't ever rely on your feelings as in challenge it. I'm going to turn it on turn on long. Do we have to hit him high and house officially removed. Do you have friends who can really tell you what's wrong with you and tell you what your blind spot you need to have those friends you real friends and you have been Ebola in French. You can open up without judging you're condemning you. I love me a good yourself saying you if you cannot find one you join Elevate you will find one. Price we group all over but the moment you begin to hurry to know them you begin to realize who they really are. You will be surprised. These are real friends friends who would not condemn me friends who would not put me down friends who will try to lift me up. But if any of them but the joint guy in the time to destroy you you could go in dealing she doesn't want a brody toe and damodar me now. I want to know Captain Jung Shi job Mary. Any first kind of therapist I can understand your warriors your heart carried you away. And why do your eyes flash? We will shall be so when you challenge her emotion bring it to submission. Do not allow yourself to submit to your feelings, but natural feelings submit to your objectivity because Indian okay bring it to submission to God and savior case, I believe another poll have this attitude in yourselves, which was also in Christ Jesus. yes but fucking some people seek Jesus with all the pain subject to the the point of deeply sorrow that subpoena Lord if possible let this cup pass by me but not my will but your will be done let me tell you something kiddo worker conditions are some it's an error on the man he submitted to God but how can you do that be Spirit-filled be Spirit-filled Serbian and Bible the indeed the quranic ayat and humble guy but but but God Spirit can do it that's happening Bible when the Holy Spirit controls our lives he will produce what kind of fruit in us love joy peace patience kindness goodness faithfulness gentleness and self-control who are not good gir holy spirit will give you Joy the holy spirit will give you what patients well and set happened by and also toland and come cognate Barbossa any more comments now preaching I happened to be no more pizza and pasta I don't focus on them I focus on my king Because I have an audience of one. I am an audience of official action Salim. I'm not here to please anybody. I'm here to please my God, and I'm here just to tell him to to be used by him Paris. Are you whoever so Hindi Amala increase the hardness it even more people start until we find in any book now before I end before I am, I want you to hear a testimony of how emotion Billy brought her to pain but how the Lord has inspired her from further destruction of herself. Let's welcome see at the power supply managers senior managers and I'm struggling Banks and McCarthy see Mom. Raveena Reyes Mendoza. good afternoon at age 11 I started attending Bible study my mother and I used to attend services in a Christian Church in cubao during those years I was blessed attending to Gatherings a Christian service and also the traditional Church where my parents grew up with sad to say the seed planted in my heart did not grow mature I went on living on my own and following what my heart desires this is despite God's goodness in her family and to me personally As I obeyed my emotion. I got pregnant at the age of 22. I thought I experienced true love the feelings were real. I felt the joy of being taken care of. I felt the hole in my heart filled up by being with someone I gave in to whatever feeling of love I had with my boyfriend then I end up pregnant a year after I graduated from college my parents were against our plan to get married. Despite my being present. Pregnant but I fought for our relationship. I did everything I could just to make sure that the marriage will push through I even forged my parents signature to get a marriage license when my parents could not do anything anymore. They gave into what I wanted. They had no choice, but to attend our wedding. I was in Cloud Nine emotionally until realities of storms in marriage started to blow the storms were sudden, but a vegetable imagine two different immature individuals with different personalities and with Mark characters living in one house it was hell this reality hit me so hard I could not take it in the long haul the feeling of being unfairly treated led me to end the relationship perhaps because of my immaturity he had to womanize left and right he also ended up irresponsible we separate dated after nine years when our son was diagnosed with a chronic brain disease a disease without cure at age 12 my son was bedridden for two years and eventually passed away last April 2016 during those years of ordeal and for whatever reason my husband did not lift a finger to help I felt he did not care a bit I was so angry and my heart was full of bitterness I even filed an abandonment case against my husband and I wanted him to suffer that he would feel what I was feeling. I even consulted a witch to inflict pain on him. I was really angry at him in spite of my intermittent attendance here in CCF. I could not help myself getting depressed when I lost my son. I was on the verge of giving up. I was getting crazy every morning before going to work. I would cry for about 30. Minutes and I also cried before going to sleep. I was physically emotionally and spiritually so exhausted until one day. I woke up sensing the need of the Lord Jesus. I surrendered my life to him. I started to regularly attending CCF Services. I joined a d group then the Lord challenged me to lead my own de group in which I did then I started serving the lord in exalt Ministry the Lord indeed took. and saved me from the pit of pain and fire of sufferings he embraced me with his love and grace he delivered me from pain he replaced my bitterness anger and depression with joy and forgiveness I surrendered my emotions to God and he gave me the power to boss my emotion I am Ravenna Mendoza I was once a follower of my emotion and but now a committed follower to Jesus to him I give all the glory and honor her respect oh damn damn it Papa suck it mom papa mama drama I'm challenging you don't allow your emotions to destroy you I know buzzing boss your emotion how by giving yourself to God because being the child of God God gives you the power over your emotion are you following I see Shamu King of Kings begin principal Khanna They will this airport you can control even your tongue because nobody sometimes what we are saying to ourselves what you say to people who are the Believers Arabic you can control not only your your time but even the meditation of your heart. Can be pleasing to Jesus now the challenge is this LMAO didn't you ask? I don't know. Oh expose this as a bargaining scripture exposure, but he never allowed Jesus. She never allowed Jesus to control her. Okay, you need a challenge. You want to control your emotion. You want to bother emotion then you first be submitted to the real boss the creator of the heavens and the Earth who came could die it for you and me that we might again regain the authority that God gave or that the God all the God as in foreordained before he created everything mesenchyme yeah you rule the world if you can rule the world you can rule your emotion Guardian like not anymore publication I don't exactly know what you're going through in life but you know somehow deep within your heart there are some form of struggles within you in your feelings sometimes you don't even feel accepted accepted by God you feel like Lord and got mobile home so the mechanic as a man you know what that I have a good news for you there was even someone who is really worse than you he was a terrorist he was killing people who want to follow Jesus and yet Jesus accepted him and used him to expose to spread the good news that there is someone who truly cares killing a chassis Polly get don't everything that God has already given up on you he will never give up on you but I know are you giving up on him come him come if you are tired of being bossed by your emotion if you are tired God is telling you and I will give you rest there is only one boss that you should serve take my yoke upon you take my yoke upon you for my yoke is easy and my burden is light Kyoto boss who owns that yolk and it's giving that to you if you want to submit yourself to him you just say Jesus I come and accept your invitation and as I've been enjoying learn from me for I am humble Indie you see God also is that if you come and learn from him he will give you rest in your souls will you accept Christ's invitation for you to come to be your real boss so you can boss your emotion father God I thank you that you know everyone in this room and I just pray Lord Jesus do not allow them to leave the place without really experiencing your reality experiencing father God your power and your rulership but the gonna get thank you for giving us this opportunity to understand that this emotion is really a gift from but it must be used only for you thank you God in Jesus name we pray amen God bless thanks for joining us we'd love to stay connected with you so make sure to subscribe to our podcast or connect with an elevated group through our website see you at our next podcast