Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one they didn't say it was I was kind of shocked to make it everything kind of happened so fast, so it was thought that was very much. Like, how did I get here? I think for real. I was so nervous everything about it everything about it made me very nervous. And now this time around I'm more confident and more sure of Myself and everything like that. I mean you kind of had to reset after each cycle to and I said, I've done a pretty good job of after the Olympics kind of resetting my focus after London what kind of hard going straight back into college something and then after real was kind of different because it Am I still going to do this? Like I was on showing that I was going to keep some of them out. And so when I decided that I wanted to I kind of talk that you kind of like he's back into I think that helped me for not just that year, but four years out. Yeah, you said something interesting. You said you were shocked to make you first one. How old were you and what was it like preparing for that? Why were you stunned by the eye so I only started open water and 2010. So I literally a couple test case onto my boat at the time and I was still pretty aren't aware of. Like the qualifying process is just a little different than cool. So mean you qualify this summer before so would have been 2011 World Championships. Always there wasn't there for the tempo therefore the 25k. So when the two girls did a make the top ten and the 10K the two US girls I didn't realize we're going to have another National to pick another qualifying race. And so when it happens, I was like, oh sweet kind of happened so fast and I would not but I was just very like la-di-da about it and then all of a sudden I was in London like yeah. That's awesome. And then you did well in London to write. Yeah, ended up winning a silver medal. So it was all very exciting very sort of unexpected and it took me years to kind of like like kind of take ownership of that like I felt very insecure about very like I don't know. It's also happened with like my first just national team in general. Like I made the pool team in 2009 and I felt like I didn't belong so kind of sort of that like do I really did I really do this and so it took years to be I guess I thought I did it like that's me. That's mine. Wow, that's really interesting. Is that was it a close race in the end for the gold medal? How close was it between goal? So yes, it was just a couple tenths from the couple tenths off of gold. So in a trauma race when it there's like multiple times and it comes down to come down to the Finish. But yeah, just a couple times from winning a gold medal. Wow, that's incredible. You swim for two hours. It comes down to a couple of tenths since what it was like for me. I I swam for 22 seconds. It came down to a couple of tenths, but that was more. Understandable that that's great. I mean you come from swimming family to write your mother was a swimmer and then your sister was also at the same Olympics and she won a gold medal in the relay. Correct wall. So your mom sent through college and my sister both my older sister. Very very pretty big fun family. So was it ever a question that you were going to be swimmers or did you have did you have the choice growing up or was it something that was like you were just thrown in the pool? And you're all good at it. I mean we did have the choice like we were found in the pool. Like I literally was like video proof of me being pushed in the pool because there's one summer I didn't want to do it. But yeah, we also have growing up. Both we also did a lot of other sports. So it was never just I didn't start focusing solely on swimming until High School. I would always do another sport. So I think I've had so many sports as you can in my skater for a while, but we would always swim as well. Yeah, it was it was it friendly competition with you and your sisters or how what was the family Dynamic like at that time? So my older sisters 13 months older than me and then our younger sisters six seven years younger than I so there is Neville ever much rivalry between my younger sister but like there is like our slogan. There's an unspoken one between like me and my older sister but like, you know, she's that type of like oldest sibling that's like perfect at everything like she makes everything look so easy. And she does everything so amazing. So I was just like I was that like middle child that kind of Just try to be as good as her but like I was like I'm never going to be as good as her but like I really wanted to be so I think that's what really pushed me early on was trying to get to her level. Wow. That's cool. Are you guys close to this day? How's your relationship with her now? Oh, yeah. We're so close. She just means out what that just she's out to LA two years ago. So it's been nice having her close by Then and yeah, we're super close. I must be a pretty crazy moment for your parents to go to the Olympics and much two of their daughters win medals at the same Olympics. That's that's pretty incredible. Yeah, and I think they're pretty like easygoing parents to Italy they are not your typical swim parents. Like they level forced us to do anything. I think of my mom. I'm growing up and she swam under coach Bill Rose who is Notoriously tough and so I think she knew early on that like it's not something you can force. I shouldn't want us to fight. She want to force it on us. She actually forced us to take days off going up. So the very different approach and so I like those the coolest parents when it comes to swimming and Sport and everything. It was all they wanted to to be our journey and our like we had to be self-motivated to do it. So it's kind of like a reverse psychology. But yeah, I think they were super super stoked to have two of us that I think they are dead. But I kind of just I guess we're really good. Yeah, really good really good crazy good. So your you've got to be physically and mentally tough for the event that you swam the Open Water and the 10K particularly. Is it something that was always in you or has that something that's developed over time? yeah, I think the mental aspect is branded in Open Water just because I mean the training is there for everybody I'd say for any any event they do but the mental side is such a huge component and luckily for me like as Ben it's come pretty naturally. I just love to Ray and I have I kind of like to keep it a little light-hearted cuz I mean, it's just swimming when it comes down to it. Like I don't like to take it too. Seriously. Otherwise, it becomes something a lot bigger and this bigger monster and it makes you more nervous and I mean nerves are good. Like I like to have nerves before I say but I've always been pretty good at manifesting themselves in the positive way because when I start to Have this negative. This negative on the eyelids then kind of takes a toll on your racing and that's when those nerves aren't going to help you. Yeah, absolutely. I agree and you know, I was I was training back in Australia many years ago. And one of my training Partners was the first man to win the World Championships in the 25k open Waters name was Grant Robinson and He he did some crazy training and I was trying to the 50 freestyle. So, you know must 50 freestyle swim about 4,000 yards per practice around that 4000-5000 just to swim for 22 seconds. You swim for two hours the amount of work that you have to put in for that is pretty incredible. Talk us through kind of what a regular week looks like for you. I'm actually like a terrible person to ask about like yardage because I do not like to count the yardage that I do. It just makes it it makes practice so different like if it's written out and I can see the yard exam like that all know like how much I do. But I mean I train like a typical 800-mile swimmer and I mean also have a couple different coaches like I've Catherine case and a solo and they're both pretty different but I like to mix it up between the two of them. Dave is very very space oriented. And so it's always fun to and those prices are also so hard so I'm not not be doing a whole like the most I'll do in a practice with them is probably 8K but I'm always around like 7K a practice. Oh, wow. That's that doesn't seem like Much for somebody that swims as far as you do, but I guess it's still a lot, you know. Why and to be honest I've with their practices like I don't really get that much recovery practices because I go from we have I trained with the protein sometimes when I also the college team felt like I feel like I always miss the recovery practice whatever group has its own. I feel like I'm constantly on yeah like the protein. The beginning of the company pocket, but it works out. Well so far. Yeah. Now do you do any Open Water swimming during the week do you get out on the lake? No, not too much. Actually. The only time I really do Open Water training is one on traveling for race. So I'll try to get on the course or like the venue where I'm a rat acclimate beforehand and to get to know all the sites and That stuff do you feel like that's a disadvantage in any way let the people that are getting more of the Open Water Swimming into their training. Is there is there any feeling that you're at a disadvantage to them? No, because my mentality is that for if when you're training in the pool you can you there's more quantitative stuff. Like there's more numbers like you know, what you're going each 50 each hundred so, you know where you're at and you know, I think that's pretty typical of all Open Water swimmers. Like I mean, maybe there's some people out there that are like if we're going to go do a long practice so go do it in the water, but I feel like I've I like to know where I'm at in terms of throughout the week and just throughout the month and year of just knowing like what pays types like hitting and whatnot. So to see if you're getting better and you can't really control that in Open Water. Yeah, how many workouts a week you doing? Nine to ten not cancel work out. Okay. Now do you supplement that at all? Do you do anything in the gym any yoga or anything else outside of the pool? Yeah. I'm doing I'm in the weight room four times a week so lifting twice and then doing a circuit twice and then I'll supplement that with some extra cardio or Pilates or I should do more yoga. I keep Myself I need to do yoga. I never actually do it but I love Pilates and and just like being outside like going for a walk or going for bike rides like living in La it's so nice to get outside. Now. If you very heavy varied your training between each Olympics or has it stayed relatively the same over each Olympic cycle. I think my schedule has changed somewhat well now the past couple years. I've done more training camps in terms of like altitude training camps. I feel like I've changed a lot of like outside training. And I mean inside the pool like Dave and Catherine are both really good at like not doing the same sets and the same practices all the time. So they keep it really interesting really different. So I would never know if we've done the same set before because everything seems different but there is one year where I was like, oh, I'm not going to go to the weight room. So I literally just did Pilates like a couple times a week instead and then got back into the weight room. So I feel like that I have change certain things like a one year. I tried doing to if the week or going line or gay men. So I feel like I've worked really well with my sort of fixing the things that weren't working and sort of enhancing the things that we're working. Well in the gym of you. Yeah, I mean that makes sense just make little tweaks here and there. In the gym when you say your lifting a you Lifting for strength or endurance or what? Is it exactly that you work on what when you lift? So I'm not super heavy. I'm not not the strongest attend. Thought I'd say more reps lighter weights and always supplementing certain exercises with Sort of like Mobility exercises of Law and like smaller strengthening exercises, like a pillow over your shoulder strength a lot of hip mobility and just focusing on certain weaknesses. I have and helping like those smaller things like supplemented with so like a subsetting them like bigger exercises with those smaller ones. Oh, yeah. Okay. And what about your daughter? Do you have somebody? Handles, your your meal planning or how have you figured that out over time to get enough calories to do what you do? Yeah, so I mean I've never worked too closely closely with a nutritionist. I mean we have Testa one and so like she's helped in the past of just before not like she helped me figure out what to eat. And when and I never really realized how important the Wang part was. So like it's really important to get the right nutrition after practice to recover. and I think that's what I was I struggled with at the beginning of having like a protein shake right after practice because I wouldn't eat right away. And then I want to eat something bad if I waited too long and my my big thing is just like a balanced diet because I have a really bad sweet too. So trying to make healthier decisions outside outside of out to kind of like tell me like that and it's not like telling yourself. It's not bad to have a cookie here are there. Ball - rescue price of ice cream and I mean I still have a hard time getting enough protein in because I'm not a big me eater. So just painting get in other things that I do like. Yeah because I will not eat like I'll eat chicken throughout the week, but just getting enough protein is what I still struggle with. Hmm. Do you get regular like blood testing to kind of see where you're you're on levels and things like that or at throughout the season? I think everything was fine because they didn't tell me maybe. Into, you know some some type of chronic fatigue or anything like that come close to that. Haley's one training camp in Colorado where I struggled the entire Transit I was there but I think I could have been a combination of being a little out of shape in terms of just like out of shape in general, but also I haven't got any long course training. So I went straight from like short course training up to three weeks is long course training at altitude. and it wasn't like I mean it wasn't a terrible camp but is also hot not good. So that's what was in there. But the terms weren't yeah and then I realized afterwards that I hadn't done any wrong course training events. So I think that was my gosh now I was like, oh, yeah, do you take breaks throughout the year at any point? I'll take a break. I got the end of like summer but not throughout the year. Yeah, so like after a major competition you might have a couple of weeks off or something then get back into it. Yeah, but I mean, I do have to be careful coming back from Like An Open Water race. I feel like I take a couple days easy. Because recovering now that I'm 28 is a lot different than when I started at 18 really how soon I mean. I've had back issues for a while. And so just being kind of careful and not going straight like you might feel good. When you come back and going straight back into the hard workout can kind of put you in a hole for a week or two. So I just taking like a couple days to recover I think is important. Yeah, I'll talk is talk to me about the strategy of an open-water event like a 10K. What's your what's your Reggie going in and how does the race unfold as it goes? It really depends. because each race is so different and it kind of depends on like the course and whatnot, but You got to have your like if you have your feeding plan that you're going to do. So, I wonder what a thought to get your your feed. You you bottle of whatever you have and My goal like my plan was always to chill the first five paint by joining just like it sounds it sounds kind of bad that I just like to take it easy that first time can just position myself well and try to kind of conserve as much energy as I can so you don't want to be leading. Yeah. I mean I like Exactly, so and it's work out fine. But so we're all right now I just like to be comfortable and not like I'm feeling too much energy. but I only brought the races it's fine if it's if I feel like I need to know if I am really hungry and I think I have really good. Judge of Direction. So like if I don't like somebody else's line, I will take the lead and then I will believe and think my line is so much better. I don't think it actually is. But yeah, I like to I like to take the first part of my kind of position myself well and then really focus on being in a good position for the last sort of like 2 to 3, K 1 like all the stuff starts going down and everyone folks positioning themselves because I think I have a pretty good Sprint finish. There's a couple other open-water girls that have really good pool time. Like really good for hundreds and hundreds of mile times. And so it's sort of important to kind of sign up for a really good finish and Yeah, because I mean there's a lot of wrinkles that come down come down to the finish and last summer at World Championships. It was it came down like they're probably coming in the same time. Sometimes you could be in a really good position, but then something happens and you get boxed out. Yeah. One of my pet peeves as a swimmer was always somebody sitting on my feet in practice and just not willing to go around me. And and I'd fatigue. I wasn't the best trainer in the world by any means and so having someone on my feet made it made it just drove me crazy. Is there rules in place in Open Water for people to draft and things like that? Yeah drafting is a is a big part of open water and it does get really believe when someone's on your seat. They allowed to touch your fat like a yeah. Yeah, they're allowed to touch her feet. There's you're not getting anything. Yeah, but I mean everyone does it and it's it's allowed so it's just sometimes some people are more annoying about it than others. I try to not touch their feet too much. I like to be on on their feet but not touching them constantly mmkay, water polo. I used to play a little border Paula to so it was it was always, you know, you could you had to behave yourself above the water and you could kind of do whatever you want it under the water. Or so people are kicking and scratching and is there a little bit of that as well? You're allowed to kick you you'll have to scratch. I mean does that happen? I mean, you're you're not allowed to but it happens. I think that open water is like the worst Parts. Okay. I'm not this is not going to get anybody to try open water. Now that I say this but it's like the worst parts of water polo and swimming combined because you have the distance of swimming and then you have the physicality of a water polo combined. Until the water. Yeah. Do you have any other there's a lot that goes on? Yeah. I mean do you ever get on the water on under the water? You look at somebody who just got out of a race you give it giving the death stare or anything like that or does it ever get nasty out of the water? How's the water? Okay, most and the water like I don't know who hits me. Like if I know who hits me then maybe and most of the time like I feel like there's an understanding amongst like a couple other girls like that are at the top that like, okay, like well, let each other like have our space and I mean most of the time it just kind of comes down to it and I don't like Keep It Again Sam like you hit me it's not really like tit-for-tat out there. But there's sometimes like in the middle of the race when I get hit or I get scratched. I don't know who does it like and I don't know if I would know if like that make me feel any better about it. Yeah. Yeah, I've had moments going into races where I've thought. I'm really I'm going to kill this. I'm about to really put one down. You know. Do you have those moments as well and Open Water right before big Open Water race? Have you experienced that yourself? Yeah, I mean, I feel like I I do have a lot of confidence going into some races but there's so many unknown variables that go into Open Water cuz like I feel like for pool swimming it's kind of cut and dry a little more like you have like everyone has their time and like if you go your time, like, you know, you'll do this unless someone you know what I mean? I feel like there's not as much like Like I don't know. I feel like there's it's a little more steady and you had to know who's going to do this like a like on paper. But in Open Water, there's like 10 really good girls and it could be anybody's race that day. So like last my last race I went in like, okay, like I've been killing it at practice. Like I feel great little about the wetsuit situation, but I went in like with a lot of confidence. It's and I mean I came out fifth so I wasn't that happy with it. But I was I went in for sure thinking like like I was going to meddle I was going to go like Podium. So like it it kind of really depends. I mean, yeah, there's a there's a lot of variables and I had a really good race, but it didn't end up how I wanted it to. Yeah, so then how do you plan for Tokyo? How do you say to yourself? I want to win the gold medal. And then how do you gain the confidence to be able to stand right before the race? Thinking, you know, you can win Gaultier like what's the process there? Sorry about the process for yeah, just I mean like how do you going to Tokyo with confidence thinking that you can win gold if there's so many different variables like how do you eliminate those variables so that you can be as confident as possible? So for me the year so for Tokyo the big thing is going to be how well does my body react to warm water? Hmm. I'm so that's my that's my biggest concern. And so just getting some warm water training and getting a warm water basin and sort of doing a couple races beforehand to sort of brush off the cobwebs and so I like to do like three or four races before a big race just to see where everybody's at and sort of. I mean, you could always learn more there's a lot of strategy involved in open water and a lot of growth like a trace like even though like even when you do really well in a race, you could still learn from it. If you do bad, you will learn a lot more from it. So just getting the confidence throughout the year from each race and learning from each race. But I mean, you still don't know like I mean, of course I want to meddle in Tokyo and I can go in the most confident person. Wednesday but everyone wants it. So I mean everyone thinks they want it more than the other person and this person but yes. Yeah that makes sense. Now, do you have any sponsors? Yeah, I'm sponsored by Arena. Oh, that's nice. Excellent. Very nice. Very cool. Yeah you compete in Arena suits as well. Yeah, they're like the first like They're actually the only open Waters without ever worn. I'm so that's kind of just natural. Yeah that it was something I never really thought of like, I mean my older sister sort of always let the past like the way from me like the she retired after London. And so when I decided to keep swimming after college is kind of Uncharted Territory of like she like she started she did everything before I had to sew sort of navigating that professional life was sort of new for me and I yeah, so it's been really nice to be partnered with Arena and they helped me out a lot. So yeah your suit your older sister went to Arizona. How how did you make the choice of going to USC not follow her? I know we recently talked about it. Sounds like I wanted to see if our like Memories differed on like how the process main are just like different childhood memories to of swimming like how our memories differed and like I was convinced. I like Arizona really didn't recruit me. She's going to be did but when it came down to it, I kind of just wanted to take a different path and she had so much success at Arizona and love date. But I wanted that to be heard. Yeah, because I'm constantly Alyssa's little sister, which is amazing. Like I love being a little sister, but I kind of wanted to find my own way and in academically and athletically so I chose you as soon yeah. Well, that's that's good for you. You know you I think it's important for each person to find their own. It's nice to be a loving sister, but I think you you chose. What was right for you? Obviously, you're the first we the first athlete in any sport to be qualified for 2020, or was it just the first one? The first yeah the first one I guess the first American that's pretty cool, right? What know it's difficult, but it's it's really nice. I feel like on one hand. There's like less stress because you want to worry about qualifying but now there's like you can just knock. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Are you going to be going to the pool Olympic trials in June? Yeah, I'll go my whole team is going I mean I had a really good summer in the pool. And so I ended up dropping sometimes finally I take a while. So yeah, so let's say you qualify in the pool, you know, the 1500 or so. One of the other events is is there. When does the open water fall is it before the swimming starts? It's afterwards. Okay, so you would do the pool event and then afterwards you do the Open Water. Yeah. Okay loss now. Are you guys going on a you got a training trip plan before Tokyo? Yeah, I think we're going to Singapore. Okay, beautiful country. Love's yeah. Yeah. I'm excited. I've never been yeah beautiful country. Well, that's awesome. And how far out from the Olympics will that be will it just be so you'll swim trials are guess and then head over to Singapore pretty much straight away. yeah, I think we're going we're going to go to Northern California for a little bit and then Singapore and then I think I think we'll go to Japan a little earlier than normal from what I forget. Like I feel like they've told me to schedule a bit cuz like qualifying early like they kind of let you in on like what's going to go on but we like I think Open Water swimmers will be with the pool Summers the whole time which would be fun. Yeah being a part of like the bigger team. Yeah. Ya know some I was going to ask that you know, I didn't know whether that was split because I mean if you give yourself a realistic chance to make the pool then didn't know whether you had to make a tough choice of saying well do I go with the pool? So I might as well go with the Open Water swimmers, you know, I didn't know how that played out. Yeah in the past we've been separate. and then in well, I guess London it there is more time in between pool and open water. But in Rio is it was pretty close, so We did some of our training camps together before video and then sort of separated after no leading up to Rio. There was a lot of talk of the conditions of the cause. How did that play out at the at the event itself? Yeah, so I feel like there's a lot of like unknown for that. Like there was a lot of talk but it has more to do with the other water venues. And are we were in Copacabana beach and ended up being fine. And it's it's tough that it's a concern again because I feel like we can't win there's always been something that kind of has always been like a drawback. And so we're dealing same issues and more for Tokyo. Not only is it going to be really hot water but it's also the water quality isn't great either. There's e-coli. So as of now, they're not going to change the venue until it's been pretty frustrating that there's not even a plan B venue which they're supposed to I think there's I mean, I don't know if they're always supposed to have a plan. maybe but I think it's I personally think it's very smart to have a plan B venue because in Open Water you don't know what's going to happen and so great to have a backup option, but they don't have a backup option for Tokyo that is safer than what they have now because currently the water's going to be like I forgot the water is like high 80s low to high 80s now as your coach feels like it's going to explode. I was going to say is Catherine your coach. Is she the head coach for 2024 Open Water? Yeah. Yeah. She got named the head coach. So so excited to have her have her there. That's cool. Very cool. Nice. Nice. Well, let's and then one other thing I want to talk to you about. I know you had voiced some disappointment about the ISL and the fact that they didn't have. Really any distance events up to I think they went up to a 400 but is that something that you would want to do in the future possibly swimming in the ISO? Um, yeah, I mean it was a it's really exciting to see that there's this different future for swimming and that they're trying new things and I mean all these pools armors will really really stoked on it and saying like they won't all these pulsars are saying they didn't have many opportunities and so for them to then create this new opportunity, but then leave out a big chunk. Summers like there's a lot of great swimmers that didn't have opportunities to swim in ISL. And so for for a new thing to say there this great new thing to create opportunities, but then oh, but it's not for everybody. Yeah. It's pretty fascinating. I mean I could do the 400 sometimes I can do it. Well, it's not my best event. But yeah, I mean, it's really excited to try it. Do you see yourself swimming Beyond Tokyo? Not sure yet. I think over you evaluate after Tokyo. Yeah, okay. Well, maybe if you do make the decision you could start training for the 400 and then jump on one of these I sell teams, you know, I'm just travel around doing some for hundreds. That would be cool. One years ago. I had one good 204 and I was like, this is my career change. Bones. Yeah, some fun. Well, I can put a good morning for you with many crowns Alberto, you know with the with the the la Karen if you're interested, so we'll listen. I appreciate you taking the time. Yeah. Thanks and Tina. Thanks for letting us into your world. I don't know much about Open Water and I just know that you're an amazing athlete you don't get as much publicity as you should get your an incredible performer three Olympics and first person to be named on the you. U.s. Olympic team is a big honor and you know, I'm a fan so just wanted to highlight what you do and how you do it. So thanks for coming on the show today. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely and good luck in tokioka. Thank you. Alright. Thanks Haley. Take care. Bye. Bye.