Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. sharing the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to discover it when life has meaning you can bear most anything without it. Nothing is bearable. It says a young man in his twenties wrote. I feel like a failure because I'm struggling to become something and I don't even know what it is. All I know how to do is to get by Sunday if I discover my purpose, I'll feel I'm beginning to live. You see without God life has no purpose and without purpose life. Has no meaning. Without meaning life has no significance or hope. In the Bible many different people Express this hopelessness, Isaiah complained. I have labored to no purpose. I have spent my strength in vain and for nothing job said my life drags by day after hopeless day and I give up I am tired of living leave me alone. My life makes no sense. The greatest strategy, excuse me. The greatest tragedy is not death but life without purpose. You see hope is just as essential to life as air and water. You need hope to cope. Dr. Bernie Siegel found he could predict which of his cancer patients would go into remission by asking. Do you want to live to be a hundred those with the Deep sense of life purpose answered? Yes. We're the ones most likely to survive. Hope comes from having a purpose. If you have felt hopeless, hold on wonderful changes are about to happen in your life as you begin to live on purpose. God says I know what I am planning for you. I have good plans for you not plans to hurt you I will give you hope and a good future you may feel you are facing an impossible situation, but the Bible says God is able to do far more than he would ever. Do you would ever dare to ask him or even dream of? Infinitely beyond our highest prayers desires thoughts or hopes knowing your purpose simplifies your life. It defines what you do and what you don't do your purpose becomes your standard to you and how you evaluate which activities are essential and which aren't you simply ask. Does this activity help me fulfill one of God's purposes. my life But that a clear purpose you have no foundation on which you base your decisions allocate your time or use your resources you tend to make choices based on circumstances pressures and your mood at the moment people who don't know their purpose try to do too much and that causes stress fatigue and conflict. But I'm here to tell you you can't be everything for everybody. It is impossible to do everything people want you to do. You have just enough time to do God's will if you can't get it all done. It means you're trying to do more than God has intended for you to do the Bible says a pretentious showy life is an empty life a plain and simple life is a full life. I want you to find a comfortable position. If you haven't already somewhere where you're not going to be distracted and close your eyes as I share with you a meditation on hope and love and a time of struggle by Alice and that yoga Nazareth. In a world so filled with Brokenness and sorrow it would be easy to lose ourselves and never-ending grief to be choked by our outrage to be paralyzed by the enormity of suffering to fill our hearts squeeze tight with hopelessness instead this morning. This afternoon or this evening whenever it may be let us simply breathe together as we hold our hearts open breathing in our hearts fill with a compassion breathing out as we pray for healing in our world in our lives breathing in opening ourselves to the transforming Power of Love. Love for one another and love for ourselves. Breathing out as we pray for peace in our world in our lives. Breathing in as we hold. Hope in our hearts. Breathing out as we pray for justice in our world in our lives. May we know our strength? May we be filled with courage May our love flow from us into this world. Breathing in we are in prayer breathing out. We are the healing. breathing in We Are The Love breathing out. We are the piece breathing in We Are The Hope breathing out. We are the justice. May we know our strength may we be filled with the courage May our love flow from us and to this world until next time? Take care.