Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone and that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings in the 1930s alone. His name was Albert, Anastasia. Hey there, Alistair murdered in here. You're listening to villains in this show. We take a deep dive into villainy both real and fictional. We aim to answer the questions. Why do we love villains? What makes a truly iconic Baddie? How does the perception of villainy change over time? This is the final episode in our season or mob bosses gangsters and kingpins. We've seen how the five families of New York City were as powerful as any politician how Chilean drug lords fueled the regime's of dictators. We've also seen how fictional versions of these men like Don Vito Corleone and Gustavo Fring became so iconic that they influence the next generation of real-life criminals. They awaken the inner Rebel in all of us giving law-abiding citizens the thrill of breaking the law without any risk of jail time last week. We discussed Johnny friendly the main villain in the 1954 film on the waterfront friendly was extremely disturbing to 1950s audiences because of his utter lack of morality. He was willing to kill even his right-hand man if he posed a threat to friendlies position, His downfall came only when a single individual was brave enough to stand up to him. Make sure to check out the episode if you haven't already this week. We're discussing a real-life Criminal Who was also forged by the turbulent world of the New York, Waterfront, Albert, Anastasia a prominent leader of the mafia organization known as Murder Inc. Though now a footnote in crime history at the time Anastasia was one of the most feared men in New York City. Although the screenplay to On the Waterfront was honored with an Oscar for best original screenplay. It was not pure fiction writer Budd schulberg was inspired to write on the waterfront by a series of Articles published in the New York Sun entitled crime on the waterfront. These 24 Pulitzer prize-winning articles written by journalists Malcolm Johnson laid out just how thoroughly organized crime had infiltrated the world of New York longshoremen in 1949 Within These Pages. We see the foundation for the story. That would be come on the waterfront describing Johnson's work schulberg wrote the greatest Harbor in America from Brooklyn to the Jersey Shore was revealed as Outlaw Frontier run by labor racketeers who use the Union as a front for every type of criminal activity Johnson's articles describe a great variety of figures who could have inspired Johnny friendly corruption after all ran rampant and it existed on nearly every level Johnson describes. The way the Waterfront is run as the law of the Jungle the strongest Thrive and the weak are at their Mercy the most obvious parallel to Johnny friendly is Joseph Ryan who elected himself president for life of the International longshoremen's Association in the late 1920s. He shares similar traits to Friendly a connection to mob interests harsh reactions to criticism and iron-fisted grip over his Union, but with one key difference Joseph Ryan's career as president of the Ila. Ended with his voluntary resignation in 1953. Johnny friendly would not back down. Even when the Waterfront crime commission's successfully indicted him his stubbornness and ability to use fear to advance. His own corrupt ends is more accurately paralleled by one of the Mobsters Ryan answer to Albert Anastasia known among the mob by the grandiose nicknames the Mad Hatter and Lord High executioner. Albert, Anastasia, and Johnny friendly were men who no one dared to speak up against the consequences for doing so were too dire throughout the events of on the waterfront. Johnny friendly has three men killed to defend his reputation as a law-abiding Union man, and at the height of his career Anastasia was connected to almost six murders a year. Some of them were men who spoke to the police. Lise others was simply standing in his way. The story of this cruel and a moral man's rise to power begins simply in the coastal city of Paris Galea, Italy. In on the waterfront Johnny friendly laments his working class Origins. He was one of nine siblings raised on a Watchman salary. The implication is that he was never anyone's favorite child or the recipient of Praise. He was one of many and as such needed to try extra hard to make something of himself. Similarly Albert, Anastasia born Umberto, Anastasio grew up in Italy alongside. Eleven siblings, they lost their father in the first world war and toward the end of the 1910s Albert and a few of his brothers decided to seek their Fortune overseas though. We know little of their Journey. We know that Albert and three of his brothers arrived in New York in 1919. They were uneducated and knew no one in the states, but this was America the land of opportunity. Soon after arriving anastacio found an occupation that suited his limited range of talents though. He didn't have an education and Nastasia was perfect for the manual labor required of a longshoreman on the New York Waterfront and his co-workers would soon learn to fear him even before he had any clout in the New York mob. March 17 1921 about two years after Anastasia came to the United States a quarrel broke out between the number of the longshoreman FBI documentation from years after the incident referred to the men involved as fellow countrymen of anesthesia in the brawl that followed a man was killed Witnesses claimed Anastasia had stabbed him to death It was this eyewitness testimony that landed Anastasia in death row soon after the incident. It seemed that his criminal career was about to end before it had even begun, but he was granted a reprieve that same year due to a technicality Anastasia's case came up for a retrial and as the state prepared to make their case again, their star witness never showed up. Or the Witnesses in the case had been intimidated into staying silent or fleeing the country. We don't know for sure whether it was his brothers or fellow longshoreman who did the intimidating but the result was the same either way Albert Anastasia went free like Johnny friendly, he would not be put down so early in his career while friendly was facing down a couple of thugs with knives and Anastasia was facing the electric chair. The way they got out of this situation was chillingly similar by building reputations as men who were impossible to dispose of this ability to flaunt the legal system further cements, Anastasia as a formidable villain if Mobsters are all about pursuing the American dream, then Anastasia was taking that dream and using it to browbeat the Constitution. Men, like Anastasia and Johnny friendly frazzled the sensibilities of an American public that believed their country could do no wrong in the wake of the first world war Anastasia would be arrested again in 1923 for assault but was acquitted once again after he intimidated Witnesses. However, he did receive a two-year sentence for illegal possession of a firearm. It was sometime during this period of going in and out of prison that a Nostalgia made his first mob contacts by the late 1920s. He was appear superintendent on the waterfront in charge of six local chapters of the Ila but there was only so far a man could rise in the union alone sooner or later a Nostalgia would make the jump from corrupt Union official to full-on mobster in Of 1931 prominent Kingpin, Joe Masseria was gunned down by four men in a restaurant on Coney Island among the trigger men was 19 year old Albert, Anastasia soon afterward Anastasia, co-founded a brand-new arm of the New York mafia murder incorporated or Murder Inc. For short. This organization was almost entirely made up of Ruthless killers. Men who had proven that they could get away with murder and its existence gave, Anastasia his first taste of real power. Coming up Murder Inc. More than lives up to their name now back to the story in the book film technology and the psychology of the social dream authors Robert W Reba and Robert Kelly described a classic movie Gangster as an Underdog Story. The legitimate ladder of success was unavailable to them. They wrote thus with the normal Pathways closed off some sort. Terminal ways to wealth and Status these patterns would appear in both reality and fiction Albert, Anastasia the man who had become an inspiration for Johnny friendly worked as a longshoreman for almost 10 years. Three of these years were spent behind bars for murder and possession of a firearm respectively. Neither of the imprisonments lasted long because just like Johnny friendly he knew the value of intimidating Witnesses. Has he was even accused of murder again in 1928 a charge which was dismissed due to lack of evidence. And in the early 1930s murder became his primary occupation Albert. Anastasia was the operations head of murder Incorporated the enforcement wing of the New York mob throughout the 1930s Murder Inc. Was the terror of New York City the police. First became aware of their operations in 1932 when Abe Wagner ratted them out fleeing New York to avoid repercussions. He got all the way to st. Paul Minnesota, but that was not far enough. He was gunned down by two of Anastasia's henchmen though. The two murderers were arrested for the shooting. The message was clear. You can't run from Albert, Anastasia if you rat That you're a dead, man. Anastasia and friendly were both men without any moral Scruples. It did not matter how long you worked with them. Even if you're as close as Brother's a single betrayal would mean the end of your life. No questions asked but toward the end of the 1930s it seemed like once again the law was closing in on, Anastasia. Resistance within the Ila was building pressure from Murder Inc. May have kept most of the longshoremen in line. But some were not intimidated. They believed like Terry Malloy would in the fictional world of on the waterfront that if they stood up to the corruption within the longshoremen's union they would win the leader of one of these revolts was a man named Pete panto. He formed a coalition known as the Brooklyn. Rank-and-file committee a movement that grew in popularity throughout the late 1930s in opposition to Joseph Ryan the mob backed president of the Ila both Ryan and Anastasia knew that panto would have to go on July 14th, 1939 panto received a phone call from an unknown individual. He stepped out of his house. and disappeared he would not be seen again for two years. Pantos body was found buried in a limestone Quarry in 1941. He had been strangled to death though. This discovery was in line with murder inks modus operandi it showed that their actions were being monitored far closer than they had been a decade ago soon afterward mobster Abe reles a former contractor for Murder Inc was apprehended by police. He was already wanted for his involvement in the group. And thought he saw a way out. He started telling them everything he knew information that would lead to the arrest of seven Murder Inc members. He even claimed to have information that would implicate Albert, Anastasia in pantos Murder as well as many others Albert was the head guy on the docks reles would say in an interview. He is the law reles was exactly the witness that the prosecution needed to bring. Charges against Anastasia, but he would never get to testify. On the morning of November 12 Abe reles plummeted to his death from the window of his room in the half moon hotel local papers dubbed him the canary who could sing but couldn't fly on the waterfront screenwriter Budd schulberg would later lift this line to describe. The first man Johnny friendly has killed in the film. Theories around reles is death circulated had this been a poorly thought-out escape attempt or had someone slipped into the room and thrown him out the window. Neither made a whole lot of sense. They did not seem to be a compelling reason for him to flee police protection and there was no evidence anyone else had been near his room besides the officers charged with his protection according to FBI records the district attorneys. Perfect case against Anastasia collapsed as soon as reles hit the pavement in reality whistleblowers rarely get the happy ending they do in fiction in on the waterfront. Terry's Brave actions convince his fellow longshoreman that he was in the right the whole time his public confrontation with friendly is all he needs to swing the balance of power away from the corrupt leader. Real villains don't take lightly to being publicly humiliated. They don't just admit defeat and move on if panto and relatives deaths were to have meaning it would happen later when the cumulative effect of the mobs actions came back to haunt them for now, Anastasia would continue to go free. But this close call was enough to shock anastacio into action after a decade of murder. He needed to lay low. In 1942 Albert, Anastasia signed up to join the u.s. Army. He was awarded the rank of technical sergeant and spent the next two years in Pennsylvania training longshoreman to be soldiers in last week's episode. We discussed how the creators of on the waterfront used classic American iconography to portray Johnny friendly as someone who mocks traditional American values Anastasia is the perfect example All of this kind of behavior. He joined the military to make a show of his patriotism and after never participating in the war used his military experience to become a naturalized American citizen this Behavior would have been especially offensive to the federal agents who were keeping tabs on him and his citizenship officially cut off one of their key interests deporting him would now be that much more difficult. The official FBI archives says that it was after his experience in the military that Albert Anastasia finally moved away from Waterfront work by the reporting of journalists Malcolm Johnson tells a different story. Here's piece published November 9th 1948 claims that the East River peers and the tough South Brooklyn docks are controlled by the notorious Albert, Anastasia a gunman arrested five times for A he elaborates saying Anastasia once named as a director in Murder Inc. The organization of hired Killers continues to rule the Brooklyn Waterfront as the representative of Joe Adonis. Brooklyn's boss racketeer now ruling In Absentia, according to the FBI file Albert had given control of his Waterfront racket to his brother Tony after buying a dress making factory in Pennsylvania, but this did not mean mean he ceased all criminal activity. Though in hindsight. We know how the mob worked at the time their methods were opaque to the average American figures like Anastasia grabbed headlines, but who they worked for and how the men in charge were connected was entirely up for speculation. Johnny friendly answered to an influential mob contact but we only saw glimpses of that figure once friendly was indicted. His benefactor stopped answering his calls the mobs protection dried up as soon as they considered Johnny friendly a liability. Similarly Albert. Anastasia was not a popular figure within the mob his violent tendencies and lack of Scruples meant he would often rub his bosses the wrong way. Even Beyond his murdering for the mob. He had a violent temper that did not make him any friends most famously. He did not get along with one of his bosses Vincent Mangano manga doe was uh, Nostalgia has direct superior, but throughout his 20-year Reign the two men never saw eye-to-eye by the early 1950s, Anastasia made a play for True Independence. Dance Vincent Mangano went missing on April 19 1951 though. No one was ever found guilty of manga knows murder and his body was never found the prevailing theory is that Anastasia was the one who gave the order shortly after he would be implicated in another murder that would tarnish his reputation among his peers. In February of 1952 Brooklyn local Arnold Schuster recognized notable bank. Robber Willie Sutton riding a bus though. The clothing salesman had no affiliation with either the police or the FBI. He reported the sighting leading to a successful arrest Schuster's involvement was immediately devoured by the media who painted a picture of Schuster as a perfect citizen a man. With a noble sense of civic duty Anastasia was Furious when he saw an interview with Shuster on television. He declared that the mob should kill him reportedly saying I hate Squealers as his justification Schuster was gunned down outside his home on March 8 1952. Once again, no one was ever arrested for this hit but Anastasia's connection to the shooting irrevocably changed his reputation amongst Mobsters civilians, like Shuster were usually off-limits and like Johnny friendly Anastasia's defeat would be wrought by people within his own organization will discuss the end of Albert Anastasia has criminal career after this now back to the story. By the time on the waterfront was going into production in 1953 crime on the New York docks was at an all-time high though Malcolm Johnson's reporting had caused a stir many of the figures involved such as Ila President Joseph Ryan was still in power, but their time was running out while Albert Anastasia was busy ordering the deaths of civilians and fellow Mobsters alike his Waterfront allies faced increased scrutiny. Tunney the Waterfront Commission of New York Harbor was formed in 1953 in an attempt to clean up the docks. This inspired the similarly named Waterfront crime Commission in on the waterfront. Joseph Ryan resigned that saying year Albert Anastasia was temporarily safe from this committees investigations, but it was only a matter of time before the law came for him as well in 1954 on the waterfront was released into movie theaters Across America. We don't know if anastacio saw the picture, but if he did he would have seen a villain partially inspired by himself a villain. Utterly humiliated by a man who ratted him out to the police. Terry Malloy the protagonist of on the waterfront is like a resurrected version of all the men Anastasia had killed for ratting out on him or his associates, but the movie enshrined him as an undefeatable opponent while Johnny friendly Anastasia's counterpart is utterly powerless by the end of the film. At the time the Hays code prevented motion pictures from showing criminals getting away with their misdeeds. So on the waterfront became the most optimistic version of the story one that provided a fictional Avatar to stand up for all the informers murdered by Mobsters like Anastasia over the years and the film's success drove even greater scrutiny to Waterfront corruption. The final moments of the movie featured Terry and the longshoreman on his side marching to work on a hopeful note leaving Johnny friendly behind them impotently yelling that he will have revenge on every one of them promises that Anastasia. No doubt made toward the end of his criminal career like Al Capone almost 20 years earlier. Anastacio was charged with income tax evasion. And he pleaded guilty and received another year in prison. This would have been a minor inconvenience. If not for the fact that tensions within the mafia were Rising. Anastacio was seen as unpredictable a man who ordered the murder of his own boss was not the sort of man. You could trust for any sort of deal and like Johnny friendly. It was his lack of real friends that would prove his undoing. 25th 1957 Albert Anastasia stepped into a Midtown Manhattan barber shop for a shave his bodyguard stepped out moments later two men with scarves over their faces entered. They produced pistols and opened fire three shots struck him in the hand wrist and hip startled. He lept up from his chair and charged the two men only to Lies he was attacking their Reflections in The Barbers mirror the next two shots hit him in the back and the back of the head by the time the barrage ended the Assassins had fired 10 shots five of which had hit their target. Anastasia was dead at the scene his two murderers escaped scot-free just as with the dozens maybe hundreds of hits. That Anastasia sanction through Murder Inc. The culprits were never arrested. Albert Anastasia is now seen as a relatively minor figure in the turbulent history of New York City's crime families the mysterious nature of his murder became the most talked-about aspect of his life, but we should not forget the aura of fear. He held over the New York Waterfront throughout his professional career through his connections to the Ila and his history as a longshoreman and as stars, He showed that being ruthless and without moral Scruples carries, its own power in the criminal underbelly of New York. He may differ from Johnny friendly in a number of key ways, but it is this talent for cruelty and his utter disdain taste for whistleblowers that tied them together both thrived on the waterfront because they could create an environment of fear. That was far greater than any weapon one that vented any longshoreman from informing on them The critical flaw is that such power only lasts as long as your fear lasts and once your reputation changes your time is up, but even after both men were eliminated either by testimony or mob assassination the systems of corruption. They perpetuated remained in place for What Becomes of Johnny Friendly's henchmen at the end of on the waterfront. They are folded into the crowd. Just like any other longshoreman facing no repercussions of any kind as long as their boss goes down. The problem was best addressed by Malcolm Johnson who wrote it will take more than vigorous police action and successful prosecution to End crime on the waterfront such action is necessary, but the problem goes much deeper than that and it will not be solved until its basic causes are removed. Lift those causes are the system of hiring and certain other unhealthy practices in which apparently both the union and employers are at fault Johnny friendly and Albert, Anastasia a both no more, but the type of men they represent will always exist as long as there are people willing to use Bluster and physical intimidation to get their way change begins with the Terry Malloy eyes of the world. But it cannot end their movies give us a clean cut version of the struggle between righteousness and Corruption when in reality, it's always an uphill battle. The criminal villain is one of the most enduring archetypes in popular culture while genres like the Western and science fiction rise and fall in general popularity gangsters both real and fictional hold a permanent place. Ace in the Zeitgeist in an article for the New Yorker in 2015 writer Maria. Konnikova. Ask the question. Why do we admire Mobsters her conclusion is that Mobsters unlike any other kind of criminal in fiction or reality have a distance in quality to them? Konnikova rights? Social psychologists have long distinguished between in-groups and out-groups out-group. Come in different guises. There are some with whom we feel absolutely no Affinity often. We separate ourselves from them by putting them down. But other out groups are enough like our in group that although their identity remains separate from ours. They seem like less of a threat it is to this second category that the mafia belongs people who see themselves as All-American can be fascinated by Italian. Has and even admire them without worrying that their lives will come into contact with Mobsters lives. They're presented as similar enough for sympathy yet different enough for a false sense of safety to creep in the elements. Most often borrowed from real-life Mobsters are their codes and rules from the mafia code of omerta to a general sense of protecting those close to you. The evil parts of their lives are easier to Themselves from because it's more like a job they can clock in and out of not necessarily a part of their personality. Unlike the Psychopaths. We analyze last season their motives are relatable. Even sympathetic few of us have ever tried to sell crystal meth but Gus frings efforts to create a stable business and avenge his business partners death are easy to identify with even if the methods he used to pursue. These goals are beyond anything we would do in real life. Harley Quinn may not be a great role model. But her free willing approach to self-liberation is cathartic for women trapped in a man's world, especially those who love a good breakfast sandwich. Even Johnny friendly who had the fewest moral Scruples of any villain we've discussed this season is humanized through his interactions with Terry. He's like a boss. You never want to disappoint or a Stern Father Figure though. He has undoubtedly evil Terry's desire for his approval is highly relatable to those who grew up under a difficult to please parent. So why do we find Mobsters? So compelling they are Escape from our mundane lives but in a way that doesn't completely forsake the codes and structures we're used to their wrongdoing is civilized enough that we don't feel guilt over romanticizing them. Even if the real-world counterparts we've discussed this season commit acts that can be just as Sinister as any mass-murdering psychopath. That brings us to the end of this season of villains for the rest of March. We're going to discuss the villains created by one of the most popular horror writers of all time. Stephen King King's work is festooned with all kinds of memorable villains Psychopaths gangsters killer clowns and school bullies, but what makes them Stand Out is the author's unique fascination with ultimate. Unknowable evil whether he's writing about an evil hotel or an abusive parent. Stephen King's villains are all infused with a sense of dread and despair that reaches far beyond what humans are capable of comprehending and to make matters worse its influence always draws upon our own personal demons. Thanks for listening to villains will be back next week with the premiere of our season on the villains of Stephen King. You can find all episodes of villains and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like villains for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream villains on Spotify. Just open the Up and type villains in the search bar and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at podcast and Twitter at podcast Network. I'll see you next time villains was created by Drew coal and Max Cutler villains is at Park a Studios original and is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Russell Nash with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson this episode of villains was written by Robert Teamster with writing assistance by Greg Castro. I'm Alistair murden.