God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've been doing it for yenna. I don't know mate. This is the men year anniversary of your favorite films awful. Ah, how it's flown by but also has it feels like we've always done this and it does feel like we've been doing this longer than a year. Yeah, but the same time I can't believe it's been a year. Yeah, you know, I mean, yeah now I go over 50 episode consistently. We've been very consistent. Yeah, I've already we've had that we've done real good. I think I don't we have the yeah, so I asked a couple of people some questions that we could think about talk about that sort of general just thing. So listen, if you are listening to this as your first episode introduction to your favorite from this awful, maybe pick a different episode. This is more of a special because we and if you want a straight way like but we're basically taking a bit of break up with me. Yeah. This is the end of season one. We're going to take some time. Go on hiatus come back bigger stronger and uncut. Yeah, but those Gems South Park. No, no, no, you can stop I was thinking sauce is so good because those the exact same on the title itself about them. Yeah, but I'm glad we know where I Minds go. Yeah. I thought this would be a nice reminiscing thinking of the future thinking of the past thinking of what we've done and what we hope to achieve sounds good sort of dealio. I threw out the net on Instagram and was like, hey, is there any questions? Ins who wants to answer and from there? I thought we could just have a nice relaxed episode shoot the shit. I'm going to shoot a talk as everyone's aware. I'll make you listen ever see episodes of me talking shit and let no one else talk. It's been beautiful. But for that Luke John Godfrey what you've been up to this week. Yeah. Yeah. Actually I was let's keep that part of the formula. So it feels weird though, cause I'm going first. Yeah. Ok. This is it was just getting ready for it. Oh God switching things up gone Luke. Okay first this time cool. So this week I watched two films both animated. Okay, I watch the my hero Academia to Heroes which was the first film of that anime. It was like a spin-off thing. It's nice little thing. We're all might and Deku go off to an island to me all night old friend and you know, chaos ensues and superpowers and all this good shirt. I enjoy the anime. So it was nice like addition to that show. The other thing I watched was a um called species. I see that pop up on your letterbox, and I'm very curious to hear about this. Yeah, but spelts Pisces, which has been that the joke that me and my friends have been having for a while because it's amusing so this film right fucking crazy. Like I was watching it and I was like understanding what was going on, but then like you try and explain it to someone and you're just fucking looking like a mental case, so he's doing mate. Okay? Okay. So here's the thing, right? In zootopia, right? I've not seen see Toby. I'm really ashamed of that. Okay, we should definitely fucking sort that out. Okay, so zootopia lovely film but the animal thing it's kind of just a very surface level based on racial stuff it because it's like the people that eat meat versus the people that only carrots so shit spicy's has is an animation with all animal characters anthropomorphic, but it means Nothing, the people will just like cool. I want to make a film with a talking cat and a rat and an elephant and all these different animals. So stray off the bat doesn't mean anything. It doesn't help in any way. It's all me. Okay. So Vladimir the cat is like that tops spy guy who's Reckless wild and Reckless or thing and he gets partnered with The Tech Guy, which is this Rat, okay. I'm hoping it was the elephant bit. Mate. No. No, the elephant is the the police chief perfect. It's perfect and they go to like this like Platformers Platforms in the middle of see sort of dealio and they're just there as like guard Duty because Vladimir's being punished because he did a bad thing. However, there are actually guarding like this chemical that freezes shit and whilst they're on quote unquote Duty it gets stolen and so the film is them trying to like find out who did it and what happened and all this good stuff. If right which like a basic sounds fine, but then it's like so the person that does this right they point at one guy in classical like whodunit situation who isn't like who we think it is but what he's doing is also really fucking weird and it's one of those that just me and you right now I am 12 ounce of Mind words because I know that you're never going to watch this film, but I don't know if the listeners going to watch this. Don't want to spoil it just in case yeah, mate the like the trying to if if I was allowed to just sit here and try to tell you the plot your face would just curl it in on itself as you just like question the very existence of this film. I don't want to see him now. It's like because it's one of those like you sit down you'll watch it and it's fine. It's just a normal film. You can piece all the pieces together because it's got a fairly clean structure. It's only when you look back and go. Okay. Let me try it. Explain what the fuck I just watch however a nice most boil a bit is that there's this fox character and is what you are led to believe is a snake first off as like his scarf and that's the mechanic of this Hospital. Right and they like pop open the cola machine and like he feeds the snake into the coal of your machine so he can go in and fix stuff and I was like man that's clever use of like animalistic things turns out the snakes actually a dragon and drink some coffee and turns into A big Japanese dragon thing with and like fire everything and they've got like calms down and you just like the fuck and uh mate it's great and the rat character who's like the tech wizard they send drones after the two protagonists and he like just jumps onto one of them and like plugs in his games console so he can control it and it's like the fuck is going on. It's amazing, but also really bad. Yeah, I think you some damn I didn't know Jack. After this, I symbol taneous Lee did it no justice, but also hyped it up. You looked like a Charlie Day in that image or that mean when he's like me putting a look seriously today. I feel like Charlie Day in that bit where he's trying to connect all the dots. What about you? What did you watch? Hopefully it was less questionable than what I want. Nothing as mental. Okay. Well, that's a shame. However, actually let me get through. Okay, let me talk about the ones I've seen I really liked and then we'll talk about the one that you'll be happy. You to know that I watched. Okay, I'm ready. So I re-watched. Insomnia by Christopher Nolan and that was at the Prince Charles Cinema and I've seen this before and I always felt awful as yes, right like a Nolan movie. They never really felt like Nolan to me before just was like a decent Thriller re watching it. I was like what the fuck was I talking about? This was incredible It's fucking amazing. I was blown away by it like Al Pacino's performance is brilliant in it. I think a lot of people get annoyed by the casting of From Williams in it, but I think they completely for me that's the genius of the cast in for me is that he's got quite a kind face and I think his character you're supposed to sort of feel that way went with him. But yeah, I don't say too much but um really liked it. It was really good really. Well, we're in tire for any actually surprisingly did feel like a know that movie just a very early one if help him felt more in line with like Memento the whole thing is that basically they go to a country where they go now, but it's always sunny in every So I that time of the year and Al Pacino's character can't sleep and he's trying to solve this case. And also he's haunted by like the case itself. He's trying to sleep. I like sleeping the movie. He's like, it's affecting his judgment. He's like falling asleep at on the wheel of a car like Jamie like but you really feel like what shouldn't you feel like you're tired yourself like you feel like you were in his shoes and just masterfully done but really really enjoyed that but then the following day I went back to the Prince Charles Cinema to watch the wachowskis first movie. And and I fucking loved it. Like I fucking loved it. Like I think it's fucking incredible. It's the premises a lady who is girlfriend to a Mafia Boss. She falls in love with a lady that lives in the hotel room next door and together. They come up the plot to Rob this money that he's recently got off him. It's a great pulpy sort of Noir fucking Like Thriller type movie it felt like a graphic novel like even the way they frame things also. It's so pre Matrix, like Darren lever the score feels like they just pulled it out of the Matrix the way it's shot where it's like like all constructed. It's just masterfully done. I was sitting there the whole time thinking how did the people that made this and the Matrix make the Matrix Reloaded? And the Matrix Revelations which brings me to the final movie that I watched Luke on the last episode of this season. I finally finished the Matrix Revelations. Oh, I love this. Yay closure. So what did you think? So how did you feel about all the Jesus metaphors? Well, I don't know if you know, but there is a lady that tried to sue the wachowskis. Claiming that she come up with the Matrix and the it was supposed to be a sequel to Terminator which when you put it together comic sense, like they always taken over it's gone and taken over puts innocent simulation and she's a very religious woman and I have oscillator ludicrous crazy woman thinking about it, but then I watched major Revelations and it's kind of like, you know, what can cut believe it more now like it's like, you know, it's like it's very religious movie. Where do I start with this league? Where do I start? So it was your favorite bit I like At the opening when they go to the vampire people with the werewolves and show ever and they fighting them and it's like they're fighting them like on the walls. Yes, because I was like, okay, that's cool. That feels like something that would be in the first but it felt like They were trying to do a new thing with a matrix but also using practical effects. I think where they lose me of the sequel's is the overuse of CGI, like it's insane, especially in this one. There's like 20 minutes maybe even more of just them shooting at these robotic things and I'm like what am I watching? This movie could be so much. Sure. Well, I'm bored watching CGI explosions for like Like Twitter like half an hour, I think at one point I asked her. What is going on? I would see Neo in like ages. It's gonna go fucking brilliant. Yeah. So you remember the last time I spoke about I think I spoke to mention the book is about how mention to you that I seen the opening. Yes. Yeah. I think you didn't say that on either. Okay, I'd seen the opening and I was like this is this is way better than the reloaded what we were talking about and then I got to the second act. It's just this giant I was like, okay, this is why isn't it? Yeah, it just gets bit shit from there. But I think I do think it starts stronger than that. Really. It's really I can't tell if I preferred Revelations when I first when I was first watching it because reloaded was like the ocean your mind. What was the the one that was like? Oh, wow. I only accepted what has happened from reloaded by the point. I got to Revelations jumps as I was repaired. Whereas we reloaded I wasn't prepared for like how she and yeah, it does take away. It's a it's a subtle but a notable like change in Direction. Yeah, and I didn't have a problem too much with some of the ideas in relations. I guess I like the the fight I don't know what I don't even know he lie. I don't know. I don't know. I can't decide I think they're both equally shit. I'm not going you know, I don't like to say anything to shit. You know, I really like you but like I think it'd be upsets me because you know how much I love the Matrix thing is as well, which you got to remember which may taint your opinion or future Matrix for yeah, that's like they're all in it. So it's established as it's going to be a sequel right? So it's going to Be more like reloaded and Revelations than the original made. Well, I hope is because they're back that it's kind of one of those things where like like a Days of Future Past type situation where it's like it's like a soft reboot. And this is the actual SQL that we wanted. I'm that's my man can only hope and pray and that's what I'm praying for. So yeah. Yeah, not very good. I'm not a very good movie. I mean, but it also feels like to me they've lost The Wachowski sister sort of lost their even their framing because what I love about their framings of that they feel very like graphic novel e and very I don't know this is very much then hmm, and then it feels like with the sequel's they kind of lost that a little bit it seems maybe maybe not so much with I don't know it just cut the event of it I think because they have the budget to do whatever they wanted that they didn't have any restrictions they kind of just did whatever you accept that sometimes I think restrictions help. Yeah, that's like a common. Thing that yes limitations help with creativity exactly. Yeah, so I found that I also found out because I did a bit of research classic. How how do they make bound and forgiving The Matrix and then make this very mind. I'm actually going to go through there from ography. So you guys may be in season 2. I can go through a bit more if I can try to understand the wachowskis how they obviously Speed Racer because it's really good and care about this haven't seen you for so I've still got some stuff to watch which I've heard mixed things about but yeah, I read that article. After the Matrix, they they used to storyboard everything. So they serve with everything. They've go over it hundreds of hundreds of times. There's been a lot of time in pre-production, but they said Apparently after the Matrix, they felt more comfortable to just improvise stuff which I think pros and cons. Yeah, so which I think is interesting is I think that's when it I could really feel that yeah, whereas I think that I like the approach they have of the bound reference like tight. I would highly recommend watching Bound By the way Luke. I think it's just fucking fan. I think you'd really like it. It's a really good. The anything about its criticize anything about found it would be just that the the protagonist's kind of seemed to drop out a bit. It becomes someone else's movie for a bit. Okay, other than that live off was fucking amazing. Do you think that it could be reasoned the reason that the later movies are less storyboarded and less quote unquote tight could be bit like success and production pressure possibly like it's when you like the first two Films that they did in my brain now is this bound and Matrix so they had all the Time in the World to like not although yo pre-production. They had all the time in the world. So that's when there's less money involved. But then the sequel to Matrix, they would probably had producers being like go. We want that to equal now SQL now give us a fucking SQL now and especially with Revelations. They probably have had even less time. It was maybe very much like Star Wars the rise of Skywalker and end game where it's like These films are coming out in two years. I don't care how you get to it. But this film is coming out in two or three years make it work could be and so they're pre-production suffered because of that. Yeah. I just want to say like I think from bound and the Matrix alone like that which house keys are like some of my favorite filmmakers. So when I say that the sequins are shit, I don't that's not me digging on them at all because I love them. It's more just the disappointment life. Because how much all other Matrix so yeah, we'll see. I'm very excited for what see what they do with the Matrix for mmm. Yeah, it could be it could very well be that you know, you don't know these things so you can have logged in stuff that stays behind the scenes. I need to watch their other films as well. So that was me. That was you that was me very nice. So unless you've got further interruptions, I'll ask the first audience submitted questions questions. Yeah. So the first question I have here is what film is awful for one of you but an amazing film for the other that's a great question. So pretty much most of the films that you can think of a pro think a shit. Yeah. That's a really good question. I feel like we've had one on the podcast or we spoken about one before kids. I know kids. I did not like kids. I like. Yeah, I like that a lot. But I feel like it's not like what I've loved you like it as well kids is one of those films that you want. Mentally. Yeah, so by not liking it you like it. Yeah. It's supposed to be horn. Ah, yeah, it's like that. Can you step away and go I don't like this. That's why I want you to know. It doesn't want you to like it. So you actually achieving its goals. So you should like it but I'm I haven't made that step. I'm just like not for me and just like put I'm like a child with brussels sprouts just pushing the plate away and like yeah, I'm good. It's a tough watch. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm trying to think joker as well. I yes. I thought that was one this year that I really liked you didn't like They come out also training not this year. That's very funny. Huh? I think it's it's hard because I don't dislike a lot of films. Like I can go into most felt like even spicy's species like you can find it has 14 reviews and is sitting at like a to on most rating sites, but I got enjoyment out of it. Like I enjoyed the batshit craziness. I am the Joker like I know a lot of people like they don't like how he kills People and doesn't there's no retribution for that or the dancing is like a lesser example, but then like I can look past bits and pieces and see what I enjoy old boy. I remember that I enjoyed it, but you fucking love it the same with uncut gems. I enjoyed it you fucking love it. And then you have I'm very extreme all that you are you are extra. It's either you love it or it doesn't deserve to be on a disk. You know what that I think he's weird. He's like, I don't I'm pretty similar in terms of like a bit a very very like really dislike a film unless I feel you know that certain attachment and that get crushing. It was a co-worker but then for example as actually I was just thinking about one we talked about that one some Hollywood you wasn't because I was you whereas I love that one. Yeah, but again, I feel that's similar to uncut gems. It's like I get I like a lot of it. I just don't like the mert the the lady the Chicago Robert. Yes, Sharon Tate's that like that involvement. And like the more I thought about it, the more that opinion has solidified because somebody used the argument that it is twisting history. So it's a better outcome which is and somebody brought up the fact of Inglourious Basterds and in my mind Inglourious Basterds is great and I can look past the way that it's twisted history and I can do that normally, but I feel that one handles it way better and is a much clearer Twist of History while this one is I don't know. It's I just don't you two go I said, yeah, it's like whatever Vibe with it. That's why I find it. Very sweet. I find it. Very sweet ending. I think it's actually one of Tarantino's sweet sweet is then into his movies. I guess maybe that Jackie Brown as well and I think they feel to watch and it always be I think I'm traffic you they were definitely the one I think that we've listed them. I'm pretty sure there's one what you really dislike and I really like and Another Joker is the big one. That was too if the answer is the person that question. I think it does. I feel like we can give it an interest in answer though, which is fine. This is Miles tougher on the spot. Yeah, we didn't plan anything. I don't have like a list of reviews to go through today. It's weird isn't I'd like a handful of questions. So we'll just chat. We're just enjoying it. We're reminiscing reminiscently. It's been a long fucking humbly 50 episodes more. Fuck. Yeah more than this one. Is this 52? Weeks a year so so this will be our 54th episode fucking minute or 54th. I know right? And some of those it was just us and we did multiple films. So we did in the region of like 55 to 60 films. It's a lot of movies a lot of movies. Yeah. I just hope that answers the question. Really I don't you don't know that's classic lately. Yeah. Okay. So next question. I've got who's your favorite guests? Oh favorite guests. That's it. That's the whole of the question whose favorite guests, right? I'm gonna break this down into categories if I saw it. Yeah. I feel that's nicer. Yeah, I'm gonna go right in its carriers. So I'm gonna say favorite moment on the podcast. Okay. I've got one. I've got one. So right you go first favorite moment the podcast my favorite moment podcast is the twist in Mamma Mia to that was great. That was great because that took Everyone by shock and was just it filled my heart with joy. That was fantastic. That was a really good moment. Actually. What about you for me? It would be when we were doing the end game reviews and the guy was shitting on superhero movies and Marvel films and then it was revealed that he was I started to see fan like totally series that was that was one of the fun another good twist. That was a great twist because we were just pissed ourselves laughing and it just it was it was so perfect because I've actively spoken about those people before so to bring it was just it was a yeah, that was a great. That was great fun. As well from four five videos, really really really enjoyed that one then I was thinking about so that's best moment. Mmm. I'll sing about guests with the most sort of facts. Okay, so Johnny's go first with this one. Yeah, I feel you've got someone loaded and yeah, so for me the person who bought the most facts about their movie would be Julie for Singing in the Rain when Julie come on Daddy sing in the rain. Yeah. She had a lot of good facts that stuff out of hello. Not that episode which is why I think up. Pick that one. Okay. Okay, really enjoyed that one as well. Do actual males may be for me. I think it might it's a split in my brain because I completely forgot about sing in the rain because I'm an awful person but the Willy Wonka episode we honor because he had a lot of passions like just chatting away for the whole thing. And then Sean in episode 2 with The Big Lebowski. I remember us going through so many reviews in him. I don't remember him a row beating him. Off. Mmm, so that's I was good one as well. Yeah. That was good. Yeah, I think anyone come on. He had a lot of facts. I remember that actually kinda did. Yeah, I enjoyed that one a lot. Especially the whole thing about Gene Wilder doing the little flip thing because he said it would say it says so much more about yeah because like if you can't trust him to walk in front of you what can you trust which I fucking love that real of that which funny you said about Sean because that brings me to my next one. Which I was going to say the funniest episode. We think personally the episode I think the funniest steel is episode 2 with The Big Lebowski I even when I listen to it now, I have laughter. Okay, but I don't know if that's because of the film being so funny. Mmm, and we're just talking about moments in the film and characters that are silly that I enjoy rather than the actual pokers itself I can tell but that's the one that comes to my mind first right way for me. It's the twists. The the hilarious twists of his because every time I think like the end game one in the moment real one as soon as I think about them just a smile engulfs my face because I'm like I caused this this is Hello Larry. I was good. There was one I remember one where you had to review a country episode. It was now but you said a review and it was like the most ludicrous thing. Is that one line and it was something ridiculous met a great guy. Oh, no the fucking Fountain the fountain episode where you said, About the the tree come the tree country car was fucking was great. Yeah, that's funny. And also a more recent episode The Last Jedi it made me come blood. Yep. That's true. Yeah, that was fun. I enjoyed that people look at times people great. I love I love negative reviews because sometimes sometimes they got a good point and sometimes they're just batshit crazy. You know, I enjoy them. I love the mix of them, especially especially when you start with a silly one because it just gets the just gets me. At a fo Force about to come from tree to tree it's funny because we all knew what they were talking about soon as I mentioned it. So if you've seen the founding people out there you would know exactly what we're talking about with the country come true. Yeah, and then I was going to say like just best chat like that. We had like a really good chat that's harder for me because I feel like the majority of our episodes have been good chat a hundred percent. I agree if you had to pick one. It's tough difficult. I think to do this. It's like this is not just creating any other guests that we've had. I'm like we've had so many great guests on it's just ones that stand out on my head my head right now. So it goes for me like the the best one of the best chats. I feel like was the Eternal Sunshine with Adam. Oh, yeah. We spoke about love and yeah, I just want to cuz we really got deepen it get it. We spoke about stuff that wasn't just about the film and spoke more about the sort of I guess I sent you the philosophy of yeah. That's a good show. That's good shout eyes. I feel like we had a really interesting chat all of us have different perspectives on it. And I really enjoyed that one feels really good discussion. Yeah, it's good to do this because I think as well if people haven't listened people listen to this now having listened to those. I mean, please go check out some of them obviously if you've seen the film maybe maybe that's the thing like I know for a fact that the majority of people don't listen to some of our episodes because they haven't watched the film. It's very first and then a good chunk of those people are very much like me. They're like, oh, yeah, I'll watch that film and then six months later. Maybe they've watched it. So get around to see ya but I find a lot of the episodes you can listen to without seeing the film especially depending on how well the guest was able to like some of the plot or just give enough information because there are some films that if I was a listener, I probably never watched like the fountain for example, I think if it wasn't for this podcast, you know, I would never have watched the fountain but I feel like Bespoke enough about it that you didn't need to watch it without getting some enjoyment from the episode if that makes sense. Yeah, totally. Yeah, I enjoyed those as well. They were really good the kids and found in episodes of shown as really differ. So with Harry with the law that are rings. Yes, Lauren who's so research for that day was I can you narrowed? I love you Harry, but that does bring me onto a good question though. The next question actually off the films that we've done. One that you hadn't watched before we had to record them. What's been your favorite film the ones I hadn't seen before. Yeah joint called. Yeah, so I don't know how much that's going to limit your it's not gonna limit that much like what has been your favorite sort of films that we've done since starting the podcast that you only watched for the podcast. So should I list off the ones that I hadn't seen before we doing the podcast and then so people know? Why I've chosen it out of generating. Yeah, I was like, why don't you choose all for Christmas, which is one of the ones that you didn't see isn't that what that is? Yeah, but actually by really enjoyed that movie reel of the movie, right? So the what the films that I haven't seen that who I hadn't seen before we recorded the podcast were Synecdoche New York after Christmas Brave the fountain and The Nightmare Before Christmas. Okay a nice little list there. So that would they were the That's wonderful as if that's possible. Charlie called count as five. Yeah, so the five like in movies that have the five. My favorite would probably be sent it to be New York. Okay, I think I'll just Mind boggled by the whole thing of like, how did someone write this and make this and how did it kind of how did it work? Hmm, probably one of the most existential movies I've ever seen and the fountains on this list. This is so So it would probably be a toss-up of the to but I did really like The Nightmare Before Christmas as well good because I was about to feel very offended. Yeah. Yeah. No. No, I did like I enjoyed all these movies and why were these actually yes, and that's key for me. I think it's stuck with me for a while after watching it. I sort of contemplating my existence after watching the fucking thing and I think a movie that makes you think after seeing it is always A good one. Well not always a good one, but it's done its job or it's it's got some good value to it. You know, I mean, yeah. Yeah, and I really like that and also Philip Seymour Hoffman's on my factors of all time. So just to see him be incredible as always. It was just great big fan Charlie Kaufman as well. So yeah, I really enjoyed that one. That would probably my favorite of the five lukewarm ones if you're not seen and what is your favorite? Okay, so I didn't list them. I just have a picture of the canvas that will be the the icon for this episode. It's on one a very quickly say these ones the ones I hadn't seen before the podcast would be the fountain momento Treasure Planet Creed kids True Romance Fifth Element Goodfellas train to Busan Starship Troopers her and Children of Men. I believe that's all of them. That's like 12 and my favorite of those probably Really? Oh, yeah, just because I was like, I didn't know you liked so much. That's right. Yeah, I really liked her but like it was one of those that have been recommended to me such a long time ago. So I think me of the past would have enjoyed that way more but I still like like I can imagine younger me enjoying it way more and that's rubbed off a little bit and I'm like, yeah, that's probably my favorite of the world and because I should have watched it back. I'm eating right fucking movie as well. I film - that's kind of gone missing a bit in terms of the people speaking about it. I mean hmm everybody speak about that movie anymore. I remember the time everyone was talking about it, but it's kind of just which is a shame because I think it's I mean, it's very good. Nothing. It's very still relevant. Yeah, I think it's because when you boil it down to guy falls in love with phone, yeah, it's not it's not super appealing plot. Synopsis is a size. Not that's very interesting yet a lot on there as well. 12 films my God. I thought I was way more that room sadly just like one of my personal favorite films as a kid. I mean even still is in my heart of all time. Yeah, but I have a cold or hot now so reviews you have to read out exactly now, it's made my heart beat more for these negative because you live for the negativity do is so good. So good at all those films that you hadn't seen though quite a few there. Mmm. What one do you think you would Re-watch the most or re-watch again, for example, I have all of those so like for her her could be a favorite but like one that you might like say like for example, like you might want to re-watch Starship Troopers because it's good fun action movie or True Romance because the same thing or yeah Fifth Element. Yeah. Yeah. I can understand you're quite the issue is right. Yeah, and this is where I boils down to how people pick their quote unquote favorite films. Yeah is that I picked my favorite depending on Watch ability. Okay. So like that is true. Wreck-It Ralph as my favorite film. I could watch multiple times in a day while someone could come on with their favorite film being kids. Probably not want to watch that fucking multiple times a day or whatnot. We're just picking on kids. Now what films we got trained to be something our trying to put sounds great. We watch that one. That's Netsky New York. Now, I feel ya know. So that's key New York because I feel though you'd want to re-watch it. You probably don't want to do a showing. I have something to eat and then do a showing again immediately afterwards. You want some time to like let me some space for that movie. I think I'll watch it for a while and he said I don't know it seems like it's tough to watch like there's certain movies. Like I really love but I don't feel the need to want to write re-watch again because I like her harrowing they are it depends like how I feel but so like Requiem for a Dream or something, like for example, like I'm watching a long time since I first watched it, but that's not what I think I've seen it like twice but because because of the whole the way it makes you feel Makes you feel like fucking shit. I was watching it. So you don't really have to be in a certain mood to watch films like that ever. It depends. So yeah hurt her. I know you mean like it's very monotone, isn't it? It's very, you know, you can sort of stick it on. It's quite flows by doesn't it? Yeah, it's got nice like pacing to yeah and and not to discredit it, but you could probably dip out and get back in. I know you like I know you something else. I'm havisham like that. Yeah, you should always viewing so you can appreciate a little less that said Memento as well. That one was really good. I think for the time line structure you might want to watch that but I remember always upset about pacing for of mementos to maybe I wouldn't want to wash it out a little bit because I wasn't as great but you know, it doesn't me for re-watch ability and stuff forever. I mean, that's the thing. I favorite films have been done this year. So if it was out of all of them Wreck-It Ralph obviously now the fire probably be not in for Christmas. It's because it's the best on that now because likes Synecdoche New York and the fountain I mean that's a double bill over gonna be depressed for a machining yourself and off a Christmas was really good and brave was really good. But I don't think they have quite the originally that then I move for Christmas has so yeah that mother for Christmas just fucking crazy. It's great. I love that. The songs are great as well could have a look-see. Singsong with it will sing along perfect November film that you watch it every day in November. It's the only name and Christmas hats. So it is a Christmas movie straight up Christmas hats in it, which is what we've confirmed. Now. I feel if we have a doodoo much Christmas hat equal Christmas movie does need to be some sort of merchandise the people need to know. Yeah, just just spread the message far and wide and he does there is Christmas hats in Die Hard. So it is a Christmas movie. There we go statement. And okay. So while we rumbled for a little bit I have a surprise for you Charlie go mate, and the surprise is that one of these questions it was are you guys going to have a Golden Globes episode going over what you thought of the winners and what happens beside that? However, I didn't want to talk about the Golden Globes because you know after the winners and whatever happened in the baftas Oscars the Golden Globes afterwards you just you just look at the winners you just Go okay this person one. Do I agree with that? Do I not agree with that? I think there's other person should have one or not one and I thought let's change that. Let's let's have the first ever your fear award you fear see how your fear is your headphones will fall but the acronym the acronym and I feel that's a nice way of saying it. So let's listen as let's make sure that we all know you say your fear your fear your fear, okay. However, because it is the first ever one there's going to be very few categories. There's gonna be five categories. Yeah. I hope you can deal with that. So we're got our little wall. Yeah, we got our own little case. It's we're going to have like the little golden camera. Okay, that would be a good thing when it's when we get all the money we can make little camera statues and give other people gave him soon Stevens about you know, is that hey, we could be liver it so we could be the next baftas Oscars. You gonna have the mask, you know, I have to Go save your favorite film. He's all for it. Just be like, that's why we change it to your fear fear fear fear fear because that way it's just an acronym nobody. It's like if you ask the common person what bafta means are they going to know that seized earlier the probably going to go British Oscars something. Yeah always Oscars are not there is no but it's just like what is it? Yeah, Cindy. Yeah. He was like it's in the Zeitgeist somewhere if I'm pretty sure I found out before be a if you put your fear. Let them think up what it means and will mow and listeners Elmo, but we don't actually need to tell anyone. So the categories that we've got best feature Best Director best actor best actress most awful films of 2019. And the spin of this one is that the nominees were all submitted by our listeners are shit. So we don't decide we have to know yeah, we're decided makes more sense. I was out of their list that's good. Yeah. I thought it was a nice little democracy. Exactly. Well slide democracy. It's like in the in the Simpsons movie where they give the Arnold Schwarzenegger character would suck. Yeah, and it's like, okay, you've got five options. I pick number three don't you want to read it number three? Yeah. This is what it's going to happen Okay. Okay. So are you ready? I'm ready mate. So the best feature nominees are Uncut gems Avengers and game. Okay the lighthouse yes. Parasite fantastic Joker. The pause is beautiful is a beautiful horse Charlie's Angels, which was a joke. Submission. Booklet scones be counted book smart. Great Knives Out brilliant for summer. Okay. She hadn't seen that fuck that's bad. There was such a questioning tone. So I wasn't sure if that came out in 2018 or fuck. Yeah. I haven't seen that. Yeah marriage story. I'm 1917. Those are all wow nominees. Yeah a lot. It's one of us. A lot of people have a lot of different tastes. So best feature best feature. So how we doing this and we both just going to pick what I think we're going to have to negotiation. Yeah, we're both going to have to go. Okay, which one and then if we don't agree we're going to have to fight to the death. Okay, we're good. We have to debate. Why would she get yeah, so I'm trying to be different because I can't look sharp be different. This is actually my favorite movie. Okay, 2019, but I'm also saying it because the film that I would have also chosen one. So I'm going to go for uncut gems as best picture of the Year for me as much as I loved. Most of all those other ones you just said and I think any of them could take the spot. Hmm. I'm gonna go with uncut gems just because I'm going to think about me for a very long time. That's fair. That's fair for me. Like it's a bit hard because neither of us. Have watched for Sana and I wasn't coming in are in between 1917 and Joker for quite a while until I realized that no parasites. So my pick of those nominations is of course parasite my reasoning is it fucking want everything. So you might as well win here as well. All right? Okay. Well, I can't argue that and it was what I was going to say, but I thought it'd be different to us because but you picked it, so no, there's no need. It deserves it. You're right. The affect you your fee feraud your prevent. Fuck you. Why although he said puffier know your fear fear Award for best picture goes to parasite a parasite. That's a well-deserved well-deserved hits from the bong. I love all we say that as if it means anything currently but come the third one. It will be may be high esteem. We were all like Brad Pitt's in the room like he's He's got a speech prepared for best supporting which we don't have a yeah, we don't have that scary. But who knows maybe he was nominated for just best actor as well as we don't have supporting so they can they can get the best actor is really knows I do because I have the list in front of it Best Director. Okay. So for this one again, we have bonds you ho hits from the bong the safty brothers my boys Robert Eggers my boy, Jordan Peele. Wow. Damn. Okay, Sam Mendes. Okay. She okay. Yeah. Olivia Wilde fuck fuck Quentin Tarantino's. Yeah. It's what they did to me. I forgot the list this year Bo Burnham. Fuck me. That was last year. I hate grade. I was I'll sweet fucking come back having a beautiful mother and too many good people on the list too. Many good people fuck. It's one of those I should have fact-checked. I apologize listener for wasting your time guys. No, Ron Johnson, you know what's going on? Yeah, but he got the best feature nominees. Come on. You got bounced out not everyone has that track mind of giving the same person all of the awards. Yeah, and of course for those at home who don't know the films that is Parasite and cut gems Lighthouse us 1917 book smart and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood respectively shit. I assume they could have released multiple films. I just assume that's the big one. Ones that they're all going to talk about again wanting to be different. Okay? Okay interesting. I'm gonna go for this is tough. Do you know what I'm torn between ya going so I'm torn between obviously bong. Joon-ho. The safdie's and Quentin Tarantino interesting interesting because I think Tarantino's Direction in this movie. He kind of not stepped up because he's always been great, but there was a level of maturity but these aren't all my children actor. Anyway, I hate when people say that anyway bad, but about this movie that and it's quite sweet is quite a have all of these movies is very sweet. I think that's one of the reasons I would choose it. However, I do think it's not as tight paste wise as something like parasite and uncut gems. So you know what I know what's going to happen the same thing we did with the last ones you have again, but I'm gonna go for the safdie's just going to be different the only with sector then you know, Luke's get to see what he thinks looky going for look long as you have. Yeah giant scrap it. No. No, I haven't finished. It's so good. He's upper always up there. Okay? Okay. I jumped the gun. We only have you already convinced of use out of it. That's what is that bong? It's not one of our bars are trying to make it. That's the Oscars. But the thing is right. This is only the two of us and we don't have the credibility right now. So we've only got fire towards shut the fuck up. Look at yourself. We would check yourself before you wreck yourself true big big rest of the exactly Damn it. We've only got five Awards, right? Yeah, and even if you'd picked it my argument would be let's not give all of our Awards to parasite. Yes. Do you have one for Devon for best screenplay? Because then we don't know so I'm going to give my pick my selection to Jordan Peele. Okay for us. I listen to that I shit. So now we're with the safdie's and Jordan Peele uncut gems versus us. Both would pick Rock bong really we know this then we but well, I think if this was a bigger crew, yeah, we didn't know wheat Market bong because he was just he was just amazing. Yeah, he's already got our best feature. He's only two of us got the Oscar. We desire fear. He doesn't he doesn't need that much gold in his life. It's fine we but we get a statue out about us. He's getting a statue for you're talking about building a statue of him. Meanwhile deserve a fucking awesome. Yeah. What was that? Okay, so it's the same. Robbers versus a Jordan Peele. Wow, that's versus uncut gems. Wow, I'm gonna say the reason I would pick the safdie's is because of the constant build of tension and anxiety that they build because not only is that in the script? Yeah, but the camera being so claustrophobic with a lot of people in the in the on the in the frame at once and of cuts and movement like it's so seamless even though they're moving the camera quite a bit. That's why I would argue the safdie's for my for my pick for best director. I just think it to construct the whole movie in to create a pace that runs throughout and constantly makes you feel like oh, what is he doing like and stressed and it never really lose its momentum. It keeps keeps kids going that's very difficult thing to do. And I think that's why I'm going to pick the safeties for best director also having Really Dave. I mean good times a beautiful movie. Anyway, I think this one they really kind of stepped out and that's a budget thing and also just like just having work experience as well. Yeah. Yeah. I got it going off that but the whole visual thing. Oh, yeah. Can can you honestly tell me that like icon imagery that uncut gems if you were to see like if someone's to pick one picture of uncut gems and one picture of us you'd have A stronger connection to uncut gems instead of the iconic image of the Silhouettes at the top of the driveway or the knives of the glove and the what were they like boilers jumpsuit the red boiler suit, like there's so much the camera work. How is like the framing the state? The blocking is really well done. Plus there's quite comedic elements involved that like help ease you I know for a fact that you fucking love the bit where the guy gets on the boat and Put his hands on his hips like mac like come on. And yes, that probably isn't the strip that he gets on the boat looks around going met that but thought that delivery is I imagine we've sent me, you know, it's been a little while that's that's why I started off with a losing battle here because uncut gems is a fairly recent film for us. It's true. However, I mean I'm not against this Jordan Peele argument I do think as well he as much as I think get out is more important. I do think he does step it up as a director visually and it feels I mean if for example the the bit where it's cutting between the dance the ballet dance, yes, and that and Firebird the way that's choreographed just I was like, oh shit, that's pretty fucking damn good and the bit where the kid clicking walking back with the fire. Yes, so I could do kind of want to give it to Jordan Peele as well. I'm such a big fan of the safdie's. It's difficult. The other thing that's actually making me decide that it could be the during pill is the fact that it's a horror movie. Hmm, and it's very rare that we have the opportunity to give a horror movie a Best Director award. So I think we could yeah, I think so. I feel bad. I feel like I'm really support my boys enough, but it's I want that is my boy as well. Yeah, it's there all you boys. I mean, it's more just how much I liked uncle Jim's connects me personally, I'd because I really like the stuff like them going in through the gem and coming out of him having his mouth inspected. Like there's loads of things like that and going back in because it kind of made me feel that this is just one story in the universe like that's going to happen. This is going that mean like and I kind of made me feel that this opal did have some of Mystic realm you like me and I'm a friend of mine was saying like it almost feels like in another movie. You'll find out that some guy had the German died as well. Whoever touches the Jitters like to do of death like this. It's out the start with the guy getting the gem dying or hind leg. Fuck it. You know what because us is been pushed out the way - and an uncut gems. I got the independent Spirit awards for best director, so they got that this gives You until your variables because you know, no one he hasn't being eaten get any recognition whatsoever. Because too many comic movie come out earlier in the year. I think that it's bullshit that bullshit time bias. Fuck it. Let's give Jordan Peele Best Director. Fuck. Yeah. I do want to get to the safdie's that's really sad thing is though. I've said it now. It's lost and Bong. Joon-ho as well. Like gwangju should get it really he's had enough. He doesn't need more. How do you want the southeast to win? But we'll see they might make sales that both. The wall exactly. I feel like my friends who listen to us. I could be like chai what you doing? You been told about and God bless you. You couldn't even buzzed like you have I do really like us they know I really love us as well. And I do kind of want to give it to Jordan Peele because a lot people moan about tonal shifts and stuff and that movie did that a lot and I thought we did it fantastic it did but I think that did it very well. So it was one of the better examples also it's a horror movie. I've like of Justified it lets, you know, fuck it John peel Best Director 2019 going to the Rewards yeah, okay. So next category. You read it got best actor Tom Holland for Spider-Man that Unfortunately they didn't tell me so Tom Wallace just Tom Hollander Robert Pattinson Willem Dafoe. Well, yes, of course Roman Griffin Davis Adam Sandler Joaquin Phoenix Adam Driver. Oh, you know, my mind was made up and then you said the last name you did this guy's for me. It's about Battle of the atoms Sandler and Driver. Yeah, Adam Driver is fucking phenomenal. I think he's one of my favorite actors at the moment like hands down almost current but then Adam Sandler is Adam Sandler and the fact that he pulled this row at the bag and he's so good in it. Like he just he's so it's an iconic character, isn't it? And whether that's down this is the saffy's as well. Are we going to be thinking about Adam drivers character in our story or we're going to be thinking about how we Howard Howard ratna but then it's different a different different movies already and he and Driver gives such a good performance I feel like you know what it should go to Adam Driver okay but I'm gonna give it to Adam Sandler interesting because I've let down my boys already okay I'm not getting an uncut gems deserves something something okay so Adam Sandler is going to be my pick first actor okay my turn my turn Spotlight now when Joe came out I immediately said walking Phoenix is performance was amazing yeah he deserves awards for it you deserve recognition yeah thing is he got it yeah so he doesn't need it here okay The FAA rules. It's the affair Awards is my Awards and rewards so we can decide what the fuck we want. Unfortunately. I haven't seen like the lighthouse so I can't say whether or not Robert passes and Willem Dafoe all their fucking phenomenal willing. I'm always me really good as well. There was never a doubt in my mind. I just absolutely yeah exactly Adam Driver marriage story. I'm sure he's amazing. Unfortunately. I've only seen him in the rise of trouble. I haven't seen it yet. It's one of those. It's out on Netflix. It's waiting for me. It's calling my name. However time of recording. I just I've had some extra shit. I have to watch my hero Academia Roman Griffin Davis, Georgia rabbit young little lad fucking killed it. However, young little lad. Is that going to be his last movie role? Probably not, huh? I'm giving it and together. We're giving it to Adam Sam. Yeah mum and my reasoning is that whilst I was watching it. I didn't see Adam Sandler know like a runner. Yeah, he was how he was this piece of shit human being. Yeah, not the funny guy from all those films I watched yeah, so I just it connected. Well, I think and act like he lost himself in that role to the point where I wasn't seeing him anymore. And so he deserves recognition. He deserves the spirit award and the affair award. Fantastic. Do you think he's sitting there now listening to this podcast saying this is me. This is our I went you want the your free rewards and that's what really man. Yeah. That's what matters not the independent variables. No, no fear. Yeah. I wonder if he listened to all that pre ramble before we got to this point like, oh, he's a big fan. I've been told brilliant. Yeah. I'm someone who can just let everyone else know in your your Group. Yeah, if this off be would love to get this at these on we love you. You are not the only thing that right. Yeah. I mean, you know, it's tough to pick your brains. Yeah, and then you can come on fuck off, you know have less of our friends and more of high-end celebrities. Yeah. Exactly Okay. So we've done the actors now it's time for the actresses. Okay. So best actress of 2019 Scarlett Johansson Lupita Nyong'o Samara weaving Margot Robbie Reese Witherspoon. I like summer evening in ready or not. It is not necessarily a performance that Compares to that of Scarlett Johansson Olympian the youngest in my Min. So for me, it's out of those two and if the fingers with this is that Scarlett Johansson's fantastic in both JoJo rabbit and marriage story. So she's got like two that I'm like, does she get it because she's so good in both of them. That is the question that being said the Pian younger who gives the most iconic performance. Yeah the voice. Oh my God, and I think Thing that you'd feel like on paper if you heard I'm gonna do a voice for it. You'd be like that shouldn't work jae-min but it's fucking terrifying. Yeah, she definitely put in the work for that role and she's brilliant and you know watching it fucking nominated which was bullshit. So the PSI another horror snub, isn't it Lupita? Nyong'o's getting my best pick my pick for best actress? Okay. I have a similar thinking Reese Witherspoon. I I personally don't remember seeing anything with her in it. So that's just my personal bias. I can't give her the award Margot Robbie again I know she was good in bombshell haven't seen but yeah I didn't watch it was one of those it just didn't this is this is the problem with the yeah let's go watch a ball 100 guys this is the problem with Oscar look let's be honest here this know we buy throughout the hey who wants to give us some nominees for these categories two days before recording we had no chance to check this material tomorrow leaving amazing and everyone up it's great but you're right it does just become a toss-up between scarjo and the Peter and I want to give it to the Peta however I have the data in front of me and I feel it would be wrong for us not to have a discussion because scarjo got more nominations than anything in any other category Shit. Yeah, I'm like a hundred people went through and nominated. They didn't nominate an all the fucking categories obviously, but scarjo just just kept getting those nominations. Fuck. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I understand that though. And also again people ask is not in people's brains. It's not I get ya. It's not just said she was talking about Scott transfers a lot in the Oscar race. Like I mean it was it was all there but the problem is right. I only saw in Georgia rabbit. And between those two I can't give scarjo the award for best actress for her performance and JoJo, but I can give it to the Peter and us so this is going to be a mental struggle for you because it's a question of is scarred Rose naturalistic acting in marriage story of a higher or slightly less, but still quite high quality to Lupita's acting in US. I've you can really compare. The only thing I will say is I think you'll appear at a more difficult job to even be considered in this conversation for a horror movie performance where she's playing the villain and the hero and the hero is very rare and as much as I love Scott Johnson, I think she should get the thing that's keeping my mind keeps going back to his fucking the pious should have been nominated very least and it's I think it's I think it's not taking credit away from what's called Johnson was because she doesn't incredible. I mean like I mean I'm struggling to pick between the two. Yeah, but the pr I thought like had a more difficult task in front of her. Sorry, and she pulled it off magnificently. So I'm going to go for the peony on gu being wrong. Yep. Best actress best actress 2019 your fear Awards right here. You've heard it here first you go. Okay. So are you ready for the final category gone? So the final category is as I've already mentioned most all full. Our brand is awful the awful award so much. By doing this because I don't like being negative maybe skip that stopped. This is not this is not your oh shit. I say it so much and it's not you know, and this is not the purpose of the podcast look- part, but if the winner of this nomination listens back to this and feels offended just remember we're not picking on the film. We're not saying that this film is shit or bad quality or anything. It was just a of a lesser quality than the other films that came out. It's like comparing. A bigger piece of gold to a small piece of gold then both golden the movie Precious but one was ever so slightly Superior maybe because the feel I'm going to pick if it's on then I hope it has on there is you know, I'm not I'm not going to I'm you know, I'm not to be negative but there's times when I time I Relish in it and I will Relish in it with this one and then we'll hear and see if it's nominated first. Okay, before we go come so the Film nominees for most awful our dark Phoenix. Ma cats Charlie's Angels. I cannot ever best feature and most awful. Yeah, dude, Ad Astra by feet apart Men In Black International what they would go out of this shit. All right did current this year from last Christmas and Star Wars 9 rise of Skywalker. Hmm. What kind of what he'll do? People tough decision we have here ladies and gentlemen, I would go for hmm. Don't know. What do you reckon? Look this is very tough not I think your emotions blind you. Yeah, maybe they do Luke, but I want to give it this award the rise of Skywalker most awful. It deserves it. Okay it fucking it. I'm sorry. It's ruin the Star Wars saga. I sound like such a fucking the Canterbury confirm. I've become the very thing I swore to destroy. I've become the very only thing I'm going to show it too much but you've heard me talk about it for two hour-long podcast. And for my videos is episode. You've heard me talk about enough on here. You don't need team until I feel this category for this year isn't actually going to be a debate between us. It's going to be me trying to convince you that a different film was worse than how you felt. My pick is Charlie's Angels. My reasoning for Charlie's Angels is the same reason I gave way back when I actually watched it and this is the trip I want to take you on okay so the rise of Skywalker tell me yes or no were you bored you are upset you were surprised the third viewing I was bored on the foot yeah but who watches and the second three sons who watches a film twice in the same day because that's the thing that must've listed items and have to know is that you watched it three times in 24 hours who does that who does that with a film they don't like the Press people who are trying to clutch at everything they can to love that movie Fools I tried so hard so Taking a step away, right? Because let's be honest that first viewing though dis pleasurable. You are not bored. Charlie's Angels. I have seen once you've seen nonsense nonsense not I'm going on the stairs. Maybe you are not suppose. You've seen zero times now you went in with high expectations for the rise of Skywalker. Some may even say too high. I went into Charlie's Angels with no expectations to low expectations and it still failed them. I agree with your point your point and in any other case, I would say you're probably right. However, does Charlie's Angels ruin the other movies for you? I don't know because I watch them. Yes. Are you going to be thinking about Charlie's Angels next year? no but again that's because the issue here right is that we've got one film on its own but it's a reboot of the franchise exactly and my golly and from what I've heard it shouldn't have been yeah yes but if you'd watch The Rise Skywalker on its own because a lot of a surprising number of people do like the rise of Skywalker and an unsurprising black of people like Charlie's Angels but the question is I'm going to be haunted by this movie for the rest of my life for the rest of my life I don't know if you didn't watch it that's why I know for even if I watched it I would forget about it the next day maybe that our after I've seen it I'm going to be haunted by it for the rest is not left me there's a part of me than now that is missing but there's that was taken away from me I'm gonna silence such a fucking you do you do I'm just like a little fan boys I'm aware but it is It's a yeah, okay, and I've tried I've tried in all my heart to forgive the movie. I really am. I'm really happy, you know, I believe in forgiveness like, you know, you know me like, you know, I don't like to be like this this is this this hurts me. I'm very hurt. But I just I've got to give it to it hadn't gone. I'm kind of gotten I mean, this is the most prestigious Awards of all time. It is your fear and people need to love that. You can't say I can't say A and B. We need to know. Okay. Okay, look you step back and you look at you allowed Jordan Peele to win because of my reasoning. So in this circumstance, I will step back and accept that Star Wars. Episode 9 the rise of Skywalker deserves the most awful film of 2019 in the affair Awards, which means that it one it will want to know Corey's they've been yes. Yes. Yeah that that was all I was all five awards. That was fun. I enjoyed that. Yeah. I really did. I feel we definitely need to do this next year this up every Yeah, yeah. Yeah, fuck best top 10 films of Charlie and Luke as you know, keep that includes a nice December things like the end of the year. Also. It's fucking March now. We're doing a fucking film awards for the last year's. What are we like? I mean they did it last year. They did the Oscars were in March last year early March. I'm pretty sure yeah, I remember waiting for a lot with the fuck. So thank you for Patiently listening through our debates the winners. The your fear Award for best feature goes to parasite. Fuck. Yeah. She deserved. It. It's fun that bomb. The affair old for best director goes to mr. Jordan Peele fuckin scissors and man, as you said horror horror movie. It's a horror movie. We give it as always get overlooked the afiya award for best actor. Can you believe this goes to Adam? And your boy Adam Sandler for best Adam Sandler. Perfect. The your fear Award for best actress goes to the Peter yeonggi. So it's so deserves so desert fucking bullshit and get a fucking nomination absolute bullshit absolute bullshit and the most awful film of 2019 that gets the award from the afiya the most prestigious. but would ceremony the only award ceremony yeah the only one they want the matter everyone should really go down the most awful film goes to Star Wars episode nine the rise of Skywalker beautiful you go it won something yeah and you know listener if you don't agree I'm just remember this is your fault cause you're the one that gave us these nomination yes you could nominated anything it's true that said flip side of the coin thank you you because there was some really good nominations in there there's some questions like there was a good range of shit to talk about definitely hey look into the future or do we want to do with season two right so for the future we are starting up a few things we're looking to record the podcast media recorder oh yeah we're going to get some video we're going to show our pretty faces yeah put that shit on YouTube for you guys a lot people have said to me they like watching their podcasts so we're going to try and get that to you basically yeah so you can see I'll clean up laughing well just Luke's obviously mine is horrendous yeah it's fun little bag over his head first episode Beginnings all right thanks man yeah well as paperbacks you know I'm always wanted to that would make me look amazing anyway we also looking we're starting a patron will let you know more about that in the future we're setting that up and I mean was there anything else like that we haven't we have mentioned with we're talk we're in the talks of sort of merch outside if you guys I'll tell you what if you guys could message us ideas or things that you would like there to be most we've got some ideas already that we've got planned but it'd be nice is if you know get some engagement from you guys and have you guys decide what you'd like no I want to share a video ever yeah continued audience interaction with some Speedos with Luke's face on it please God no we're not never making that actually do that no all right both of our faces so it looks like we're the testicles would be can we be like looking at each other so I'm just looking at the penis yeah brilliant well pgina why you gotta be so spitters okay yeah it's been oh they're just basement and he's come on bro that's true so as we mentioned at the beginning of this episode we're going to be taking a short Hiatus the short depending on how long short is for you if you live forever short is a couple of years and if you're Fly it's probably minutes but if you died tomorrow is the last episode I hope you've enjoyed it but yeah if you want to continue following a supporting us with listens and interactions we've got the Facebook your favorite film is awful yeah we have the Twitter fave film is awful which we talk quite often that on and we have the Instagram your favorite film is awful where we put on the little stories all the time so honestly your best places are definitely Twitter and Instagram yeah also if you want to blast from the past we do currently have a YouTube channel your favorite film is awful where there are little 10-minute Snippets where it's like the the film bits Part Parts the film go on repeat a little bit and you can listen to our voices over that if that's what you're into so yeah send us a message on any of those formats your continued listenership over this year with so grateful for like yes we would have continued this as I said in one of the earlier episodes because this is for us as well as for you but the fact that you guys are enjoying it and let us know that you're enjoying it it's mind-boggling points like some people have actually like approach me more than like yeah we've done this and then on messenger we've had a gentleman from Texas let us know and we're a very small operation working outside of London so the idea that people in America are listening to this bullshit is what how has this happened No, such incredible. Laughs thank you so much guys for listening. We've had so much fun doing it and will continue as have more fun doing it. But yeah, we should really want to take a moment to say thank you to years because we did not expect but there's many people to want to listen to us talk shit about films for an hour and a half on times and yet they do not really appreciate that. Yeah. I know and keep yakking Messengers and was looking for ways to improve our open to new ideas all the time. We really want to Make this a best. listen experience support calls for of arson for you guys so yeah please please do exactly so again message us keep listening please God share with your friends so more people can hear us and ultimately that's the aim or we're not saying that often we should give them a rough guideline if we don't come back an alien well if we come back in May well if you come back in December with we just skip a year then we have to do if we say we have two this is true but ultimately guys and gals and folks and people in between listeners thank you for listening bye take care it's weird that there's not third person