Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across 15.It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on? Well, I think it's clear coronavirus has hit the United States and it's going to spread in many ways like it's spread in other. Countries to one degree or another a representative for the Centers for Disease Control for Disease Control and prevention said today that what we're seeing the United States with those in a nursing facility succumbing to coronavirus is much like what they saw in China at least two out of every three cases where people died were people who had some sort of either Health Challenge or they were very old. So unfortunately it does Attack the week that this is not unlike other things. We see in nature such as the flu the flu often attacks those who have other issues. But the thing about the flu is we do have a vaccine which can reduce the symptoms. You know, we always talk about the flu vaccine whether it works or not. It works at least partially so it ameliorates a lot of the symptoms. We do not have a vaccine for this form of coronavirus. It's a naive Iris. It's new to us nor do we have Any any medications the way we treat coronavirus is essentially by giving fluids providing mechanical support. So what can you do? It's here in the United States. What can you do as somebody who is going to work and perhaps going to a ballgame doing the things you do at this point. We follow what the Centers for Disease Control and prevention says you can continue doing things feeling somewhat safe, but the way you make yourself safer is you wash your hands. I keep saying this I can't stress it enough. You really want to protect yourself and your family you wash your hands 20 to 25 seconds at a time. People say you can sing happy birthday. I don't care sing whatever you like to sing. But give yourself 20 to 25 seconds of washing your hands. You also need to protect the surfaces you have. So what you want to do is if you go into work in the morning, especially let's say you use a keyboard that shared or you work at a desk that's being used by others or you're not really sure who's in there. You should wipe down where you work the surface. Is you have I also would tell you that you have a favorite pen you use I would use that pan. I would not keep picking up pens from other people. You're somebody who chews on a pain stopped chewing on a pain. Remember if you put your fingers in your mouth or in your eye or you bite your nails you increase the chances of all sorts of viruses, but this particular coronavirus you want to do what you can to avoid getting it. What if you get coronavirus what if you think you have a virus at this point what we're saying is for you to call? Doctor's office and say how you feel if you think you're under the weather and you're fighting something stay home, if you're getting better in a day or two, it could be one of any sorts of viruses and you're probably going to be better and when the symptoms abeid you can probably go out and the CDC doesn't necessarily even say you need to be tested. But if you're someone where the symptoms get worse or you know, you've been in contact with someone who has been exposed to someone who has been basically tested and shown to have coronavirus that's a different story because you have to get tested as well. We're going to talk about this more and more as the days go on and it's the situation changes, but I'm trying to give you a little look ahead. The big thing I need to tell you is to just stay calm. I was looking at television last night. I was flicking around and I don't care whether it was local stations or it was fox or CNN or MSNBC or all the rest. Everyone is talking in traumatic. Herbs, we need to calm down the talk and we need to talk about things we can do to prevent the spread. We've seen things like this before I'm old enough that I've seen SARS and MERS and West Nile you name it the beginning of HIV we can get after this thing, but the key is to stay calm and to just realize it we will get past this. I'm dr. Brian McDonald. You've been listening to coronavirus questions with doctor.