Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don'tIf we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to help. Me make this podcast and help me distribute these podcasts and there is a future on anchor where I can see my listeners Geographic locations. And I think it's so cool that I have listeners from the US probably all of my friends. I love my supportive friends from Indonesia, probably my family and I love my parents my siblings. Hi guys. I love you and surprisingly I have listeners from the UK and from Canada. So if you're listening to this, Now and you're from the UK and from Canada, please please please DM me on Instagram at Michelle Ser or at what's on your mind podcast because I want to give you a hug like virtual hug and I want to thank you for your support. It really means the world to me and I have listeners from Vermont to so high if you're from Vermont and you're listening to this right now DM me on Instagram or if this is the first episode that you listen from this podcast. Also, please DME because again, I want to give you a virtual hug. I'm such a hugger in person. So if I can help you I will but since I can't then I'll just give you a virtual hug. But please let me know because I really do want to know it's just I don't know all way for me to say thank you. And I really appreciate your support. All right. So without further Ado today, I am talking about the two different kind of mindset scarcity mindset versus abundance mindset. I'm talking through my experience and what I learn and I just want to share it with you guys. I hope you can learn. Something from this and I hope you enjoy it. So without further Ado, let's jump right into it episode. Welcome to what's on your mind podcast with me Michelle here. We're going to talk about everything that's on your mind things that are keeping you up at 2 a.m. In the morning or random thoughts that you're having when you're in the shower, you will laugh or cry but at least it's spoken and it's not just buried inside your mind. Hey guys, what's going on? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. So, how are you today? How are things going? Did you have a good morning the to get good practice or coffee or anything? Tell me all about it. Great. I'm good, too. Okay. Now it sounds crazy. But now I think about it. I feel like how are you is a very simple question. It's only three words people say all the time even to stranger. But that question can get real deep real quick. Anyway, I hope you've been enjoying listening to the podcast. I have been having so much fun making it this podcast really helps me get to know myself a little better. It actually kind of become a form of therapy for me where I talk about pretty much my life. But yeah, anyway, so today I want to talk to you about mindset. I'm sure you've heard people say that change your mindset change your life. It's very popular. But do we really know what that means though? Because sometimes I say things that I don't even know what that means. I'm sure you've done that too, right? Okay. So there is a lot of ways to describe the different types of mindset. There is fixed versus growth mindset, which I really want to talk about in a future episode. But today I want to talk to you about scarcity mindset versus abundance mentality. That I want to explore the difference between the two mindset and some ways to change and shift our mindset from scarcity to abundance. So to put it in a simple way of scarcity mindset is the belief that there will never be enough whether it's money food love opportunity or something else entirely and as a result of that we produce actions and thoughts that come from a place of lack so Instead of believing that there is enough and plenty to go around we cling to everything that we have out of fear that when we'll need it. We don't have it and I've had this belief for so long it robbed me and made me this person that I'm not very proud of I was selfish. I was very competitive not in healthy way. I do believe a healthy competition is good for you for your growth but back then I was in competing in a healthy way. But anyway, if you listen to it, you learned that when I was young or when I was a kid, not that I'm old now, but when I was a kid, I thought that if I do good my parents would love me more than my siblings. I guess without knowing I used to think that my parents love is limited and when I was at work and somebody got a promotion that means that I cannot get a promotion to and I have to wait for next year's for more sharing period I've also had this problem before with my friends when I thought that if my friend has more than one friend, which is me like it's has to be solely me that she won't have time for me or she won't pay attention to me. So imagine how crazy I was as a girlfriend. Oh my goodness. God bless my ex's heart. But from this little story of mine you kind of can see that people with scarcity mindset tend to want to compete to stay on top. I don't think I've done this once before or I hope I And but people with scarcity mindset also tend to give their knowledge. They don't want to share what they know. They don't want to offer help and they tend to think small and they also want to avoid always people with scarcity mindset believe that life is happening to them and not for them. They play the victim card. They're like throwing a pity party for themselves. They say oh poor me and they also believe that their situations as our permanent and nothing's going to change. So let me give you an example say I don't know Karen say Karen here. She has a scarcity mindset see things that everybody is just out to get her when she has a bad day at work instead of tearing herself up and you know saying like hey, it's okay. It's just one of those days see says, well, that's just me. That's just my life my life. So My Luck sucks. That's just the way it is, so instead of changing her frame of mind and try to find happiness in her own she gives piling up negative thoughts that will hurt her. It will hurt her self-confidence her self-worth. She won't trust herself and later on when her friend comes to her for advice or for a shoulder to lean on instead of giving her that she would say that I had it worse. Let me tell you my story when I was in In a worse position than you are and stuff like that because she always want to be the victim. So she ends up belittle her friends feeling and eventually she picks up fight with other people. I'm sure you've heard the saying hurt people hurt people. Yeah, that is just not a byproduct of this mindset. So in contrast to that people with abundance mindset think that life is happening for them with an abundance mindset you believe that there is enough for everybody there is enough money, you know. Fluffy enough happiness enough food enough opportunity or whatever it is to go around. It's hard to really understand this with our pictures. So let me paint it for you imagine this or walking in a park enjoying the day. It was really sunny outside. It was warm. Not too hot. It was just a perfect weather outside or breathing in the fresh air and we feel good. I don't have to start attacking you or start strangling you because I thought that you are taking my are away from me because I know there's enough for both of us or if we go to a buffet we don't have to fight for food because there's plenty of it. So people with abundance mindset they collaborates to stay on top. They share their knowledge freely. They are very generous with others. They think big they Embrace change and rest and they want to help people. It's just in their nature that they want to share what they know. Okay. So now let's get back to Karen say Karen took a self-help course, maybe did some soul-searching may be listening. To podcast like this one or I don't know going o to a conference. She got the help that she needed once he has a bet they're at work. Now instead of piling up negative thought that makes her day worse. She takes the time to feel the emotion. She's feeling and she also realized that it's only a temporary thing this bad day that happened at work or this bad thing to happen at work will pass too. So people with abundance mindset. I think that life is an adventure an adventure doesn't always have a straight. Trow, it doesn't always have a clear path. You has curves you has ups and downs. It could be scary yet exciting. It's all part of life and they know that so now that we're aware of the difference between the two mindset ask yourself this which mindset do you have also I forgot to mention that you can be abundant in one area of your life, but half of scarcity mindset about another area of your life. So say that you have abundance mindset in your financial life. You're not worried about your money you bleep. If that is a lot of money in the world and it will be enough for everybody you believe that money comes and goes you're very generous with money. You give to people but you can have scarcity mindset in your relationship area of your life could be friendship. It could be your love relationship with your significant other like the example. I was giving you earlier with me when I was a kid or when I was a little bit younger when I think that my friend can only have one friend, which is me. Or when you think that your partner doesn't have enough attention for you, and it has to be all on you, but you know what? I mean? I'm trying to paint you a picture. But I hope you get what I mean that you can't have abundance mindset in one area and half a scarcity mindset in another area. But the good news is you have the ability to change your mindset from a scarcity one to abundance one and that's what I'm so excited to share to you about today. First of all, I want to give you a disclaimer that I am not perfect in any. Way nor that I know everything. I mean, I'm only 25 years old, maybe some of you that's listening to this is older than me and have more experience in life, but I would like to just share with you what I learned and what I'm still learning and I hope that I could help you or it could help somebody else out there. Okay. So the first thing I learned that help me Sheriff my mindset from scarcity to you in abundance one is to practice gratitude. I know it sounds so simple doesn't It everybody and their mother talks about it all the time. But let me tell you when you actually practice it. It's a game changer. It doesn't really require much. Although sometimes it does when time is rough. My grandma passed away last month. She passed away back in Indonesia, and I couldn't go to her funeral because I couldn't leave the country if I leave the guns re then I couldn't come back into America. Because my whole situation with immigration and it's just not clear right now and it was it was hard. It was hard for me that I couldn't be there with my family. It was hard. The last time I saw my my grandma was when I was 17, it was hard that I had to FaceTime her when she was sick. I saw her with her feeding tube just through the screen. It was hard. It wasn't easy to practice gratitude at that. Time I'm not crazy and I'm not going to say that. Oh, yeah, don't worry. I got that all covered not going to say to you right now that during those time I feel thankful because I for sure did not feel thankful. At that time. I couldn't tell you right now that I feel thankful that I was in there with my family that I have to grieve by myself alone sad in my apartment crying my eyes out just felt like Lately powerless there is nothing that I could do. And I don't know it was just hard but then when I think back and when I was ready I felt thankful. I felt thankful that I got to grew up with her. I grew up knowing her. I got to see her before she laughs and I get to say goodbye before she passed away even through the phone and she was a great cook she cooked. Really good food and same story with my grandpa. He was a very talented musician. He taught me how to play he was kind. He was smart and I couldn't go to his funeral to when he passed away and I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye to him. I woke up one morning and a couple of my friends were in front of my house knocking my door a few people came to my house and cheer me up. I didn't even know that my grandpa passed away it Time haven't even opened my phone that I heard the news and me at that time. I didn't even cry because I couldn't I just can't until they left and then I broke down I could go on and on and on about this you guys like missing my brother's wedding or not watching my sister grew up from being a teenager to know an adult missing her high school graduation I could Beat myself up and feel sorry about my situation or maybe worse regret making the decision to come here in the first place or I could be grateful that I couldn't work here. I have a job here. I have a life here. I've built my life here. I have my own place. I have a dog. His name is Hazel. I have a car I could travel anywhere in the US and I have this podcast. I mean I can make podcasts anywhere, but honestly, I am thankful to be here. All right that just kind of came emotional to me and I didn't even realize that it will be anyway. The next point I want to share is to stop complaining. I think these kind of go side by side with the first point. I made the thing is the more you talk about something the more it grows the more you complain about any situation or any person in particular the more power you give to it. I'm not saying that you have to bottle in your feelings. Or bottling your emotion about its tuition or something. I mean from the very first episode from the get-go. I encourage you to start speaking up your mind, but there's a difference between hearing and complaining sharing is acknowledging your feelings are valid you share your feelings to your friends and you work towards a solution. You want to make it better or you want to work it out. So it's not a problem anymore. But complaining on the other hand is a passive act. It usually never Stu resolution you just want to talk it out and talk talk talk talk talk. So it's okay to talk about your feelings or your problem. But at some point you have to let go and start working towards a solution speaking of saying things out loud. You have to watch what you say when you say things out loud realize it or not your mind starts believing it when you say even as a joke that I'm too fat or oh I'm too ugly. Nobody wants me your mind starts believing that That and actually it hurts you it hurts. Your feelings are hurt your self esteem. It hurts your self-worth just like well, we talked about care and earlier in the episode once he still has scarcity mindset. So be mindful of the way you speak to and about yourself while you speak out is actually making a big difference and what you speak affects you and people around you. I shared this last week when I talk about building a relationship with yourself practice that daily affirmation. So again, Look at yourself in the mirror and say whatever you need to hear but be kind to yourself say that I believe in myself. I am worthy. I am brave or I love my body for everything. He has done for me or I love who I am becoming I am strong. I chose to be happy. Whatever it is. You'll you need to hear say that to yourself people who let their scarcity mindset run their life are usually always feeling insecure. But people who has the abundance mindset trust themselves and their ability to keep on growing they have this confidence and their so secure on their worth because they know that there's enough for everyone to go around. All right. So the next point I want to share is being more intentional with who you're surrounding yourself with. I'm sure you've heard the quote. I mean I said it before when I had my friend Trace to be on a guest podcast that you are the average. All five people you surround yourself with so with that in mind take a look around your surroundings. See if the people you surround yourself make you feel optimistic, or do they make you feel anxious or do they make you feel jealous? It's really hard to stay positive. If your surroundings are dragging you down. I'm not saying to just cut ties with the people that you think are negative in your life because I mean if you can then go for it, but sometimes those Those people are your relatives or your family members or sometimes they're very close friends to you. But now that you're aware of those individuals. Maybe you can establish a boundary give some thought of what you can tolerate from them. So you don't get dragged down into their scarcity mindset you want to surround yourself with people who inspire you to be the best version of yourself, or if you don't have any of those nearby there are plenty of resources. Our books their podcast or online motivational tops or conferences. I mean I can share with you one of my favorite people in the entire world. I love free to Hollis. So it is bestseller author my favorite book that she wrote is girl wash your face. You should totally check it out. It's really good. And in that book she wrote about all the lies. She believed that hinder her from being the best version that she could be and from being who she meant to be she Don't have a college degree, but that didn't stop her to build a multi-million dollar company. There's also a gentle creature who bought a $300 camera from Craigslist and turning into a multimillion-dollar company. She also has a podcast. I always into every single day going to work. It's called The Gold Digger podcast. It's super good. There is Louis Hollis with school of greatness podcast or gyrus with how I built this podcast. There's at my lat or On your Robbins or Dave Ramsey if you're struggling with financial, there's just a lot out there. Those people are amazing and those people are motivational speakers. You should check it out and see who fits you or who can be your inspiration to be the best version of yourself. Honestly, those people are amazing and they're very inspiring. Okay the last but not the least point that I want to share is to give more of what you want. I know this sounds Contradicting but think about it this way you can only give others what you already have. So by practicing giving what you want, you're tricking your brain and you're tricking your mind into believing that you have plenty of it. Maybe you say. Oh, I'm too busy. I don't have time to do blang then maybe you should stop and reorganize your day look into your calendar and see if you can find time and then gifts time give time to maybe two. Interior are to play with your kids or to go to the gym or take online courses to better yourself, or maybe you think that there's just not enough love that maybe you should practice self lovers and then share your love to others by giving you will realize that you have a lot to share to the world. So let me conclude with this. I have been talking for a while. I've shared my emotion and almost cried it in but almost Anyway, having a scarcity mindset doesn't make you a bad person and you have to ability to change your mindset the more you're aware of your scarcity thoughts. The more you're able to pick it up and replacing it with abundant buns. I'm still learning to do that myself, and I'm sure I will keep learning and keep doing that until it becomes a habit to me and I start living the Abundant Life. So be kind to yourself and be willing to give yourself time to to get there. It's not easy to change the mindset, but I can tell you that it will be worth it at the end. So change your mindset and it will change your life. So that is all I got for you guys today. I hope you enjoy listening to this episode, and hopefully you can take away something from it. Please don't forget to subscribe on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcast. So you don't miss up on next week's episode. Also. I really appreciate it. If you can rate and review these podcasts on Apple podcast so that people can find these podcasts to and hopefully these podcasts will help them to and please don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Michelle Hur and And what's on your mind podcast, there are posting motivational quotes and some good stuff to remind you how great you are and pretty much interact with you guys. Alright, lastly be kind to yourself and again change your mindset change your life. I'll talk to you guys next week. Bye.