Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be.Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls calling. I'm your host Mary Lynch the vegan yoga traveler where it is my mission to connect with and spread the message of empowering women on this planet. So you two can have the courage and knowledge to take the leap and follow your life purpose.us hello and welcome back to another episode of doing it for the Dumber. Okay, guys, it's been like four weeks since an episode. I just want to say Mercury retrograde really fucked me up big time. If you listen to those. I'm sure you're familiar with Mercury retrograde Mercury is the planet which rules communication and when it's in retrograde, it appears to be spinning backwards at Not but essentially this can really fuck with communication technology plans change things or cancel things are redirected like Ashley. What's that on her podcast? When you think of retrograde the first two letters being re re it's redirection. So yeah, it's been an interesting month. I must say and I wanted to just hop on and kind of explain myself, but just showered You guys what's been going on? What's been happening? I did have a bunch of interviews planned and you know what? I had to cancel every single one of them which kind of makes me a little bit sad, but you know, it's just as trusting in the flow of the redirection of things falling away you things will come in and just really swimming along with the flow of life. Even when sometimes it feels a little bit uncomfortable for example Basically, I had a lot going on lately and always I get into this point. I almost burning out. It's like a really special talent talent of mine where I work work work work work work work. And then I'm just like on the edge of some kind of breakdown. No, that's a little bit dramatic. Not a breakdown, but just like physically my body just cannot cannot go on. So it got to this point and I had to cancel. Cancel my trip to Switzerland, which I think I may have mentioned in the last episode Joe's really sad about because when I went into my akashic records, I was told I need to go there and reclaim the part of my soul that was lost. And that used to be a handmade in Switzerland. If you want to hear more about that check out my last episode in the intro. So I was super super sad that I had to cancel because I really really wanted to go but I just knew if I go. Is going to be yeah, the the straw that breaks the camel's back essentially and I had to cancel a bunch of other things. I had to cancel a workshop which I never do I had to cancel on Friends dinner dates and I had to cancel on my dream guests for the show Ashley word for manifest has aligned within and yeah, that was a tough. That was a tough one, but I knew Ooh, ooh I can't I cannot work and do something just for my ego wanting it. They give it's not an alignment. If the energy isn't that either no matter how badly I wanted these experience. You just have to let it go. This is practice of non-attachment and Ashley and I we have rearranged a few times she had to account for I had to cancel and yeah, so for now it's off the table until it will be an alignment again. And which I'm sure will be soon when I allow myself to take that space for me to really rest and relax and shoot and because yeah, things are being crazy crazy in the best way. I mean, I'm freelance of employed Soul tripping or I just came up with that one. But yeah, you know, I'm living my Dharma but yes, it's just this energy that I think everyone is Kind of in at the moment. It's like this very chaotic almost neurotic allergy and I think in these times we've really just need to find the Stillness and the space where the end just a let go of the outside world. Just let go of all the responsibilities and all of the things we think we have to keep up to date with because a lot of what is going on on the outside is just driving fear. Rather than bringing you back to this place of comfort and security within yourself some I'm kind of speaking about the coronavirus here. Okay. I just think there's so much like dramatization by the media and is instilling so much fear into people's Consciousness and like that is when people are going to get sick when they're afraid. So right now we all just really need to be looking off drawn in a while taking the time to browse be still cancel plans. If you need to it good and healthy food nourish your body drink water practice meditation, like right now is the time where we really really need to be in our Center. We need to put into practice all of the tools that I know we're all working on. If you are listening to the show, I just felt like I had to share that because I know what's it's something that's on a lot of people's minds. So yeah. It's a really interesting time in a while that I love. I'm just recording and I see for for for the time on my laptop which isn't a number that follows me quite regularly. I think the fours I'm going to Korea and the life purpose and personal growth. So that's pretty nice. Thank you Angels. So yeah. I just wanted to give you guys a little update of what's been going on with me. Whilst I've been off for four weeks. Yeah, it's being yeah, like I said, I said Mercury Mercury retrograde fuck me, because my toe was almost broken and then I was like out of action for weeks only now, it's like just getting better and then my freaking phone broke like the microphone on my phone broke, which I thought was hilarious because the microphone obviously is all about how we communicate and this is exactly what Mercury retrograde is technology and communication. So the microphone of course that had to happen so my phone work, but I Was not able to send voice knows I wasn't able to make calls. I wasn't able to record a podcast. So yeah, I found that really really difficult as a Gemini who loves to express and to speak so that that really was quite challenging and I really noticed a deaf and my mood because I'm always, you know voice noting my sister's we're just yeah, this is just how I can't really deal with tax because I've got enough to do and I find it texting and so time. Consuming whereas when you speak it's just you know, you can listen to the message while doing something else. But when you text me kind of need to focus you all know what I mean, right? So that happened and yeah, it's just being a really interesting time. But with that being said, I still had some really great times as well. I've been going to acroyoga for the past four weeks, which is something that I really really wanted to get back into was. I only did a little bit in Australia and it was really fun to actually We learn how to do a creole because I was never really taught. I just want to jams in the Parks and it was that it was so fun and it's such a beautiful community and I mean going ecstatic dancing despite the term in powering through so yeah, despite a lot going on and I still managed to bring in elements into my life of things. I enjoy because I think that's so important. No matter how busy you are in life. I think it's so important that you're at least doing one thing for yourself a day. It doesn't have to be as big as going to and every ogre or ecstatic dance which can take a few hours and then be like sitting down having a nice cup of warm tea and just reading a chapter and your favorite book or running yourself above the taking extra long hot shower or just going for a walk just do something because we can't go on throughout life just constantly. Constantly hassling or consciously doing things for others without taking care of us first and this is something that I'm really really learning to work on slowly but surely. So yeah that I have just been canceling a lot of plans. So I'm really grateful that I have my beautiful friends were able to hold the space for that and not be offended when I cancel plans. I love it one of my sisters Laura we were supposed to have dinner together and I literally canceled maybe like the day before which is not cool and she's like I'm so proud of you. Now, you're going to have time to rest like wow, like these are the friends and I need around me not people who would take it personally or you know disempower my decisions to take care of me. So I'm so so grateful for all of the amazing women in my life all my goodness. I just have so many around me which is just so beautiful and so empowering but soon I will be leaving my sister's behind. Yeah, it's a lady. Okay, so next week. I'm going to Australia I'm having a family wedding. They aren't he's getting married. I'm so excited and afterwards I plan to go to Bali because I thought well Bali so close and why why not go to Bali? Like I don't even want to know I love it that it's originally I was only supposed to go for four and a half weeks because honestly, I had a lot of fear that if I go for any longer than I'm going to lose. My classes at the studios at my regular classes and I was like a little bit worried about that and yeah that a few months ago when I was viewing Flats because I just ended my relationship and I needed somewhere to live have you this one flat and the woman was a real witch? I mean, I didn't know she was I didn't get that bite from her at all. But then what? We sat down she was like, can I be really honest with you, please? Please do and she was like I can't have you live here because I know you're going to be away for a really long time. I'd already told her I was going away four and a half weeks. She knew that but she was like you're gonna be away for a really long time and I was like, what do you mean? Oh my God. What am I going to die? Like what? What does it mean? And I was like, okay are you picking? Up in my energy because I really didn't. Yeah, if you sorry when think she was someone who was super in tune, but she really was and she's like, yeah, you're gonna be away for a long time. So I can't have you living here and I have to find other people time and that's just not what I want and I was like hmm. But I was like, yeah, but if I go away from on time, I'm going to lose all of my students and my Studios abla and she's like, oh no, Oh, no, you're gonna go away you're going to do trainings and you're going to come back even bigger than you on now you're going to have no problems finding any work - you do like, oh I was honestly like Godsmack. I'm like, okay because I hadn't considered staying longer because I was in this fear based mentality and here is this woman who does not know me was picking up in my energy that I need to go away longer and I'm gonna evolve in my Actors and my work and it's interesting because last year I was he called cigarette shoot in Greece and the astrologer George Lewis. He's a renowned astrologer sound healing who lives in New York and he gave me at our reading and he actually told me in the reading that my boyfriend was holding me back which on some level I knew deep down. I just didn't Really want to face that reality because in order to evolve I need to be traveling. This is a huge part of my soul journey, and I need to travel and meet new people and my last relationship. Yeah. He didn't really like it when I went away which I completely understand and I get it. But yeah from my own soul perspective like I need to be free. I To be traveling again. This is the Gemini the subject Aryan energy within me is like dude. I'm a vegan yogurt travela. So girl got a travel see how it was just interesting that is no sun was coming up again of like the importance of travel within my life within this lifetime. So I thought okay, I will contemplate staying longer. But again, I was a little bit anxious a little bit worried. And then recently I was really reflecting upon it and I thought okay, if the only reason I don't stay longer is because I'm scared that I'm not living my truth of of trusting the universe trusting the flow, so I thought okay. I'm going to see if I can extend my trip and if it happens amazing, if not, that's great too. And it was super super simple easy. My trip was extended. I'm not going to be away for nine weeks instead of And a half weeks. I am so excited. Yes. I'll be spending two weeks in Australia about six weeks six and a half weeks or so in Bali and it's interesting because all of my sister which is I have around me the ones who are really really in tune that why you're going to be away for a really long time. Like I'm just a way for nine weeks. No my hmm. No, you're going to be away for longer and they They all tell me that and none of them know each other. They were kind of living in all different places. I'm like, okay, this is kind of interesting but you know, my trip is book back for the 9th of May. So, let's see if that happens. But I do have my women's Tantra teacher training my module to the end of the main gun about so I definitely have to be back for that. But yeah, I've got a lot planned over the summer. Like I really want to expand my workshops. Training's to festivals and I just had this idea. So I've just been applying to a bunch but most of them already have their programs full because you're supposed to apply in like a year in advance or something which I didn't realize but it's going to vote. I'm going to be teaching at the Agape Zoe festival and Havoc this Saturday, which I'm so excited about it's like this full day. Yoga like a yeah like a couple day mini festival thing and As I go go ecstatic dance workshops meditation and I'm going to be teaching my yoga and free movement Workshop, which I'm really really looking forward to and I'll be teaching yet and the Croatia Tantra Spirit Festival in June when I am just over the moon about yeah, I think it's like five days or something and yeah, I just can't believe it. I'm super super excited and then I applied for a few others and Waiting to hear back and I got a couple Retreats plan and a Reiki training. So yeah, things are things are coming together, which is really really exciting. So I'm just gonna have to see what the universe brings along the way because I really do love Hamburg and homework is definitely my home. I want it to be my base. So I'm just trying to manifest that I can have a little base here. And then when I need to go in travel I can easily. So yeah, we'll see what happens but Bali so I just found out today that I will be volunteering at the Bali Spirit Festival. I don't know if you've been but I want a couple of years ago when I used to live in Australia. Oh my God, it's so cool. It's like a solid week of yeah so much yoga, all of these amazing teachers from around the world. Those healing says workshops again ecstatic dance amazing musicians. It was a dude. That was a before I could see if you've read was that before? I'm not sure if he said this year. Oh my goodness. It's just such an incredible Vibe and like all the food is vegetarian mainly vegan. Yeah, so I'm really really excited. I'm going to be volunteering there something happening boyfriend for like four and a half hours a day, but then I get to go to the whole experience which is cool. And because I actually wanted to teach a workshop there, but I was like way way too late in applying. I think I was like, You're too late. They said so I'm going to apply to teach something there next year, but for now this year just volunteer and then here after that I really don't have any plans in Bali. I'm just kind of going to see where the wind takes me and yeah, see what people that I meet. And what opportunities are there. I would love to do some kind of trainings or workshops if there's a few going on so I'll suss it out while I'm there. But yeah, I just wanted to share this with you just to kind of update you on what's been going on. And yeah, just reinforcing the message of choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of the day, we can't live our Dharma if we're afraid of everything right it just To be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be layered. You'll be guided to exactly where you are meant to be even if the path looks a little bit unconventional even if it doesn't look like the way that you plan things but just look back look back on your life. And yeah, when you do connect those dots you see that everything that has ever happened even the really shitty things has Has led you to exactly why you are in this beautiful perfect present moment. So please stay in alignment with yourself as much as possible. But remember it's okay to have your shit days to because we are human at the end of the day, but just be really mindful of how you navigate those shit days. So I've had a fair few of them recently, but it's interesting how the dialogue in my Consciousness has switched. Because before maybe I'd be judging or criticizing myself. I feeling like shit. I don't know what I was at University or something when I first got into the self-help spiritual world. I was a little bit. Well, I was definitely spiritually by pausing and not allowing myself to be angry or sad or Moody but I've definitely evolved out of that thankfully and now when I have my shit days on my okay, I'm feeling like shit today and I'm telling myself. It's okay to feel this way. Tomorrow's a new day. So just make the most of it. No be sad be angry be upset be tired before we drink but no just take some care of yourself. And tomorrow is a new day. Nothing is fixed. Nothing is permanent things are constantly changing and evolving as fast as we could ever possibly even imagine. So there we go. This is what I wanted to show you guys. I know I haven't got a Whole lot to say I'm in the process of moving out of my place. So I'm trying to sort out all of my admin my life admin before I leave Texas Health insurance. If you live in Germany off guard, you know, there's so much bureaucracy to deal with here. So yeah, I'm just trying to figure this all out so they can leave and go away with this Clean Slate of like, okay how I got all of this shit. I still need to sort. About him when I'm gone so I can just really focus on relaxing and enjoying my time. I mean, I'll still be working. I'll still have retreats to plan and and things going on but it would be nice just to get some sunshine and get some rays of beach waves and salty fresh as so yeah, that'll be super beautiful. So interview wise I will be taking my mic down on down and see body. I have a few inspiring people in Melbourne where I'll be where I would definitely loved interview. So I'll hopefully have something for you that and if not, I will bring you soloing episodes while I'm away. I'll keep you updated on my trip. I'm on my travels and I'm sure I'm going to find a whole bunch of super super inspiring people in Bali to interview as well, which is very exciting. And then when I finally come back to Hamburg, I have got like an army of people who I still want to interview. When it's a cosmically aligned, so yeah, thank you so much for tuning in. I hope you are enjoying life. I hope my career at your grade isn't hitting you too hard. But like Ashley Woodside and her podcast. This is just a time of redirection is a time of releasing and just letting go of all the things that are not currently serving you so that you can move forward in a new light and A New Path. Alrighty, I We'll leave it that folks. I just wanted to give a little shout out to Lotus crafts who have sent me an awesome travel yoga mat to take with me on my trip is super super thin which is cool so I can shove it in my pack and it won't take up too much space and I checked out the grip already and it's looking super super awesome so far. So I'll keep you updated on how my group goes when I'm in a hot country and a little bit sweaty because I know a lot of my students asking me format. Recommendation so I'll keep you updated on the map. And I'd also like to say a big thank you to Breath of Fire a organic and sustainable yoga clothing brand based in Europe. I think they're originally based in Switzerland. They ship all over Europe who have sent me some beautiful yoga clothes to take away with me for my trip in Bali and a big shout out to new deodorant, which is I don't know you've probably seen a bunch of ads were. This natural begin deodorant that you only have to use like I don't know once every three days they say I'm going to try out when I'm over there. And again, I'll keep you guys updated on how that goes. So yeah, if you want to follow my journey check out my Instagram the vegan Yogi traveler traveler is with two hours because that's how you spell it and UK English and I may even write a few blocks while I'm away as well because I have a a new laptop my last laptop. The keyboard wasn't working. We had technology. Okay. Anyway, that's it guys. I'll wrap it up sending you so much. Love so much light.