Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is theBitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful day as you two would say hey. Hey, so if you've got questions, I've got answers type in Bitcoin Meister. Or do a super chat remember this Friday, which is tomorrow and less than 24 hours at 2 p.m. Baltimore time. It's this week in Bitcoin as usual you get that every Friday best guest in the freaking space one Galt. Hey, I'm you're going to get offended by tomorrow, but there's a lot to talk about and yeah, so it's a great time tomorrow Friday this week in Bitcoin. Follow me on Twitter at kickball people. Seriously. I've been cleaning all day retweeting. You mentioned me. I recruit you. If it's a good thing which most of the time it is when people mention meet eech be alt and disrupt Meister economy can watch all 1600 over 1600 and you too. You too. Videos I've been in that deal with Bitcoin. All right. so let's talk about the what is this here where we talked about like this shirt, by the way, it's linked to below. I got this at Las Vegas tone base conference. You can get one like it. It's hot a little something or other from Canada. It's linked to below. Let me just show you. All right, we're going to talk about coin joining real quick here. Yeah, I don't coin but there are a lot of people interested in it. And this dude Samurai Deb says at this very moment at this very minute. This was a while ago according to my rough calculation 4.4% Of the Menthol is made up of Whirlpool mixes awaiting confirmation make every spend a coin joint. He says so clearly there are a lot of people interested in this. Privacy thing aren't they that the mempool 4.4 percent is made up of Whirlpool mixes. I that's a shocking number two point four.com. F course everything I talked about in this video is linked to below Whirlpool stats.com. It gives you some statistics about this coin stop and the month of February that just which is a short month. Even though it's a little longer than usually was is the most popular Samurai Whirlpool month of all time. Now that that haven't been that many but it beats it by a lot so fancy sets and Graphics at that at that site at that tweet. If you want to know more about this kind of thing, it's getting more popular clearly. It's definitely getting more popular and we'll see how it progresses. So there must not be that hard if that many people are doing with their Bitcoin. All right, or that many Bitcoins are it's happening to them now. All right. Yes, I'm offended by that to cast what you just said. I can't say that word. Remember if you have questions type in Bitcoin Meister, so I see them and pound that like button right now strong hand 2024 make that one of your sayings for the next four years learn how to hold if you're new to this because a lot of you weren't around in. Teen when I was seeing strong hand 2020 now we got us a strong hand 2024. Let's go over too. Well stick in the United States, then we'll go to Asia for a second here. This just is a reminder text season. I guess we're in tax season when I'm running. I see people dressed up with like the Statue of Liberty like rolling around sign saying well do your taxes or whatever so it must be time for that. and now although I wonder the guy that they are paying the hold the sign I want value and yeah, whatever, you know, I'm anyway so value about the Bitcoin is what I'm about to talk about here when we're coming because this this quote here reminds us that if you play in the Fiat realm, you got to play by their rules and they are rules are nasty when it comes and when I say they I mean the United States government the rules are nasty when it comes to taxes because they Take a time to clarify it yet. Now time is a keyword from when I just in that sentence. I just said in time. It's going to be a lot easier these crypto taxes. It's going to be a lot easier. We're very early on so you can take your chances and Val your wealth and Fiat and offend me and sell your Bitcoin and then have to deal with this nightmare. Hello everyone if you haven't heard about an anchor It's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's how I make mine. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Like I do anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money just like I do from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I love the convenience download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Anchor dot f m or you'll wait it out. You have a strong hand and it will be easier one day God forbid you ever have to turn it into Fiats. All right into Beyond 2020 for but let's read the quote during the United States Congressional meeting titled. This is just happened building blocks of challenge the benefits of blockchain technology for small businesses the participants discuss the effect of blockchain to small businesses at the Gathering protocol Labs General council member Marvin Amore said that doing your taxes for crypto is the worst nightmare when asked tax treatment is very complicated. It's not ready for prime time yet, but in time in time dudes, so hey if you want to play in the Fiat realm you're offending me, but you'll have to deal with it. So don't say you weren't warned when like stacking set. So this who is this dude. He says bitcoinmeister beware the Bitcoin Inquisition. Oh, no, I you know, I'm not worried about things like that. All those fitting in is overrated. People want to do those virtue sing if they want to that's that Purity purity test people they're wasting their time with the Meister bring on the Inquisition to me. Oh, look who is in the house? I was thinking about you lately Shane. All Rick. I was wondering where you are. I made a live show. Thank you for helping me have strong hands. I'm so excited for the next 5 to 10 years, dude. You should be and you got a beautiful family. A out there they're going to be really happy about but Shane did you think the NWC by the way, I felt I felt like we talked about and wc and one point. I don't know he did did you I hope you did mwc because your family want to thank you in the future you I don't know. You said send me e-mail about that if you did that for I wanted to I wanted to send you an email about it. But I hope everything is going well up there and people are not panicking like they are in Seattle or making a big deal. I don't know what's going on in your neck of the Northwest but Pray, I want to get to the North best us soon. Well this year hopefully maybe later this year. You never know. Alright, long live the Pacific Northwest beautiful. So moving on. Let's go to South Korea here know before we go to South Korea. Let's go to Vortex talking about this. Let's go to New York state where a mining. Power company is mining Bitcoin every day. This is great stuff Vortex points out to ramp up at X. Then too long a power plant in New York sets up it in. This is what he's talking about a power plant new its own Bitcoin mining operation using the electricity it produces to generate about $50,000 worth of cryptocurrency everyday. And of course, of course if you're familiar, If this channel I have been talking about Steve Barber who's been doing this in Canada. I've been talking about him since early 2018 so for two years, so this should not be a shock to you that other power related entities are doing this. He does it with excess natural gas. It's the same type of same same base layer deal there. Okay, using extra capacity to create Bitcoin through mining now the another statistic something. From Bloomberg who wrote about this. No Marty bent also wrote about this the latest operation coming to you live from upstate New York, where a power plant pushing natural gas to their local grid as decide to fit their operation with some supplement guide to fit their operation with some supplementary remaining it the harness untapped energy during times when there isn't that much demand from the grid allowing the power plant. Stay open longer than otherwise would be possible helping to keep people employed and even out the energy load over the course of the whole year instead of just Peak Seasons. So dude, they're employing people. They're using extra capacity. It's great. If this is a beautiful thing for all the haters of Bitcoin, you show them this And probably still probably hate it Palin that like button. Okay. Now that we're going to South Korea and people from they 2017 remember when it was wild and wacky in South Korea. I even got the visit South Korea. Thanks to a very awesome dude out there and hang out in I was in Busan most of the time but thanks to the very awesome dude out there. I got to go to Seoul also, which was freezing at that time but now and it was wild and wacky. Yeah. Then they they went the complete other direction and scared people and well now today we got new South Koreans amendment to special Reporting Act passes cryptocurrency now fully legal in South Korea. Awesome, but there's one not awesome part of it. The reason it's legal is because now the exchanges and all sorts of third parties that you may have to deal with in South Korea have to do some pretty intense kyc on your butt out there. So okay. There's kyc in South Korea. Some of you South Koreans will find ways around that. I'm sure and but at least it's legal and maybe this will get all the housewives back into it who love to day trade stocks also now and South Korean men, you know, Some of you dude I heard your stories you really let those ladies with you around sometime. Not all but some you know who I'm talking to dude. But anyway, there's different cultures in this world. It's a lovely place to visit even with all that Panic out there. Now, I would have visit now if you know the United States would let me back in. Hey watch yesterday's show. By the way. If you want to hear me talk about all these panic. The prison's everyone is throwing themselves in okay yesterday show I talked about the situation with travel going on and I think is ridiculous. And what just watch yesterday's the end of yesterday's show the end of yes, it was a good one pound that like button and also watch the Tuesday show. I talked about Brad Mills and the survey that he did. I don't know how anyone everyone should be tweeting about this brand Mill survey. Okay. It's a real survey of what Think about Bitcoin a scientific nothing not just a Twitter. Is that a Twitter survey? Not a Twitter poll. He paid for this. Okay, so go to Tuesday's show right now watch it will probably talk about it on tomorrow's show. I'll prop Brad back on this week in Bitcoin in one to two weeks because I have a 10-week rotation and he was on like eight to nine weeks ago. He's a good got a good podcast out there. So let's talk about lightning Network for you lightning Network freaks. Very interesting article about the future here. I don't know if this will pick up. I don't know. This will be a killer app how the lightning Network could improve encrypted messages. So lightning Network encrypted messages combo, you tech-heads can read it tell me how realistic it is if it's going to really happen if it's and if it's can make a big difference, I still hesitate with some of these Technologies is I just know with simplify things. For the Common Man and this seems kind of complicated but who knows but read it. So if you're a Tech head if you're not Tech head and don't read it because I did, you know, you can only do so much during a game now. ZDNet has an article about malicious Chrome extension caught stealing Ledger wallet recovery seeds Okay, let your wallet people. You don't need a Chrome extension. So why the heck didn't even download it in the first place. Don't do that. Don't don't frivolously never put in your freaking recovery seeds, dude. So it looks like you have to type in your recovery seeped into the keyboard. You can just type it in to the treasurer and then you know, it's all good. I think you're not getting fooled by something malicious like this, but they're going to keep on trying people out there from the Ukraine from Asia from where it for the United States everywhere. There are those are scams. Okay. Those are true stands we abuse that They're gonna be a lot of people out there. They're just trying to rob you all the time and you just got to be very very careful. And so the best thing to do is never get it into your Ledger never have to get into your treasure. Why do you have to get into there? Anyway, the only reason you need to get into their well, there's one good reason signing a message for your airdrop Crypt of dividend that's freaking awesome because we love to get free crypto dividends that we turn in the Bitcoin, but otherwise The only read the other reasons get in. There's the move Bitcoin around to God forbid send it to him exchanged it to sell it. No, you took to the cool thing about having her. Your own a hardware wallet, you can create as many receive addresses as you want to save them all somewhere. And then when you someone needs to send you busy or you need to send yourself Bitcoin for some reason you just all you do is you send it to that address. You don't have to get in here Tresor to create new ones as you already created. A lot of them. You don't need to get into your Treasurer ledger to receive Bitcoin. Some of these don't know that some newbies don't know that at all, but eight It's a growing space. So I will state the obvious sometimes because the obvious is not obvious for everybody now. The always entertaining Bitcoin Rabbi has a tweet out there that is a for in honor of Purim which is next Tuesday where we read the megillah, but he made a Bitcoin talmud tractate now. I'm not too sure when it says I know it says Bitcoin and Hebrew in the middle of the tractate. Hopefully he'll give a translation a to it. But he's a funny guy that's linked to below get his book will. See what he does for Purim in terms of Bitcoin. It should be fun for everyone who celebrates pour em on Tuesday. It's coming up. Well time is time is flying by and on Saturday show. By the way. I will talk about the real tell mood because we're going Beyond Bitcoin on Saturday show and some other Jewish topics life after death type of stuff. But that's Saturday show. You never know what you're going to get. You do know. It's going to be Beyond Bitcoin. And I showed this shirt already. Can you see it? I don't know because I'm not even looking at the screen right now. But does anyone else have any other questions? No, they do not. All right. That is the end of the show then. end Going once going twice. Sold we're at the end of the show. Oh, yeah, let me show the shirt. He was in motion. He gave it to me at the that legendary event. Yes you go. You should see the video where I last wore this shirt. We had a two special guests on be some of you might remember that show it kind of sure it it made a lot of people get the gossip mode in it. All right. I'm Adam Meister. Don't be a Bitcoin yenta. I'm Adam Meister the Bitcoin. Somebody just threw up Meister tune in Saturday. I mean Friday tomorrow 2 p.m. This week in Bitcoin to PMI Baltimore time 7 p.m. London time 11:00 a.m. Los Angeles time want Galt atomizer will be the host. It's Ken bozak making a great return and crisp like, so see you guys tomorrow pound that like button. I feel like I forgot something, but I probably didn't bye-bye.