Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're able to start creating your podcast and instantly start advertising on it. It's literally everything that you need all All in one place if you haven't already make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the stream coach podcast today. We have episode 2 in our for episode many series that is a cue a series based off of the current large series we're working on which is helping you grow on all these different social media platforms manage the community from them and make the money from them too. So we're going to jump right in to questions because we want to keep this short and concise for you. So lumpy should know be asks for people just starting on YouTube. What is something that people should do but they don't lumpy. This is a really good question. And this one is really insightful because it causes a lot of reflection for me. So I really really like this question a lot. I think one of the things that you don't realize that you need whenever you are first starting on YouTube is a storytelling skill. So initially it whenever you are learning how to create all these videos a lot of people talk about SEO or search engine. An optimization and some people don't even use that. So I guess my first answer for you. This is kind of like my pre-answer. My Beta answer is make sure that you are using SEO make sure that the titles of your videos are searchable that your thumbnails are clickable that the intro that you do for the video is going to reinforce that thumbnail and that title and make sure of course that the content delivers on what you teased in that Triad of of title thumbnail and intro but there is skills that you have to develop Beyond just being good at SEO you need to get great at being a Storyteller which is a completely different skill set from what anyone else on on streaming platforms really has if you're a streamer you don't really have to be much of a Storyteller because of the games typically tell the stories for you and you can't really tell The ton of stories while you're streaming because people don't get the full context of everything since they're only in your stream for a limited amount of time. But with YouTube your videos are more focused people can consume the entire thing in like 10 minutes flat and it's a much more value-packed content delivery system versus a stream or the value is spread out amongst hours. So something that you really need to start thinking about after you have thought about how to to SEO your videos on how to be discovered is what story is All what story is each individual video telling but what story are all of my videos telling together. What's the journey that I'm on as an individual as a unique person, how can I position my story as something that is compelling and interesting and that people want to learn about this is why sometimes you make YouTube videos that aren't about SEO but they can still get a ton of views. It's because they contribute To the overall story of you as the Creator. This is a very very big topic but highly suggest if you haven't done so already that you look up storytelling and learn the components of it and start integrating that into your YouTube videos, or at least know that eventually that is something that you're going to need to start doing. Kelsey Lynn star asked. What is the ideal length of a stream if you're streaming three times a week as I've heard you suggest Kelsey streaming is really variable so it can it can be something that you do one hour once a week. It can be something that you do six or seven days a week for 10 hours at a time. It really just depends on your goals in the positions that you're in there's really no one size fits all system. First off I want to say the people that need to be streaming 6 or 7 days a week for a ton of time are the people who are already the at the number one position in their directories. So if you are streaming Fortnight and you're like Ninja level, right, if you're the first most viewed stream you need to make sure that you are utilizing that position that you have as a Creator and one of the best ways that you can do that is by being live consistently because you know, That you're going to be in that number one spot and you know that you're going to be discovered constantly for those of us who are not in that number one spot or at least on the top row on the directories that we are participating in we need to think about our discoverability because these other people are already being found but we're not so how do we get found? We need to make sure that we stream less so that we can focus on creating content that is discoverable, which is where YouTube and podcasts and social media comes in. So this is generally Why I suggest people stream it three or four times a week if they still want streaming to be a huge part of their brand of their content strategy, but they don't have the traction the community or the momentum in order to be positioned within that first couple of spaces in the directories. If you're not popular yet. You need to find a way to get popular and get yourself in front of more people and using a using a On a platform that has an algorithm to put you in front of people is the best way to do that, but some of you might only need to stream once a week and typically you only need to stream once a week if you have a lot of other stuff going on, but you want to maintain a connection or develop some kind of connection or maybe test the development of a connection with Twitches audience. In terms of how long you should be streaming. It really depends on you as a Creator. Some streams are going to be 1 hour. Some streams need to be 10 hours the longer the stream the better because it allows more people to come in and find you and lurk you which is going to make your numbers improve over the length of your stream. Usually I suggest three times a week at least 3 hours at a time. If you can hold your energy for six or seven or eight hours. That's totally fine too. Assuming you have nothing else. To do that day because you're going to give people more time to come in to lurk you to get your numbers up and to help position you higher in the directories that you participate in but for some of you your energy is going to wear out and you're going to be boring to watch and that's going to be detrimental to your brand. So you'll need to have shorter streams six-bit dad blog asked. What's the best way to stand out and grow in a category that is already full of streamers playing different games doing speedruns casual playthroughs challenge runs and more. Example the Retro category so Dad blog. The best way to stand out and grow especially if your category is saturated is one do something completely unique and different and fresh from speedruns casual playthroughs challenge runs Etc and to create discoverable content. So make sure that yeah, maybe you're still doing speed runs like that other person is and like all those other people are but you have a YouTube channel that's putting those speed runs in front of more people and they're likely to come through to your stream from your YouTube videos because you are one of the only streamers who is smart enough to utilize the strategy you're putting yourself in front of tons more people and especially if you're using SEO and you're optimizing yourself for search and you are using storytelling in order to attract people to you and your personality as opposed to just being an SEO oriented YouTuber you are going to stand out and grow way faster versus someone who is solely participating on Twitch. John Cadia asked what are some poor common practices that are easy to fall into and don't seem detrimental but actually hurt your chances for success in the long run boo John. This one is super good love this. So I think one of the biggest things is that you focus too much time on actually creating the content as opposed to promoting it. It is much much much better to stream less and spend most of your time. Focusing on promoting that stream vs. Streaming more and expecting people to just find you and this is the same for any type of content. It doesn't matter if it's streaming if it's YouTube videos podcasts or social media. You need to be spending your time with your boots on the ground the best analogy that I have for this is that whenever you are a smaller Creator and you don't have a ton of momentum you are a door-to-door Salesman. You need to take your content. People door-to-door you have to do the work of knocking on those doors of finding your audience of figuring out where they are until that door-to-door business has made enough quote-unquote sales in order to start generating more word of mouth recommendations. And at that point you've got traction because other people are talking about how helpful and interesting useful your content is and they're sharing your content for you. But until you have them Momentum of other people sharing your stuff. You have to be the one that's putting it in front of other people first. Another one is focusing too much on SEO. So if you are focused completely on just being found through search, but you're not using the attention that you get from search in order to attach people on to your personality you are going to struggle as a Creator because you're only going to be as useful. Your ability to find Search terms to Target them and to appear as the number one result inside of the those search results. So as great as that is and that can bring a lot of traction to your channel success Now is really defined by your ability to attach people on to your personality. So yes Target those Search terms but make sure that you include information about your life too and you get people attached to you and your mission and the journey that you're on. Share X asked is it better to be a variety streamer or find that one Niche game and stick to it boo. This is such a good question because I'm about to shift your mindset completely about this idea. This is a very archaic question. This means that this question comes from a mindset that is really really old in terms of the streaming world and that Community back in the day when nobody Is really focusing on discoverability and we were mainly able to get it from twitch because it wasn't as saturated. There were some easy questions that you could ask yourself to come up with easy solutions to where you could actually be discovered and one of these questions was should I be a variety streamer or should I find a niche game? Because if I'm a variety streamer, that means that I am switching up games a lot. It might be hard to find me maybe people don't continue watching because they only like to watch watch me play one game and not the other or should I have a niche game so that I can be discovered and being known for a specific community be discovered within that community and find my own fresh space within that group of people, but you don't have to be either or now. You actually don't have to ask yourself this question at all because the reason that we asked this question two years ago three years ago four years ago five years ago was Cuz we wanted to figure out what was best for our own happiness as creators. But also what was best for our discoverability and how we could get our content in front of more people streamers just aren't using twitch as their discoverability system anymore. The mindset towards that has shifted and a lot of streamers are getting into either podcasting or YouTube in order to improve their discoverability now and the reason for this obviously is because they realized that twitch Each and all these other live streaming platforms are not reliable discoverability systems because they are so saturated. It's hard to be found. So they've looked for other sources to get that discoverability from in order to be found. They've utilized other platforms and put themselves in front of more people. And now with their streams. They have a lot more options of what they can create. So you don't have to answer this question. You can be a variety streamer you can Dream that one game. It really doesn't matter as long as you are creating content on other platforms that's putting you in front of more people and you have very strong ctas or calls to action that are encouraging people to go from your YouTube videos come into your stream and watch you live because they can get to know you or watch the content or interact with you, whatever you want to sell them on. All right. That's it. Y'all. I hope this answered some of your questions. If you would like to have your question answered by me at you can tweet at Ashley Christ on Twitter or you can tag me in your Instagram stories at Ashley Christ and ask me whatever question you want. I will take the ones that I think are super interesting and we will put them up in next week's episode as a reminder. This is episode 2 out of 4 of these QA episodes. We're only going to do a couple more of these. Depending on whether or not you'll like these we might continue doing them, but we might not so you might only have two more episodes in order to get on this show. I love you all so much. Make sure that you subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already leave us a review it helps us get found in the algorithm. It helps more people get helped by us. I will see you in the next episode, but why?