Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special listen.On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33 year-old Richard Jewell an event security guard spotted an unattended green backpack underneath a park bench. Jewel and formed nearby agent with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation within minutes they began ushering people away from the backpack then the unthinkable happened. Welcome to sports criminals apar cast original. This is the seventh episode in our March Madness special this month. We're counting down the top 31 Sports candles from 1990 to 2020. I'm Carter Roy and I'm Tim Johnson in today's episode. We are going back to 1996 and the Centennial Park bombing during the Atlantis Summer Olympics. At around 1:00 a.m. On July 27th, the Atlanta police received an anonymous tip that in 30 minutes a bomb would go off in Centennial Park roughly 20 minutes later a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded two people died as a result 44 year old Georgia native Alice Hawthorne was killed by shrapnel and 40 year old Turkish cameraman, Mala ozan. You all suffered a fatal. Heart attack over 100 more were injured When the Smoke cleared in the days that followed the man that discovered the bomb Richard Jewell was treated as a hero thanks to his sharp eye and quick action. He was able to prevent the explosion from taking more lives. But three days after being hailed a savior Jewel turned into the villain on July 30th Kathy Scruggs a reporter for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution claimed. That the FBI was considering Jewel a suspect the report caused a media circus The Narrative suddenly changed and Jewel was accused of planting the bomb himself so that he could be a hero Jewel was something of a loner who lived with his mother. He had developed an obsession with becoming a member of law enforcement and was even arrested for impersonating a cop. He bounced from one security guard gig to another and was fired more than once for being overzealous on the job and to make matters. Even worse for Jewel when the FED searched his house, they discovered hollowed-out grenades and gun collection. But in the months-long investigation into Jewel the FBI was unable to find any direct evidence that linked him to the bombing in October of 1996. The Department of Justice announced that Jewel was no longer a suspect. As the FBI continued their hunt for the true terrorists three more bombings occurred in the year that followed an abortion clinic and lesbian bar near Atlanta were targeted as well as an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama similarities in the explosives link them with Centennial Park and soon investigators had a suspect Eric Robert Rudolph Rudolph spent Five Years on the Run. He was finally captured on May 31st 2003 in North Carolina while Fleeing through a dumpster two years later. He pleaded guilty to all four bombings. He justified the attacks as anti-abortion and demonstrations Rudolph is currently spending the rest of his life in prison Rudolph's 2005 confession was a sigh of relief for Richard Jewell for nearly a decade. He had fought to clear his name that was still damaged by the media circus in the years that followed Jules sued various news outlets for libel and be C news CNN and the New York Post all settled with him out of court the Atlanta Journal-Constitution fought Jewel for years in 2007 44 year-old Richard Jewell died from medical issues relating to a recent diabetes. Diagnosis his New York Times obituary aptly named him the hero of Atlanta attack. Thanks for listening to sports criminals. March Madness will be back tomorrow with next year's Scandal. You can catch our other episodes of sports criminals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts.