Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership.And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very special. Shal guest May rename, could you tell us a little bit about yourself? Yes, so I grew up in Strasbourg Colorado with both my mom and my dad's side of the family. We had quite a bit of big family over there. Moved around quite a bit in middle school and then ended up going to high school in the more, Colorado. Decided to go into nursing and moved here to Grand Junction where I'm at currently and I'm now going to Colorado Mesa University. I'm in their nursing program and I graduate this December awesome. That's a tough program. Yes, but it's worth it. Yeah. Yeah sure absent Downs for sure. How do you feel being in the program right now? I'm currently I feel like I'm managing. My workload well, but there's definitely moments where you question if you're doing everything correctly, but I think that's natural. So yeah, I know it's a heavy workload. So that's why I asked absolutely but you're doing it and from what I understand you're doing pretty well one more follow-up question with that. Why why Grand Junction my Colorado Mesa? Yeah, so my aunt actually went here. She's 23, and I toured the school. As a junior in high school, they have a good nursing program. And I really enjoyed the outdoors and Grand Junction definitely has a great environmental, you know landscape. So I chose that and my family and I ended up moving here and I think it's just the natural progression of what I should be doing. Yeah feels right. So awesome. Yeah, that's great. It's interesting as kind of something that will return to later but it's interesting Grand Junction because what this podcast is about is mental health and there are a lot of mental health issues if you will here in the valley, and I think that you probably have your own experiences with that. In nursing school, but I'll let you talk about that. Absolutely. Yeah back to you. What are some of your daily routines. How do you stay on top of that? Right? So Some of my days consist of clinicals which are full 12 hours. So with that I just try to get sleep then, you know other days are more class-oriented taking tests stuff like that. So during those days I make sure that I'm prepared go over PowerPoint stuff like that in terms of say like my mental Clarity and preparation for each activity during nursing school. I I think I try not to take everything too. Seriously. I'm I can definitely tend to overthink. And so I try to always take a step back and especially in the nursing program. You can really get in over your head and I've been told by multiple instructors and people they're just like take a day at a time. So that's what I've been doing and it's it's working but it's definitely overwhelming at times. I can only imagine. Yeah, that's that's interesting. How do you do that? How do you manage to just take it a day at a time? Because it is stressful School itself is stressful. Let alone the heavy workload that you have. Oh, yeah for sure. I would say I pray quite a bit. I tried to not necessarily meditate but just reflect on what's going on what I'm thinking what I'm feeling. I know that if I don't address that I start to feel Feel it physically and I like have a lot of anxiety stuff like that. So I always try to address how I'm feeling and if I feel like I'm not in control. I usually do pray. I don't necessarily have any like habits of you know journaling that helps me, but from time to time, I will Journal. from time to time, but another thing that helps is running exercise kind of getting the endorphins up and relieving stress, but Other than that, I can't think of anything, right? Yeah Runnings huge stress relief from what I understand and what from what I've read. Yeah, absolutely. So a lot of what you mentioned is pretty spiritual. What did you learn that? I think that's just something I grew up with. I didn't necessarily go to church every weekend with my family, but we did pray every night. We were never afraid to talk about religion. and you know the bible stuff like that the gospel so when we did go to church it was you no good for me since I was learning certain elements, but I've more focused my spirituality on how I feel about my perception of God, which is you know straight from the Bible. I Don't Stray very far off, but right. Yeah, I would say that's my perspective. That's interesting. I think that's huge not necessarily speaking from a perspective of religion. Yeah say but spirituality I think is huge in the realm of mental health. And unfortunately, I think a lot of people lack that and the including myself sometimes, you know, and I belong to you know, I claim religion. I am a faithful person, but it's hard to like you. In the meditation, it's hard to be at one with yourself when there's so much going on. Yes. I I definitely agree. I know that I read somewhere and like a meditation article online just about addressing of thoughts as if they were clouds because I know that I take a lot of my thoughts that I have in my head literally and then I'm like, well why am I thinking this or you know, why am I even entertaining? that idea but I think with the meditation you can or even mindfulness you can take that font and just look at it as if it were a cloud passing by it's not something that you have to be affected by and I think that really ties with religion to you know, that's That's huge and and to know that and learn that at such a young age. I think personally it's an opinion but I think that will benefit you a lot what have I mean, you mentioned some of the things that you have to overcome daily. What what have been some of your struggles in the realm of mental health? How have you seen this in your life and has it affected you sure mental health has affected. A lot of the people in my family as it does with every family my Grandma she's bipolar and it's not necessarily talked about in our family. I do talk about it with my mom, but Other than that it's not discussed. And I believe that that trickled down into my father and it's led to a lot of substance abuse and I don't know behaviors that aren't necessarily constructive. So. In regards to mental health that has affected me just with my dad and I think it was routed from my grandma. So my dad's mom and even her mom from the stories that I've heard to understand better, you mean addiction and substance abuse has stemmed down from your grandma not necessarily the substance abuse in particular. But the mental illness there's my great grandma. She heard some stories of her and how she Most likely she was never diagnosed but she most likely had bipolar disorder as well. And then I know that my grandma she is diagnosed and my father is undiagnosed, but I think that may have some correlation with his substance abuse, but you know, there's no way to truly know and it is just a label, you know, but yeah, right you mentioned label. How is that label it? Acted your family. Um my family, I don't know if I can necessarily speak for for them. Like I said with regards to my grandma and stuff. Nobody really talks about it. I'm not sure why. I do talk about it with my mom and I think we're both very open about it. So with the label of whatever you would call it bipolar disorder me and my mom are totally open with it. And we kind of respect you no respect for what it is and you don't let it affect his too much but I think my family and with me and I like my uncles and my aunt on my dad's side, they don't talk about it. They don't discuss it. So. What's the difference? Why don't they discuss it? I do not know. It's always been just The way it is I guess and I've never I've always, you know thought to question it but never truly try to investigate it. It's just something that you grow up with and you don't you don't talk about it. And with that I never saw an issue, like I always got along well with my family on that side and there it was always an underlying I guess energy of that lingering but I think it was just because I was aware of it and nobody ever talked about it. But if if I wanted to genuinely talk about it say with my grandma. I'm sure she would open up but I don't know how comfortable I feel about that. All right. Yeah, I would be there would be an and I personally think there's a little bit of a generational Gap there. We know more I mean planet But we know way more about mental health and we're seeing statistically larger numbers of people that are diagnosed with with a mental health disorder many more addictions diagnosed. So it's definitely talked about more which is one of the goals of our podcast. We want to talk about it. We want to talk about these things because they are normal, but they do affect us and whether it's the label or the only structure or whatever it may be things change and it's hard to talk about but I definitely think that it's a benefit to talk about it. What about the family function did it change your family function? Um, well just to kind of piggyback off of what you said. Yeah, go ahead. Um, I took a class for with the nursing program. It was regarding mental health and Within that class had a day where we learned about youth mental health and mental illness disorders stuff like that. And the instructor of that said you are all of us should view mental health as we do physical health. So say with mental health we can be sick and have a cold but it are that that's written regards to physical, but we have to be sick and have a cold butt. It doesn't necessarily mean that we have like this horrible chronic disease, but we could also have a horrible chronic disease within our minds but it fluctuates. I think it's normal for us to have say like a mental cold or we could be having a great day and in regards to physical health, we could be having a great day physically, you know running whatever you want to say our great physical day as but I don't think that we should be super concerned about the label because there's a spectrum of mental illness and I think wherever a person lies doesn't necessarily mean that they're stuck in that label, you know, it can definitely change right? Yeah. Yeah, that's a great point. And I don't think that a lot of people know that you know kind of going and not to blame the older generation, but kind of going back to the That generation I know from personal experience in my family. It was it was just kind of a thing that you just suck it up and deal with it. You know, it's not a normal thing to just talk about and put out there right? But I really like the way that you put that it is on a Continuum. You know, I can't speak for anybody else. But on one end of the Continuum, I've never been diagnosed with any Mental Illness, but I've definitely Definitely experienced depression right real depression. I've definitely experienced real anxiety. Yeah, and you know, who knows maybe I could be diagnosed with something but but these are things that we experience on a continuing and and I like that you say, you know, no matter where we are on that Continuum. It can change whether it's maybe you know, maybe it's just something we need to talk to somebody about. Oh, yeah, absolutely and being aware of Where you're at on that that spectrum of that Continuum what make a world of difference, you know, I think say if you are feeling depressed, you don't have to be diagnosed. I think knowing that you are at that point in knowing that there's other options of you know, mindsets and feeling that gives you an ounce of Hope and you can see yourself in you know, a better Direction and there's multiple The causes of depression but I think a lot of them can be addressed properly and if you're aware of you know, there's other options besides that one place where you're at then you you can get out of that place as well. Yeah for sure and avoid other, you know problems that can stem from that. I know depression can lead to other things anxiety can lead to other things and so it's important to notice those Emotions if you will that's that's a great point. So back to back to your family did that change in functioning Weatherby substance abuse or bipolar whatever you want to share sure it certainly affected the dynamic of my family. So when I was born up until the age of two, my dad was using alcohol, but then he became sober and my mom and my dad got back together and I started living with my dad. Again around the age of eight. So in regards to that we had a fairly functional family and it was working really well. I would say quote unquote functional. Yeah just like that and then when I was around 11, and it was about a year after my sister was born my dad relapsed and this time it wasn't just alcohol abuse. It was also substance abuse various substances. Has and with that it drastically changed my family Dynamic and I ended up moving quite a bit. As I said in middle school. I went to Fort Collins. I lived with multiple family members the entire time I was with my mom and I would choose a great support system for me, but I never did end up. Yeah living with my dad again, and he's currently living in Aurora. So In regards to that it completely changed my life. Yeah, that's rough in marriage and family therapy. They use a term triangulation. And basically what it is is from to my understanding it's where you know, the parents or any three people in any sort of conflict kind of used one person as a mediator between their problems and the only reason I bring that up is it would it would be hard to be the child in a tuition like that because No matter what. That's your parents. Can you talk about that a little bit? How did you feel right? Um, I from my perspective of just being a child in the entire situation. I feel that my mom and my dad really loved each other and I feel that My dad ended up making a poor decision kept making poor decisions which you know affected that triangle, but my mom never really she was very good at avoiding putting any of the blame on me. So she always reminded me like this isn't your fault like you can't control the situation and I think that's important for you know parents to realize with you need a reminder kid. It's not their fault. also, I was I was a new sister, you know, my sister was one years old when that all began and you know, she grew and I felt like she was also part of that that Network she was affected and I wonder how she'll be affected because I was old enough to have you know, cognitive thoughts and really evaluate where everything was and why it was happening and what I can could control what I couldn't but I don't know exactly how my sister will, you know be able to address that when she gets to that age because she was very young and Despite her being you know, so young. I think it will affect her. So yeah, so she's what 9 she's a Tim now. She's going to turn 11. We're about ten years apart. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, very different Dynamic there. Oh, absolutely. That's that will be interesting. Do you see similarities and you and herself? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I kind of disturbs me because we get in fights all the time, and I'm Mom always makes fun of us because I shouldn't be fighting with someone who's half my age, but she's very much. So just a sister and we bicker and we fight but she's very similar to me. But there's a lot of aspects where she's you know, more like my mom. I don't know how she'll address everything though. I don't know her true outlook on everything but she's definitely as she's growing I see her, you know becoming more herself. I see more personality traits coming and it's great to see I think I should address and look at that more and really appreciate that because she is growing. Yeah, but that's probably a great feeling to see, you know, somebody that you love and care about growing and learning. And you know seeing them succeed if you will, I know there's a lot of definitions for the word success, but right it probably will be different, you know, if I was to guess not that I want to guess but it sounds to me like your mother played a really good mediator role in saying hey, you know, this isn't your fault. Do you think she will be the same or is she the same with your sister? Yeah, my mom is definitely changed from the mom that I've had. So since since I was little she's had a few more kids so she now has a ten-year-old three-year-old two-year-old and a 8 month old. So she's a completely different mom than the mom that I had which isn't a bad thing. I think that's a very positive quality. She's growing and she's becoming a great mom. She A great mom and she continues to be I don't know how she'll address everything with my sister though. That's kind of up in the air should definitely address it differently because although me and my sister are similar were were different in regards to like our emotions and stuff and I think I have no doubt that my mom will address that in the right way, but Yeah, she definitely did play a good mediator role. We became really close and it was difficult. It was difficult. Once my mom and dad did did end up going through their divorce. My mom started dating again. And since I was so close to my mom we had been through so much together and only you know, my mom and I knew what we had gone through. It was very hard for me to let her go out let her go off. Her meet people at her date, which is exactly what she should be doing. If there's no reason that she shouldn't be doing that but I think it's also a good point to mention that the kid is normal to feel that connection and to feel that kind of anger towards. Oh your parent wants to go off and date right after all this happened. They're trying to cope with that too. And I don't think my mom necessarily prepared me for that. And I don't think there's a way to be prepared for that, but it's good to mention because it happens and it'll if you're not aware of it. Really piss you off. So yeah. Yeah, you make a good point. Everybody has the right to cope with their feelings. Everybody has a right to feel their own feelings. What kind of advice would you give for somebody in that situation are you know statistics show that there will be a lot of people in that situation. So what advice do you have from your own experience for a person in the kid or no more so just in this specific situation with your mom, you know, she started She started dating you got really close with her this experience you grew together, you know, you felt things together. And then you mentioned like you didn't feel like these people that she was dating understood her. Yeah. How do you avoid that? Right? Um, do you avoid it? I definitely Just from my experience. I see no way to avoid it, but I think there's ways to to address the issue that you're having. Like I said, I was really angry and I always get upset and I wouldn't understand why my mom was doing that. I think the advice that I would give is just be aware that your parent is also a person although their your support system. They also have the exact same feelings that you are feeling and they're trying to figure it out, too. And with my mom she was just trying to get back on her feet. She's trying to meet new people and I don't blame her for that. But at the time I thought she was trying to just end my world ruin your life. Yeah, and it felt like that. I don't think it's necessarily completely avoidable though. It's it's a very deep-rooted feeling. So and you were a teenager at the time. Yep, when she started dating. I was about 13 turning 14. So just heading into Middle School. All right, sorry High School finishing up middle school and we were living at my grandma's house and it was kind of out in the middle of nowhere. I had gone to a new middle school and when I ended up going to like three or four different middle schools and I was living with my grandma and she you know, my mom would go out for a date and I would just be alone at my grandma's house with my sister with my grandma, but it just felt like the end of the world, you know, especially when you're 13 14, you have a lot of hormones going through your body and you just don't know what to do. You're just You're at a loss for words. Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of the thoughts that I'm having right now is you know, I it probably doesn't matter what you do a teenager's going to feel like the world's against them. I mean everything is against the teenager that is part of me normal hormonal teenager, but you definitely have a complicated situation and you know, I'm very Very impressed at the way that you handled it and I think that your sister will probably do the same maybe not in the same way. Right? But just because she has some good role models to look to absolutely yeah, that's a main motivator and just trying to keep my life on the right path and keep my motivations and values where I want them to be just because I know that I have such young siblings and their Going to you know, look at me and see what I do and they're going to mimic that I think that's just human behavior and I'm not going to be surprised if they go off and do whatever they want to do, but I do want to control my situation so that they can see you don't have to lose your mind as you grow up, you know, right? It's important to to have that role model aspect, especially if You have younger siblings, I believe strongly in The Power of Choice. And I think it's cool to hear stories like yours where you chose to be the Victor if you will, I just actually got done reading the book Man's Search for meaning by Viktor Frankl. Okay, I never heard of that. I was so Viktor Frankl was actually a victim of the Holocaust. Okay. He's a psychologist or psychiatrist. Excuse me, and he wrote a couple. I love books, but he survived the Holocaust the Holocaust and he went on to help millions of people obviously wrote this book. This book is amazing. I'm actually speaking of the man's search for meaning Man's Search for meaning. Okay. Yeah, I can give it to you. I own it, but nice. Um, yeah, I read it for my counseling process is class but in it they talk a lot about how he talks about the mentality of a victim and the mentality but of a Survivor and I can only imagine the type of feelings that he's having, you know, he was a happily married man pretty well off and now all the sudden everything is taken from him and He chose long story short, he chose rather than to give up and think that he had no choice no control which which he didn't you know, and he mentioned he makes a quote to paraphrase it something like the everything can be taken from a man, but you can never take a man's will you can never take his right to sleeping of decision? Yeah. Yeah, so that's where that comes from and He has this Survivor mentality like no matter what is taken from me. I will choose to be a Victor. I will you know, I will choose to enjoy the sunset. I will choose to help other people and he never lets it get him down and I think from reading the book. I personally think that's what got him through because he also shares experiences of other men who were optimistic that had High Hopes And when their hopes were shot down, They lost it all they became that victim and one man in particular. He had hopes of Liberation on a specific day. And when that day came and they weren't liberated his health physically and mentally significantly dropped and he died. So I mean that tells you a lot about the power of the mind right and so I love to hear your story because and knowing you personally as a friend I that I see you do that every single day. You know, I mean, I don't see you every single day. But yeah, but I see you do that you choose to make the best of your situation. Do you have any response to that? What you know, why do you do that? Well, I appreciate you saying that I definitely have a lot of negative thoughts throughout my day though. I think as humans were always going to find something to complain about I think our life will be as good as we to be and we're still not going to be completely satisfied and I think my interpretation of that is just one day will you know will be in heaven and we won't be consumed with all this Earthly stuff, but I think just acknowledging those negative thoughts that you have and trying your best not to act upon those negative thoughts will lead you to you know, not go down a path that you don't want to go down and I think what I try to do, which I'm not the most successful in is just constantly trying to have more positive thoughts. I think my personality is naturally more controlling. I like to have my constituents in and I To have control of it, but that's nearly impossible and just recognizing that you don't have to control everything and the things that you can control are your thoughts. So instead of having them be negative just have them be positive and it will most likely get you in a better place compared to her. You would be if you had the negative thoughts. So right I think that's my my view on it. Yeah, and I mean it's not even the like life is sunshine and rainbows, but you you realize that you have that choice. I like that a lot. Absolutely. It's interesting that you say that you like to have control of the situation. Because you've been in a lot of situation. Well, you've been in a big situation that you did not have any control over. Do you think that that's maybe part of the reason why you want to have control? Absolutely. I think that's I probably the only reason why I even like am where I am today just because I have been in a place where I couldn't control anything and I think naturally as a kid you can't control anything because your parents, you know, you're you're being parented and to add that entire situation just made it, you know a lot worse. but with that I recognized you know in my mom also reminded me she was like your life doesn't always have to be this situation and Through that I know that I can choose, you know where I want to go to school what I want to study. I can choose how I you know approach that how I you know, go to school and how much effort I put into it and I think you shouldn't burn yourself out. But I also believe that it's important to just realize that you're not going to be in a situation forever. I remember when I was say 1450 and I thought I was going to be in that situation from my life and it just when you're in that mindset, you don't feel a lot of Hope but then you can gradually, you know, get out of this, you know, whatever situation you're in and you can go into another one. And like I said, you're never ever going to be satisfied on this Earth completely. It's just It's impossible. So I think we shouldn't chase that we should just come to terms with the fact that we're going to be stressed or sad or sick. You know, it's normal. Yeah, very normal and that we can overcome that. You know that I mean this too shall pass. Oh, yeah, absolutely huge huge because especially when it comes to mental health, it's almost impossible to see that to see that there is an end, you know, and that's it. For everybody but let alone when you're in that different mindset or that that state, you know, that's just not you right. I can feel like a very dark time and I don't have all the answers to that because I still experience that like that and dark mindset where you just don't see a point in anything but it passes just like you said and there was a podcast that I was listening to I forget which one but a person said like it can only Last for so long and I think that's good to remember like whatever you're going through it can only last for so long and that's especially important when it's bad. But also when it's good like recognize when your life is good, you need to appreciate it because it can only last for so long. Yeah. Yeah complement the that good, you know, appreciate it. Well, it's there. Yeah, most definitely that's huge. Very wise very wise person. So So you kind of talked about your own experiences and that you're even still I'm glad you brought that up that your you still have these because it is normal. What about other people how other people contributed to this? Maybe have you have you saw help? How did Friends T treat you how did Pier Street you could you talk about that? Yeah, so it all kind of started in middle school at the time my aunt was one of my teachers. So that would be my dad's sister. Okay, and It was a very weird time my all my teachers new especially because my aunt was also going through that, you know, her brother was going to the exact same thing because that's how we were we were related. So I had like a lot of my teachers gave like a weird vibe to me. I guess I did have a counselor and middle school and It was a small town and I don't think she was completely ethical. She ended up saying things to some of the other teachers that I had said in confidence, which I should be you know upset about but it is what it is and that really broke my trust for going to an outside source and Letting them in on what I was feeling and what I was going through, but I also went to I forget the name of it. It was a specific program for kids who had Parents with substance abuse. I forget the name. Betty for and I don't know I don't remember the name but it was like a program and you know every kid that was there was had a parent that was going through some sort of substance abuse and that changed my perspective a little bit just knowing that there's people outside of my life that are willing to help me and then I also had a class like I said last semester with with the nursing program and that extremely changed my perception of Getting outside help. I haven't personally saw out outside help within the last few years in my life. Like I said, I mostly just tried to like assess where I'm at. And if I'm really feeling like a certain situation, I'll just try to pray about it and wait it out, but I'm not opposed to the idea of getting outside help and I think for people who who see that as not being an option should reconsider that they I think being open-minded towards that there's really nothing to lose. So yeah just be open-minded. There's a huge stigma around it as you know, and you know, I I don't personally get it but I understand why people are you know, apprehensive about saying hey, I need help because maybe even you know in a sense. It's like you're back to the back to the physical health. It's like I know the doctors know when I have a cold, right, you know, I have the symptoms of a cold but you can't self diagnose depression. You definitely probably you definitely won't self-diagnose addiction. You might absolutely know it but you're not going to tell yourself that recognize it unless you're really we're Right, right. And so whatever whatever these things are it's hard, you know, we don't see it. It's we don't so really we need to we need that help even if it's just a friend but but but professional help is there it is and there's so many people like you mentioned that are willing to help. Yeah, and that's our job. Yeah, so they're going to get paid for it and you know since they're getting For they'll do a good job. They're well-trained and for people who really need it. It's out there. It's interesting. I didn't even think about before you've now semi, I mean not I guess not professionally, but semi been in both roles. Whereas you've been through. I assume the mental health section of nursing with all of this, right did that change your point of view? Yeah, so we went through clinicals. We went to various places. So I went to D 51 Pathways program, which basically is with middle school high school students, you know who are going through substance abuse. We also went to other places like hopeless hospice center. We went to Catholic Outreach day Center stuff like that and confronting. Individuals who are going through the dark times or certain situations that we've mentioned. From a perspective of a nursing limbs really changed my perspective and it also brought up a lot of my emotions from my past which I think is normal, but it's also extremely important to remember that when you're in that role you just need to maintain your in maintain boundaries and be professional my professor. She said that and I couldn't agree more that we just we need to have boundaries. And as long as you have those you have hold them and you maintain your profession ality, I guess yeah. Yeah be good, but it also helps you put helps you put yourself in their shoes and you can understand what they're going through since you've been through something like that, which is very good. That's huge. Yeah, not everybody has that. Hmm. And I'd that's why I think it's huge. Um, you know, it's interesting because we are human we are imperfect and we make mistakes, you know, you've mentioned a few you mentioned why you had kind of a negative view of professional providers. It's interesting. Now, they like, you know on the other side, but it's a good point like professionals have their own problems. And that's okay. What's not okay is like you said they're getting paid to help you not to. You know have the time to let you know let their load out on you. You know, that's not necessarily ethical. Yeah. Absolutely. I agree. So what about what about the stigma? How how can we minimize this stigma from your experience and your opinion? Hmm. That's a good question. Um for a long time, especially when I was going through all the stuff with my dad, I didn't even really recognize that there was a stigma I didn't even recognize it as anything. I just know the emotions that I felt at the time and I let those emotions really drive my my decisions and what I did but then I started hearing like that there was a stigma it was like this cliche thing to say And I think going past that so not letting your emotions drive. You not letting that cliche staying of like, oh, there's a helps mental health stigma going past that and recognizing what exactly mental health is what exactly mental illnesses and that everybody can experience both. That's what's important and then just kind of educate yourself. What's available regarding professional help that could I think eliminate a lot of the stigma just knowing that like we're all going to be mentally ill even if it is just like a common cold quote-unquote or will be super, you know, healthy and our mental state. I think recognizing that I think it should decrease it. But I don't know the true answer to it either right? That's why I say your PIN. I love that. Love the common cold comparison. I think that's great. You know forget who said that. It was one of my instructors. Yeah, that's great. She should be applauded. I think that's I think that's wonderful because mental health everybody experiences these things and it might be a common cold and it might be a chronic illness, right? That's so true. I can't agree more. Yeah and with the chronic illness just just with any physical chronic illness say like COPD or diabetes. There are ways to manage that that illness. Yeah, and just because you think that you have a chronic illness or that you do does not mean that you can't manage it. There's definitely options 100% So, how do you how do you plan to proceed? You know with all this with life? Yeah, look with your life. Oh wow. It's gonna be a day-to-day thing. I think I just need to maintain my positivity and continue to take it day by day. I think exercise is good. Really assessing all aspects of your life. So even your diet like that can affect a lot of your your mindset so really just take a day my day. I think that's my goal and also maintain my my faith. I think I won't have an issue with that, but we're always going to be tried. So yeah, that's my goal. So would you say that's also your advice to others regarding stigma with mental health or regarding dealing with a yeah, I think I don't necessarily have true advice. I just think it's good to remember that things. Don't last forever. Everything is truly temporary and this lifetime and we're not going to be in a certain situation forever. So don't let one choice or multiple choices dictate how your life is going to end up because this situation is not going to last but your choices will and if you make a stupid Choice then you have to deal with that consequence yeah for sure and that speaks to everyone even me yeah would you you know you're very wise you've learned a lot and I think I think you're very observant person anyways would you ever consider speaking or writing about this yeah I would I haven't considered it at all but eventually that's cool I think you know there are different organizations like the National Alliance of mental illness and you know just different organizations that do kind of reach out and and say hey it's normal and to quote NAMI it's you know it's okay not to be okay absolutely I couldn't agree more yeah so that's huge it's kind of and here just a couple of fun questions what First what? What's something like fun about you that nobody knows that's a great question. I feel like I'm in like a really open person. But what's something fun that nobody knows? Or maybe just that you'd like to share that I like to share a piece of quirks. That's a hard question that no one else. Yeah. That's a real tough question. Um, I'm like an avid Spotify playlist maker. I love just making Spotify playlist of different songs. Not a lot of people know that about me but I have so many playlists that I just on the name and create my little thing. Yeah. So who's your who's your most listen to who I think are to know who your 2019 most listened to ya for 2019 it was Like the wrapper which I'm proud of ya. He addressed his mental illness to yeah, it's great. Yeah. Awesome. Who do you admire? Hmm? That's a good question. I think my like right off the top of my head. I listen to Joe Rogan like at least every day, but it's also good to not necessarily have like an idol in your life. So I try not to like focus on it too much. But Joe Rogan is the coolest so he's a great person to admire, you know, very fitting for a podcast. Yeah, Joe Rogan. Yeah, but he is great. The only reason I asked I think it's important to you know, look to certain people it's good to have your sense of self and know who you are know your boundaries I guess but I also think it's good to look to somebody for example, you know as we talked about your little sister, you know, that's that's huge in somebody's life. Yeah and with Joe Rogan's podcast He also includes a lot of different perspectives. So I think it's like a safe Outlet to just listen to gain A New Perspective or consider someone else's perspective and just listen to like your favorite podcast, you know, there's comedy there's their seriousness and there's like a quite a bit of knowledge. You can learn from Joe's podcasts. So yeah, it reaches quite the crowd to I mean even MMA in there. So yeah so much with his connection there. great last last thing could you challenge others to do something hmm maybe think of it as your little sister or somebody close to you that is struggling with something similar what would you challenge them to do hmm yeah I would say go outside and go on a walk or like go for a quick run and take a moment like look at the trees And then assess how you feeling at that moment see if it's any different from what you were feeling before because usually that helps me. Awesome. I think that's great advice kind of step outside and think about it. Awesome. Well, you're great Marine. I appreciate you sharing your story, and I think I can speak for anybody that will hear this. So thanks for taking your time, and we appreciate it. Thank you.