Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. been awhile and want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of dating for the most part within modern. Woman is a complete waste of time. Anyway could lead to jail time like mr. Lead had with his son dealing with that woman, you know, I can easily lead to jail time, but Back to what I was talking about. She's texting me now actually as I'm as I'm giving you this podcast and we talk occasionally and she's texting me back and forth talking about her daughter's not taking there. She's not taking the whole thing. Well because The woman I pumped and dumped she is not actually finishing the divorce. She has all the paperwork done in a separation and the guy doesn't want to sign it because he's going to lose his ass. He's going to get taken to the cleaners. So he's not a big rush to do that, you know for obvious reasons and I realized why don't right away that my standards have gotten much too high that it's be even Beyond a pump and dump because I'll be straight out thinking. Wait a second. you got yourself a solid education, and she doesn't and you got yourself a solid job, and she doesn't and she's post-war which anybody my age of course is going to be post wall, you know, and so all these negatives all these freaking negatives and I just, you know, had had to ghost your let that one go and She text me. I will text back, you know not going to block the bitch. I don't I don't care they even do that. But it she was telling me that she was dating. Some guy at she had asked me what I did for Valentine's Day. And of course, I told her I had a big old fat steak. It's a steakhouse and some beers and we'll the Harley around and had a great day. You know my day how I want to do it my time scheduling whole freaking thing was it was beautiful. It was wonderful wasn't it was the best Valentine's day. I've had in a long time. That's all I had asked her and she said oh, yeah, I went out with this guy and and I'm all the same guy you've been talking to for a while. So yeah, I don't know if it's serious. I don't know what he's doing and and he still married and I'm like, I'm sorry what and that's when I found out the guy that she has been talking to. Because now we're just friends and she made a point of telling me that would his friends and not that shit matters if I don't give a shit, but I think the last time I physically saw her was this time last year fucking something like that. But yeah, she made a point to tell me that we're just friends. I'm like, okay. But yeah, she's telling me back to what I was talking about. She's telling me yeah. Yeah, he hasn't filed the paperwork yet and and his kids always ask about me. I'm like What the fuck are you doing? Oh, oh, oh ways. You deserve that? If you're going to talk to anybody meet anybody talk to anybody and you're still legally married, you deserve all that's coming to you. to just now she gets to see what it's like on her and now she gets to see what it's like when she turns guys down and She went through her, you know up until he's 25, you know, she had all the The Pick of the litter she could pick and choose what she wanted to do. She had a sigh a high sexual Marketplace value this blonde little chick. She can do what you want. Say what you want. She can pick and choose. But not anymore get yourself a couple kids and you didn't take yourself. You take care of yourself. With your education and now you want to get divorced, but you don't have nothing to fall back on and we'll shit. You're just in your late 40s and you got no game nothing to talk about. my shits got standards now, even if I wanted to go away from monk, which I don't but even if I did I'm going to have freaking high standards because you got high standards and most women do That gets worse all the time. Ha ha ha. I'm texting her back and forth and listen to Sean's podcast and I figured I would make a podcast that she still texting me right now. It's just it's just I had to share it. It's just I'd have to share the fact that she's frustrated that I can do and say what I want when I have what I want how I want and a big old fucking fat steak from for myself on Valentine's Day. I can do what the fuck I want. and she basically can't And on top of that she gets to deal with all the bullshit that she signed up for dumbass, bitch. Enjoy your life gentleman. Get out there and live life on your terms. Yes. I've talked about that a lot in my videos and my podcast I've talked about that a lot. But I got to say it find what you enjoy and do it. I plan to go who to Hawaii later this year next year. I want to plan to go to Norway and I can do it just based on the fact that I don't take women out to dinner. I don't go out and clubs and all that bullshit. I don't do any of that stuff that blue pill men do spending cash that they either don't have what they shouldn't spend. on relationships like a Ken would say but yeah, I'm sorry. now the Name Escapes me but I'm sorry Delta Dan. That's who it is that Delta Dan he said relationships. Yeah gentleman live life on your terms and like mgtow live would say if you're monk. Stay monk. If you're make towel stay and make towel and those women out there. They got they got nothing to offer. They got a blown-out Percy. That's they've been they've been given, you know, all this sex to guys like like Lewis and freaking all the alpha guys. And now they want beta bucks and they want you to step up to the plate be a good man. No, we're not doing that shit you got nothing to offer and what you have to offer is just stress and troubles and bullshit. No, we're Kings. If you want to take me out shit, I'll let you do that. But you won't. Yeah, fuck that shit. All right gentlemen, I do appreciate you taking the time to listen to this podcast when I rapped about. These blown out bitches that had their time and now they're trying to the trying to give what they can get and she was my last pump adopt, but now it should it's just entertainment to text this chick and see what Trainwreck she's going to it's just good stuff. That's good stuff. All right gentlemen, I do appreciate it. And as always take it easy.