Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world.He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of gold, how could he be lucky? So he felt terrible. What's a leprechaun without luck? And he thought I'm going to have to do something about this. I'm going to have to find a way to make a rainbow. I'll never get a pot of gold then. I'll never be lucky and then I will always be the unluckiest of leprechauns Soul. Any thought any thought any thought but it couldn't think of anything. He wasn't a very smart leprechaun. Fact leprechauns aren't usually that smart they're lucky so he decided mmm, maybe if I find other lucky things I could become lucky too. So he went searching for Lucky things first. He looked for a four-leaf clover, but all he found were three-leaf clovers. I had see a four-leaf clover. I am so unlucky said Lenny then he thought well, maybe I could find a horseshoe. Yeah, let's go find a horseshoe. So he went around and he went around and he realized wait a second. There's no horses on this island. Of course there wouldn't be any horseshoes then. I'm still the unluckiest leprechaun there. Is there any thought what else is lucky? Hmm a rabbit's foot. Yeah, a rabbit's foot rabbit foots are lucky. I got to find a rabbit's foot. So he went around looking for a rabbit hood here there everywhere. Then he realized wait a second. We don't even have a rabbit's on this island. There's no horses. There's no rabbits. There's no four leaf clovers. There's nothing what am I gonna do? I'm never going to be the lucky leprechaun, but then as he was sitting there crying the strangest thing happened. A little bit of rain started to fall and he started to get wet and he thought oh just my rotten luck. I'm unlucky and I'm wet, but then the sun started shining really brightly and it was still raining and Lenny looked up. It was a rainbow a rainbow. We've never seen a rainbow. Ever on this island. Holy cow. I must be lucky. I will follow this rainbow because at the end of the rainbow is always that pot of gold and when I find that pot of gold I will be lucky. So he chase the rainbow from one end to the other and just as he got there. There was the pot of gold right there. And he was so excited he ran over to it, but then he tripped just in front of it and he fell and he fell into the pot and the pot tipped over and all the gold fell over and there was a big hole in the ground and all the gold fell down down down down down and there was no gold left. And just then he looked up and the rainbow disappeared and he cried and he cried and he cried and he said I am the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world and just then is started a thunder and lightning storm and he got wet and he got scared by the Thunder. Any thought nothing could be worse than this and then he slipped and he fell in the hole. Oh. But didn't hurt himself because he landed on all that gold. And then he started to smile and he said my gold my gold. I found my gold. I am lucky. I am lucky and he shouted I am lucky he shouted at so loud that it went all the way to the top of the hole and all the people and all the animals heard it. They heard I'm lucky. I'm lucky and they all looked down at Lenny and said Nope, get the bottom of the hole. You're unlucky ha ha ha the end.