This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that. We were Hearst for that. Yes. We that was quite a probably about half a day of rehearsal. It was it was it was some choreography that you didn't see in see I was like holding my throat and I was moving Adele is actually wearing clam shells and a green spandex. We had to this is why the podcast was late because we spent half the day rehearsing that and then we had to like of course create a set. Of course da da there are I mean, See which Tavern and and Dylan is like fully has a velvet outfit on of octopus coming hours actually do have one in storage somewhere what I knew it I do and I'm really yeah that yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, I have to say she's she's I love her. It's so funny because you're supposed to not love her. I mean until she tries to kill the father. I mean I get a little sad. I don't know. It's her brother and her brother was Of a bitch. Oh, wait, is that him? So in the original they don't show if you look at like the original concept of the script. Yeah and like in the deleted scenes, it's her brother. So technically she's the aunt to Ariel. Okay, and then like in the Broadway show they expanded on that me and they made it that so yeah. Okay. Well, I will say this that she was my favorite just first of all the voice of the person who does it are amazing and the song is amazing and it is kind of like a perfect. It's not just a perfect Segway or commentary on our podcast today. But even the when I saw the movie I was like, yeah if she's asking for the impossible. Yeah, then you're pretty much saying and then it's also it's got all these weird messages because she's also giving up her whole everything for well. If you do it this way, maybe Ariel, it's It's like they really took out a loan and then Ursula is the debt collector and she's like what can you put up for collateral? Yeah, my favorite line, of course is and Donis underestimate the importance of body language. It starts moving because it's like basically putting in people's face. Yeah. I have no shame in saying let's tell the truth. Like he's going to be looking at your body. Yeah, well, you know, it's so funny to if you look at the like reading the lyrics it's like the men of their don't like a lot of blabber. The only I know just shut up. Yeah STP girl who gossips is a bore and it's like just look pretty when I was a kid I use so I thought she said whore but then I was like, I mean like I don't know. What are you like 5 and your life? How did they think that this is a whore like, oh that whore that whore. So today's subject is not the little mermaid. It's not the little mermaid. It's see which has no, it's not that either it is. What was it? It's okay where I decided we don't have to be a stickler of saying that exact name. I don't think too many people do that. But the subject matter is paying a price for this path. Yeah sacrifice that you make for walking. This path is absolutely an approach this path and I feel like we approach this. Subject because not only have we've had more than giving up our voice to do this path. But we've had people come to us who have said that we shouldn't charge for are some covers out. Yeah. Well I'm saying that now that's a different price but I'm saying people I've seen who are like, oh, I'm going down this path. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that and I and I don't know about you, but I know I've worn people like if you're going to walk this path of you're going Open this door. You need to be prepared for what comes with it. It's not like you just wake up and go. I think I'm going to flip on today. I'm going to be medium gonna just tomorrow. I'm gonna be a witch right you're gonna have to there. There is a sacrifice you make to see the World Behind the world and to work with the elements and to work with something because it had how do I explain? It's like it's not only that element that you're dealing with. But it's all the other people who are kind of conjuring and doing energy. I don't mean like literally Conjuring but I mean other people's energy and the frequencies and all that comes hitting back on you and I kind of equate that is to almost like the spiritual warfare that goes on and I'm just saying when you're going to be opening yourself up to this path, you have to be willing to sacrifice. I was just thinking another pot subject that we could do Forever on is spiritual warfare now I did a video on it and it wasn't enough. Me tell you I don't it was not nearly enough to cover. How much goes on. Well c'mon. Let me just sneak in there quickly as I roll Dylan words. Everything is his chair towards me like to look at. Okay. So let's start let's start with that. Let me do let me interview you for an interview me. I am do it Dylan Adela when you first started this path, like I know you started as a kid in a sense like you were drawn to it. But when you really were like like remember you had that turn where you were like, I'm going to do readings for people on Broad. Yeah. Well Broadway auditions and auditions and yeah and then you said okay, I guess this is what I'm doing. Yeah, you like crossed that line right where you kind of turned your back on to something. I we all know you love ya. Did you expect was that your first sacrifice? No, I think it came earlier, you know, and remember I joked. I was like remember when we were talking about this earlier and I tripped and I was like, I'm all my social life back. It has impacted my social life and even as a kid like I think once you learn Okay, I'll put it to you this way. There are so many biased views on which cracked. Yeah. Okay. So as you said and as I've said before I came to Witchcraft early early, so I'll never forget like the 90s 2000s. Yeah when Harry Potter made such a huge impact on everyone's life. Yes, and it was hard because believe me did I want to be part of it a hundred percent and everyone who knew that I liked Witchcraft and all that stuff. I was like you need to and and am I not saying I've I know plenty of which isn't practicing which is who are obsessed with Harry Potter and they don't have an issue right for me though. It kind of fucked me up in the sense that I think I I was like if I give in to this if I accept this like a fantasy, yeah people and people did people thought that I believed in that people thought that my witchcraft in my practice was this fantasy that they read about Out. Yeah, so even as a kid, I was already building these walls of like no, I don't like that or I can't like that. I can't give in to that because I like this. I didn't know at that age of like the crowd right like the mainstream. Yes. Okay. The other thing too is that I became such an advocate for this craft early on. Yeah that whenever people cracked jokes or whenever it was displayed like now I can because I've yeah, absolutely. But out, yeah as a kid, it was pretty like I was like no that's wrong and I couldn't help it those like a little fire in me. Yeah, you know like once I want to be like, oh, you're a witch you ride brooms and I'd be like, no, right. Right, right, but I think it was that and I think the first sacrifice that I made like early on was it to me it was the idea of I wasn't in the broom closet like everyone's like I didn't know how to do witchcraft discreetly and like I that's one thing that I wish that I did. No, does that make sense? Like I mean, I understand now I do as you wish but back then we should kind of kept it private. Yeah. Definitely. I definitely it was one of those things that I didn't necessarily know how to conceal and also well, I think it's a turning point too because I think that there was a lot that I hid so I missed out on being part of different communities. And then I think there was a lot I didn't want them to know right and then they the ones who did know that I wanted to be friends with they kind of built this barrier, especially when it came to religion. So the first thing for me was like as a kid as a kid religion definitely like I would and I'll tell you this. This is a weird thing that I think back on. I've had people like friends asked me like, oh was a hard being a you know gay growing up because you can't I came out really early it was Order to be it was harder to be a witch than it was to be gay. Yeah, I agree. I believe that. So I think that was the first sacrifice. I have a friend who I grew up and I won't say because she's kind of private that I knew who we both were raised in a religion and her parents did not like when she came out at all, but let me tell you when they found out what I did I told her I'm worse like I was much Worse to them than her like her they felt like well, maybe she's just like going through things we can win her back but you know, I'm like was saying now so yeah, she's just totally evil. So I said well at least I look a lot you look a lot better now. Yeah, it was way worse to them. I even have said this in my own family not saying my family doesn't there's not into it, but I feel like for sure because they're very liberal people. They'd be like waving rainbow flag. Eggs and doing all kinds of things if that's what I had to tell them that when I told them like listen, I've been doing readings for a year. It wasn't like they were like you're going to go to hell at all, but they were like, oh, yeah, okay interesting and like joked about it and still don't you know not all of them are into it and I for sure have said if I came out they'd be like running behind me. Yeah at the parades, you know, and it's like and here's why I think it's mean obviously we I know that there was a time where that wasn't true right that that being gay wouldn't have been that same thing. But I feel like when it comes to this the stigma that we're going to talk about today, it's things like, you know picturing me on the beach, you know, reading, you know Palms to people for like, you know to Buck tips and you know scamming people that and I think that's pretty much what I when I told them and I show them here's my cards. Here's my website. And this was like whale well over 10 years ago when I started and also stuff they were like, okay, maybe because of all those things we believe you like might be doing some work, but did they like dive into it now? And that is why it's because the stigma of like, oh you sound flaky and flighty and you know, all that kind of stuff. Absolutely and I think it stops you sacrifice a lot when you tell people what you do the other thing too, is that There was this weird thing that I realized so like obviously like being gay is not a choice, right but being a which is right, so I kind of feel like any any hope that I had of people being accepted me being accepted for being gay the moment. I added that layer of being a witch. Well now Dylan just wants to go against the grain like I got a lot of that too. Now you're seeking attention. Now you're wanting to bring things for yourself. We have to understand him because this is something he Can't control roles. This is who he is. But now you're just being all crazy if you're all cool being with yeah. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And so that was kind of like that was the first sacrifice to the other thing that you know, it's once again, it's just like being a witch in the 90s and being a kid and whatever I remember fighting a lot of people who thought that I was influenced by the fantasy aspect, of course, so So like and I think and I wonder not I wonder I tell myself all the time too. I think that that's why I use books and references as my wife. I know that's why you do because you want to show people like listen. I'm an intelligent person. Yeah. I know my shit. I have any information and talk and I and the funny thing is the reason why I stick to like I don't read books is because people tend to think if I'm talking to spirits and they're like, oh you learn that for somewhere right? You must have read that. You must have read that like this is how you do things around or maybe you read someone else's quote unquote medium experience and you're just like picking up on it. So it's really really important even the first spirit and we talked about this a podcast that I heard was like don't read stuff don't follow other people because it will influence us teaching you this realm right and people will start assuming like you are just like mimicking things. Quite so it's kind of the same reason though. Yeah same reason you're doing books because people do challenge people challenge you all the time like it. So well, what about this culture? And what about that and then it is so if you can go listen, I know my shit. I know where things yeah, they start. Yeah, it makes sense. You know, what's so funny whenever I don't reference something probably because I don't connect with that or I don't resonate with that. Right? Exactly. I don't really resonate with everything. I don't resonate with, you know, I'm gonna get a lot of shit. Like only but that's not a bad thing. Like I don't resonate with like Norse, you know, it confused it their mythology is so intense their deities are a little too just a little background. We got asked this question on our YouTube and I think to Aunt what I did to your point is what Dylan saying is just because he's going I believe in certain mythology. He is also a person who has his preferences just like with me. I have people go. Did you read the book on? You know reincarnation or and I'm like no I already told you I don't believe in or did you read or did you read a book on this and spirits? And this I'm like no, I don't resonate with that. So I'm not referencing it for a reason. So just because you're a reader, I mean you get this a lot. Yeah, right. I great so about the north seemed like someone recently asked me they're like, you know, you mentioned a lot of these other cultures. Why don't you mention Norris and it's because One in my learning. Okay. I was not really influence or taught North. It is something that I have studied on my own but it's not something that I've integrated into my practice, right? Okay, and these are moments why do think you know deities or things find you? Yes, because they never found me. Look it was never something that was apparent that I had to pay attention to it. If it's something that came up a lot I'd like, oh the other thing too is it's not only that but you know I like to make sure that if I can back something up. I know the facts, you know, and there's a lot about the Norse that I'm not up to par with. No, you're staying in. Yeah, I'm staying in my Lane your way. And so so, okay. So backing up to the first sacrifice became you specify and then I'll get into like what I feel like was my first yeah, that's what can you specify what you mean. Can you explain what you mean by? Yeah, I think I think not I think they're definitely family members who Who pushed me away and I'll stir size me because of my personal because of my beliefs right? There are friends that I thought we'd be very close to this day that have pushed me away because of my beliefs. So that's kind of the first one the other thing to belief and and this is and what I mean by that is that the sacrifice that I make every day is trying to Vince myself and others that what I do, it's not just coming true because of luck or or because of random. That's right. It's coming true because there is some Divine or mystical semblance coinciding with the working that I'm doing. Yes, and and this is a fight and I know that you must deal with this on the day today like so for me, I'll do spell work for someone, right? Okay. Well, I'll just spell work for myself. Okay, I know from doing. This for years. Like I see the benefits I see how it affects me. I when I make you know, my petition city is or when I work with things or when I do readings to me. It is Supernatural or it is not a physical because I'm seeing how it's done. Yeah, it's hard to I think this is hard to a lot of people don't believe. Yeah, and that is my that is my biggest. Not so much sacrifice, but I would say that is my biggest uphill battle. Yeah, people taking me seriously people thinking that I'm not, you know, just full of shit or that, you know, I don't like I feel like it's a double-edged sword because when I play Kate or when I go to the history, yeah, I got asked. What do you actually believe in stuff? Right? And but then when I go super whoo, whoo, whoo. Whoo. Whoo, they're like, well, what can you say to what can you say to back that up? And I'm like Oh my gosh, like there's no winning. There's no winning in this path. That's true. You know now I have only touched on the surface of sphere communication and even then I get scared one because you know how I am about the spirits right and to I think that not I think I can say that there is always a fear of it's so funny because this is my post yesterday on Instagram judgment. Right that fear of Judge. Oh don't Dylan saying that he's connecting to something but he's not right you just saying that for attention, right? Yes. Well, I've got that. Oh hell yeah, do I get that? Okay. So first of all, I would say my first sacrifice I never thought of it. And so I kind of like that you put it the way you have and brought it up because I never really thought of it this way, but it was immediately a social and a family thing. Being immediately when I had to tell friends. Oh this thing I do that's why I used to call it. No. No what I was talking about. Now, you rolled your eyes. Yeah, I brought. Well, I yeah because the way they're saying like this thing, you know, and I when I first had to tell people they didn't know what I was talking about. They're like, what do you mean this thing you do? And I was like, well, I didn't know how to describe it. So immediately there was two things one. I knew I was putting myself on The Chopping Block. I knew that That was it like once I tell I started telling people I was going to get judged. I was going to get teased. I was gonna get made fun of sure enough did by the public by Family by friends guest I don't have friends and let me tell you what the Dylan Dylan's my friend. That's where my friend my partner's my friend, but I have very few friends and let me tell you why I mean like seriously like very like one too. Three, maybe my mom's her friend your mom's my friend and I have some childhood friends. And that is it who have just been like that's Adela. So, you know, we're going to deal with it. But the reason why the for me the sacrifice is because the way I can talk to the dead and once people did so once they move past she's full of shit, which I had to deal with a lot a lot a lot which by the way is what pushed me so hard to hone this As strong as I could the reason why I went above and beyond to go. Don't tell me a name. Just tell me who you want to talk to. I'll talk to that person. Particularly. I'll give you details. I learned remote viewing so I can look at your house so they can show me the house they grew up and the reason why I sharpened it was so like so maybe you believe this is happening. So maybe you'll connect to that realm. It wasn't just about to show off how great I can do. It was like maybe you'll open yourself up to. Hey your grandma your mom is Actually trying to talk to you like isn't about me being amazing. It's because I am sacrificing me getting attacked so that you can maybe know that you're not alone. It's so that is a great that is and it's painful. Yeah, because you lose people. Oh you lose people people if you don't do it exactly the way they liked if you disappoint them once if you if you if people get scared of you, I know people I'll look at people many many times and this Is probably happen more before me and you connected and I'll see people posting about friends and stuff. I can't really have that life same and I'll go I just this is a sacrifice I made yeah, and the reason why is because the flip side is that one people know what I do then they then I'm on tap. Yeah that it's like, can you tell me what you see about this? Can you talk to someone like this? Can you constantly? Yeah, and then when you don't then you're an asshole absolutely and it's so funny because I'm tired. Rings to mirror. Just what you were saying. The two things is one that is why there are so many no offense. There are a lot of woo-woos out there letting we which is right that just like AA and then there are also the stigma there are so many misconceptions about Witchcraft and I can't tell you like everyone has been like oh darling, you're such a know-it-all or you're so stuck up because if someone's like oh six thousand people were burned at Salem and I'm like, no one was burned at Salem, you know. Right 60 92, right? You know it the he and I automatically it's like oh, well, that's too much, you know, or if I if I try to correct like other witches and and I try not to it's and it's not that I correct them on The Practice Tee right there. Yeah, but like I can't a lot of witches or a lot of people who claim to be witches who come to Witchcraft don't necessarily know the history and that is something that I'm learning. It's a hard ground because I want to be friends with these. People but it's very hard to be friends with people who either aren't educated in their background or will say things out of their ass or or come up with facts that I'm like, where did you get that? Right and you know, and I think the thing is is that the sacrifice that you make with that is if you're putting yourself out, you know if Mystic Dylan's putting himself out as someone who is knowledgeable and well versed and educated then of course, you're like, that's part of what I do. I kind of Like State education, like if you were estate, you know the information if you were like an astronaut and I started my cats going to like start scratching. So we just let her yeah. Okay everybody. She's scratching. She's I knew I see was she was circling us. She was making loud. Like I was like, I was like trying to telepathically beggar not too and she was like fuck off. I'm doing it. Okay, so, okay. So what? My friend and she's my friend, but she I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me. It's kind of became a choice. By the way. I chose absolutely not it's become a choice like I need to do that but I would say like if you're going to put yourself out there then and if you were astronaut and you and someone was like and the Moon is what you would go. Listen, and I know I had someone told me like you can't compare the two and I like she goes and I'm like, you can't compare the two because of someone is well-versed in an expert at what they do and they're a professional then it's okay, but the stigma you get when it comes to spirituality because there's so many should we like are we going to let her keep going because I can tell her now. Let's tell her no. From here. Yes, I'm sending her the no Vibes. She said she's so naughty she does not care. She's does this to me every time okay, I think you guys can accept the cap thing if she keeps doing it. I will remove oh, she's staring at us. She was like what you're talking about me. She's like just keep going but I wanted to so anyway, sorry about that guys. I hope you guys understand the cat thing. I'll remove her if it becomes a problem, but I would say that. Part, I have a hard time with when people do stuff like oh hell no, that's the shit. Just got Next Level. You just like, okay. There we go. Okay. Sorry. We had a moment. The the cat has departed to the other realm not not the other realm. No, no Larry is because I almost feel like it's her going like you guys are fine. Yeah, I love when you were like if it gets worse and we'll do something lemon 2 seconds later. Come on. Okay, tell me there's not telepathic the okay. Absolutely. Alright, so what I'm saying, is that what what's really hard? Is that when? Do with me as a medium. The hardest part has been when every time I do a reading people assume that I'm walking in like all cocky like yeah, that that's right. I know I'm going to talk to the spirit and everybody just move aside every time I do a reading whether it's a gallery Seance one-on-one. I'm like, this could be the day. It's like nothing about it. Yeah, they're like fuck off and this will be the day. I'm going to say something I have to say. Say things like they died this way. This is how they died. This is how they felt about you. They loved you. And if the person's like oh hell no, you know every time and so it's always coming into a reverent. So I feel like that what's been always hard is that I'm sitting here working so hard to show this mmm and to do this for people and then let's say I think people assume that it's just kind of flowing very easily. Yeah, and it's a constant state. Of dedication like I am like running a marathon is exactly I always have to get checked by that wrong. Like I've even I'll hear them talk to me going like, you know, you can hear us so just calm down and I do have it that triggers a question to me and then I have I have a story to go with that. But okay, so you're obviously you have a skill set that you trained for but is it 50% you and fifty percent them allowing you to have these gifts. Absolutely so there. Is a chance that one day you could unintentionally piss them off and it's like radio sign. No, they don't do rate. They don't they I've been warned if I start moving to Ego. Oh, can I start to come more about me? They won't go radio silent, but they'll knock me on my ass and say we're going to teach you a lesson and that's part of a sacrifice to yeah, and I've done it. Okay, so I've done it a few times and I've even done something like I'm going to stop reading and I'm not going to read anymore and they Like oh you think so and I'm like, yeah, I think so and then the job I had disappeared and then I had to read full time. I have that too. Yeah, I have asked you twice to I had I didn't want to have to do that. I was like no. No, I kind of like it part time. I just want it sometimes and there were like them know if you because I start getting all cocky like I don't really have to read. Yeah, so, you know, I'm good and that's part of a sacrifice. So I feel like I just want to say this the overall picture which I know we have details the bigger picture of walking this path, especially when you're doing it professionally, but if you're really truly dedicating is really realizing that you are sacrificing a piece of yourself for others. It's true other things and not realm not just the living that wrong. You also can't just you know you and we talked about this before but like claiming that you're a medium or claiming that you're a witch. It's not just a title. You have to own it. You have to wear it. So yes. You do witchcraft I'm gonna say it. I don't think doing witchcraft makes you a witch. I know plenty of people who do spells and and who will go to the psychic I or these stores and get a love spell or the clients who get spell work for me just because they're doing spellwork does not make them a witch. No you have it's a first of all witchcraft is a practice. It's a craft. It's something that you have to incorporate into your day-to-day life, you know, and I would say I would say the same thing so, So a lot of times I get a lot from people. Oh, well, I've been seeing spirits and I've been seeing this and it's not it's not the part that I'm getting hard on people that there is a difference between seeing spirits and being a meeting mediating. I'm sacrificing myself for talking for the dead to the living. It's not just that but it's the fact that if you're being flippant about it, or if you're doing it from ego I can sense because most of the time the people I talk to Who are going towards this path is reluctant reluctant or if you're doing it to be special right? Because being special is not that's what we're saying being quote special if that's what you think being special is. It's not fun to be the part. We're still on the outskirts. Absolutely no matter how many Harry Potter's are how to open a chest. Yeah horror stories that are out there. We are still friends. It's so true for people who never met they came to us, absolutely and there. They're successful people. And so we're it's still a fringe world. It is not So Glamorous, it's not the Glamorous like, you know, the other thing too is that you know talking about titles. I just went through this the other day so like, um, I'm single and there we go. So but on dating profiles, here's the thing. I'm not gonna it's like job professional wish And then I'm like that. What was that? What was that? So it's things like that for the longest time. I just said tarot card reader and even that was like so like before that I was a Broadway Usher. So that was cool prior to that. I was working at Disney guest relations. That was cool. But now it's one of those things where it's like, I don't even know how to feel that because there is so much stigma and even people like, what do you do? I'm like and like You like psychic is weird and I'm not just a psychic. I don't know when I've worked on Family Guy. The biggest thing I loved about it was that I was reading part time, but I never told anybody that part. Yeah and people around me kept saying like, oh, you should tell people you shouldn't hide it. You shouldn't be ashamed and I never forget this weird moment. I had I was walking down the street in LA and this guy with dreads who like made these wooden flutes and actually he's to sell them to which store it just so happened he Cross paths and he looked at me and said what do you do and I paused and he looked me in the eye and I think I don't know if he's homeless and he lived off these wooden flutes. There were wooden flutes. No joke with dreads, like stereotype full life, but it was happening and he looked at me and he goes don't ever be ashamed of who you are. Oh snap that in the eyes and he goes no don't don't stutter and I was like, how old is this guy and this stuff used to happen with shitty stopping all the time and I Not so I swear to God there was something about that that shifted something in me because I knew if I'm going to not like if I'm going to tell people and yes, what I was at one time. I was at a post office and the guy in front of me was like, oh, yeah. I'm on a break because I work at a construction that guy find it behind his like me too. Well, I couldn't I'm retired. What do you do and I was like, I'm a teacher now because he'll know I use because bad I told you I knew they were not I was like I'm stuck in this line. Yeah, he needs to older men and I could read them because I can read of course and I'm like, they're not going to be talking to have so you sacrifice sometimes connection. Yes you sacrifice connection normal everyday thing right? I've been in a lift where some guy was talking to me and this is before I like owned the word. Which yeah and they're like, what do you do when I'm like a tarot card reader and they're like, oh like you work at a casino. I was like no, And like what do you mean? I was I got my car or a card reader and there were like like a bank like a bank teller and then I was like, I work at Disney. Yeah, you know I am like or like when I worked at the Museum, I would say I was a museum curator because I didn't even know how to like come when I'm like what I give psychic readings at a museum. What kind of Museum are the if you're doing something like this because it's like interesting to you and we're not saying we're encouraging people to go. Your interest and your like I'm really drawn to it there. It's very different when this is who we are right? This is our life. You can't change it. Like there's only bullshit about my teaching job that I don't have it's my livelihood. This person may not want to be my friend. And by the way, I've had people find out get a little close and their husbands are like you're not friends with a hundred percent Christian. I've had part because whatever reason are just yeah Christian, so it's a sacrifice I've had I've been in like relationships I've had friends to They're like, you know what this was cool as a hobby when we thought it was a hobby but I like the fact that you're doing this like all the time. They're like, no, they're like no, right, you know, or they think that it's crazy but I will say talking about you mentioned. How like you you tried to run from this from a moment. Oh, yeah three times. So I not three times but I did it once and and this is how this is where I'm like the universe doesn't laugh. We want to be on this right exactly one. I told you, you know when I first started Did doing this professionally it was the whole idea it was you know, I'm going to give a shout out to my good friend Joel Castillo because if it wasn't for him, honestly, I wouldn't be doing this literally at school. I went to amda in New York for musical theater. We were in between classes. He asks for a reading and I was like meet me here in between classes in this little corner and I will give you a reading. Yeah, so sure enough we meet and he goes Hey guys, Dylan reads fortunes. I'm like what the fuck show Al so sure enough. It kind of built a crowd. So I started doing readings like that, right? I wanted to go to auditions. I was getting callbacks. I want to win on Broadway, but everyone wanted readings from me. So that kind of pulled me from my path. A year into that. I was getting tired of New York if I wasn't going to be on Broadway doing auditions. Fuck New York. I went back to Disney. So I'd already been working at Disney for a bit. But I'm back to Disney and it was weird because I kind of like put doing readings and spell work and everything like I still practice Witchcraft and I still was which but that was on the down low and I was at Disney and I was happy I was in a relationship and everything. And there were all these opportunities that presented my themselves to me people would want me for parties people want me for things and yeah Universal. Yeah. Okay. Well II mean I'm sorry did I interrupt you but you did know I had but I'll finish quickly but it was it was a weird thing where so that happened and then like Universal wanted a tarot card reader. So I worked at Universal but that preoccupied my time from Disney. It was just this weird thing where Then kind of fell apart Universe then the deals Universal Studios had a terror like yeah, they had a tent in Florida not here. Okay. So in Florida, they had like Sinbad's Adventureland. Yeah, and I used to work there right across from Harry Potter World. Yeah. It was really cool. Yeah, I yeah, so but the thing that was weird was that every time I tried to run from this there were all these things that were put in place that like kind of fell apart and then I would meet people and then I remember to cut a coven and leaving and I was like, you know what I tried witchcraft I tried doing this. I don't want to do it and like Universe kicked my ass. Yeah, and and or like I would do things where I would be so just gonna like be I'd be working at the Disney Store and then like there would be a little shop in the mall that sold titled Egyptian treasures and I'm like like the things pulling you back. Yeah. It's just weird weird things. So it kind of was that and I think When it came to Witchcraft and like actually doing this professionally, I used to just really stick to readings and more and more. It was kind of like this pull the dress. That's that's interesting because when I first started weirdly enough, I was all accepting that I was going to do mediumship and that I was going to talk to the dead for people and that was going to be my path and I was a medium and I knew I saw things in people, but I was like that I didn't really We take it here until this person asked I kind of I think I might have even read or someone told me they had an experience at a medium sauce and of them and I'm like, well I can do that but I don't know if I should so I said to the person it was a heavy medium. I did the person had taken their life that they want me to talk to but I said to her could I talk could I cut a look at you? And she was like, yeah. She was like, yeah do it like she was a hit damn and she was like look and see what you saw. So I started Telling her all this stuff about her and who she was and the path I saw her on and one of the other girls who knew this girl. I still know her she wrote. She was one of the first I did that to that was they were like friends and she wrote down all the notes of everything and back then I was really a lot slower at it and I went on probably over an hour and she I described this whole path and I didn't know how to tell the difference between present and future totally. Well, she's doing all the things I saw now. Like she's like I go back to those notes and like the stuff. You said I didn't get it. But this is how my life turned out like I'm doing all those things and I remember going like so I'm doing that too. I remember being horrified like you don't mind me seeing things about you because I've lost friends when I was younger people would come to me and they called me the vice person because I you know, I don't know what intuition meant right and I would say Dale is like a mother. She's like our advice person. She is a stuff and girls would come to me and say well I have this thing with my brother. A friend and I would start reading them. Well, that's because of this in your family and your mom did this and they were like, I just wanted to know who likes me and I lose friends, but you know what? Yeah, I in middle school and freshman of high school. I had girls I'd make little love potions for my girlfriends. Oh my gosh I'm saying I'd really like Dylan's under the bleachers giving girls. Do not tell people I saw things about death, but I did tell people things about their life. Yeah, and I learned so what I learned was if I be quiet, I actually started watching other people. I'm like, oh other people just talk about the weather and clothes and makeup and TV shows. So I'm going to do that from now on so I for a long time would just bullshit right things that were just everyday stuff. I said, oh this is what people do and then people became my friend so Flash Forward, Forward so now I'm embracing this thing and that's why I said to that person. So you want me to do this and they're like, yeah, and once that Floodgate up opened that's where life felt more sacrifice felt more sacrificed seeing into people than even mediumship because everyone's in pain and yet that's a or I should say. It's a different sacrifice because then people would become my friend and I've had people say you see too much into me. I don't like it and then stop talking to you. Absolutely and I didn't know how to like give people privacy at that time. And I think that's why I'm very strict about when people are like, oh I just feel things and I tell be of Mike. You can't just let it control you right you has I know I know that like if you're serious then you can't make it like well, I'm just special and things just happen to me. You have to say Okay. I have to be respectful of people and I wasn't doing it because I felt special. I really thought I was helping people. I really thought oh I'm making things better for them and they didn't ask for it. So I feel like there's steps to the Faces we've had to do you have to go through and I think another second level she's there's there's that spiritual sacrifice, you know, which we kind of talked about. What do you mean but like I kind of feel like I've made for me I've made like these deals with with some realm or like certain things where I'm petitioning. I'm asking for something in exchange for something else. You know, I'll see ya like I kind of liken in The Princess Frog. Yes. It's kind of like that or or we're just in a sense that you know, what like I remember early on one of the things that I wanted to like master was Taro. Okay, you know and I think I'm not going to say that I've mastered it, but I definitely am confident in my With tarot, but I think that there were definitely other things that that I wanted to accomplish and wanted to do and I think there was kind of like a little barter that I didn't matter. I I was not specific about my desires. So yes while I manifested and while I was able to master the sense of Taro, I think there were other things in my life that I probably could have put more emphasis on if that makes sense right you get you given you take and I think that like that's true and I see it in my life all the time. I'll be like, oh my God, and this is why I like talk about spellwork. Everything comes with a price. Yes. Okay. Yes, and and I've always said like I want to be a professional which I can honestly say that I'm there right but I do think that it's affected my romantic life. Oh no, and I never thought of that. No, I never thought of it in that way, of course, and and I think that it's and also another thing too that I found. And and you you guide me in this all the time is trading that line between and this goes probably to the next aspect of what we do client and friend. Yes. Okay. So I'm going to I was going to say I was going to say there's another aspect. I learned a very very very hard way that I'm became very close to someone who started off as a client and we became really close friends and I kind of almost became like they're on call reader mmm because they did Some kind things for me. So I'm like, oh, well, I have to like I'm not worthy of whatever they're doing for me. So I'm going to have to like this is way back beginning of the of my path. I'm going to have to like, you know, just be on call for them all the time and I learned a very hard way when this friendship ended and I said, you know, I've learned a lesson I can't do this anymore. I can't be an on-call reader for people and because you've actually now told me how much you Like me are you've been resentful because you wanted to be me and do what I do and stuff and other things so I kind of learned that I made a mistake and she said oh no, but that you can still do. She like trashed me and our friendship but was like, but wait a minute, but that don't stop doing. Yeah, and I was like, wow, I thought and I think the other sacrifices that you think you're being liked for who you are and it's more for what you do what you can do and so so I will say that I think you know and like you said you've mastered I feel like I've Master quite a bit mediumship and and my sight, you know, psychic and intuition and stuff, but I do feel like, you know, obviously Always growing and evolving but I think on the flip side, what we've come to is said, you know, okay, we're getting it and we're learning that but we're not going to give up this because of the other aspects absolute. But if you're going to go down this path seriously and this is what this podcast is about. You have to know I used to say it was almost like every six months the universe would kick my ass. Yes, and then it starts I started saying yes and shortening. Yeah and fucking shortening and then some sometimes I think like I'm getting a major ass-kicking now and I know there's a lesson from it somewhere right and I think it's trying to its positioning is positioning me. It's saying you've gotten rid of all this stuff. Now you need this one last right one last kick, but I will say to you know, in terms of being the on-call psychic and stuff like that. I definitely deal with that. Another thing that I would say a sacrifice that I you know, is that Bing I constantly have to battle between my fight is Eagle the truth and and saying what I what is coming to me right Bing believed and the not sacrifice but I think our biggest burden is that we are not here to make you happy. That's right. And that sucks and that's hard that's hard. The other thing too is I could even say that because there's because we want people to be happy we are How we have to help and be honest, sometimes helping is showing the truth of the light, right and we've got for ya other. Yeah, we done that bitch other. We've also not seen it and it right. Okay that's in the face right now. It's things like that and I'm just going to go I'm going to do a side note because there's a myth in mythology. That's following me and it's Cassandra and Apollo. So Apollo is a God of Light. He's also the God of Prophecy, right? He falls in love with one of his priestesses and he is Like he's in love with her and he was like Cassandra. I will give you anything if you just like be with me, right so she goes I want to know what's up, right? So he gives her the gift of Prophecy. Okay, and she re nagus on on being with him, right, you know and he can't take the gifts back but he curses her so that anything she says she will not be believed and it's so funny because like it's a wonderful like the lesson of this well, Me the lesson of the story is stick to your promise, you know, ah and and but I also think that if you pull it on a spiritual path, I think I get that all the time. I think I'm constantly playing that game of like there are times where we don't want to do something or we end and there's a cause and effect to everything that we do in the spiritual realm in life in general. I can't tell you how many times I have like, I feel like in readings I've I've stood stunned. I have stood by my ground and I've said you know what? I'm not feeling this. I'm not feeling that this person reciprocates your affections. I'm not feeling that right going to go to New York and be a star right what ends up happening though. Yeah is that there will be people who and and this was more early on in my readings people will be like, oh, well, that's not true. Because I I've I've already bought the plane tickets to New York. He texted me back saying that we're going to meet on this day, right? So what will happen is that I'd second-guess my reading and I'll say how you know what actually I think that there is potential, you know, maybe maybe you can to make it whether they want and then what happened bite you in the ass if I swim in the ass because he will be like, well Dylan, you said that there was potential in whatever so then I'd have to be like, you know what I really like about the original I would say like one of the biggest lessons I learned in this this is very true and mediumship. Was in mediumship, I'll tell somebody something that sometimes people don't remember because when people are listening when people are in that space and they want to hear from that person their focus on what they want to hear from that person and sometimes that spirit is like no no, but I need you to hear this and so the person or and I'll have to say listen. I'm just going to tell you what I'm hearing because that's my job. And if I sound dumb I sound dumb I just can't yeah it took me a lot of you. To give up if I'm right or wrong and looking good or bad and most of the times since I did I most of the year, you know, because I've been doing that way for years it always turns out someone emails me or they like sit in the real like oh my God, I completely forgot. I do have that heart, you know Stone sitting right here next to me. I just was so focused on this other thing or most of the time when I stay legit and honest to the spirit and honest to the message, I'll get the the verification absolute and the same with intuitive stuff. I've had to tell people like this is just what I see. I'm not going to change it to make it fit. So it is get the sacrifice you give up is your ego of going like you may not always be revered you may not always look at is like you're amazing. I've had people think the reading is amazing and then still not sure about something and then have to let it go and then yeah they do email and they like, you know, but you if you're holding onto every person thinking you're the best and then I've had Tell people stuff that they're like, I really didn't think I was going to hear that. You know, I thought that they were going to be more excited about something. You know this I thought the spirit was going to be excited about right. So it's you do have to sacrifice like it's not about being liked and loved and it's not about how great you are and if you are a model performance not a performance. I always say that yes, I'm not a performer ritual is performance. Yeah. Another thing that you I can't tell you like I can control. You know reading a scenario will not a scenario, but I can control the format of reading but I've been in scenarios where people have come in for relationships. Yeah, and it goes be like I'll be like, you know what this is what you are. I think of your business your other leg over your purse right right for you even touch on a relationship and they'll be like so like two to three weeks and I'm like hmm. No, well, I so I feel so I want to touch on this before we end Dylan. Yeah that what so I want people to be encouraged. I feel like we want people to Encourage the we're not trying to scare you into this path. We're trying to say if you're going to walk down it into something you're serious about then if things go a little wonky and you're like, oh, wow, I opened up myself and I've had this Awakening and I'm doing the spiritual path. Why do I feel like I'm being challenged it is like going across T school. You're being yeah muscles being pushed. You want this right when I feel like the universe is always like dude. Are you sure? Yeah. I'll be all cool. Then yeah, it's come and I'd be like here's an it and now it's like all the time but I'm in the say like the one thing we want to touch on is we've gotten a lot of like you shouldn't charge if you're doing this and I've had people say this and I've always said like it's not like a bullshit thing to say money's energy. It's just this is a setup. We're not Kumbaya Society. We're not like Austin and I'm looking for like I'm in I'm in help. Hey your hair work, right and it's like it's a service we're doing and its energy we put in if you feel Justified like I've gone to hairdressers that are terrible and so don't tell me oh well they've been trained and they've gone to school yeah but I've also gotten a horrible service on a horrible service and ethics is ethic so if someone's being ethical they're being ethical gouging is not okay of course people are just gal judging you of course and taking a victim of a thing that I will say too you also not you but you the listeners people have to keep in mind that what we've done what we do our profession one is not new it's been around since the dawn of time right and the other thing too is that back in the day no we're not back in the day we have to live up to the time's right but back in the day what we did we were cared for by our community right you know this mediumship Spirit work witchcraft has always been a profession Always so whether you were saying we're not no, we're not saying I mean you can but listen, I want a baby go. So I will give you a reading for a baby goat. It's like, can you give me a reading and I'll give you milk because we're not that's why I meant we're not in a time. We would love to get to a higher conscious time, but we are still set up with brick and mortar and Banks and things and grow until that is different. Yeah, and I don't don't think it's fair when people say this because it's a spiritual thing and I just have to say this real quick. It is coming from a religious place when people say that that's when religion has taught you that anything special quote-unquote what they deem a special or magical or anything that is spiritual is should be free should be you should just like give it you know, God has given this to you. And by the way, they are asking for their Community to like me. Either Bell and that's not what we're doing. We're like, here's what you asked for. We're asking for an exchange that is it the consultation good. You got it below your life, but I belong to a church and it was like Oh, no, you're responsible for the lights and the water and my car and my house and because I came here and speak to you. So I feel like it's an even exchange. I know that remember I told you this place I know in in Utah they used to do with the readers. They would hand when people would pop by a reading they would give a token. Client a coin because they believed in that coin and I believe and I've and that's how it was Henny you get out there were things that you you would give like a reader. So like you would climb this mountain and you would bring them ago. You would bring them food. You would bring them an offering and a coin right now so that they're there it is an exchange. It's just like say just so I've done readings were someone I've gone I go. a lot of times in my readings I've done trades I've done and I've done things where people I feel like you know what you've been so positive to me to this reading you've been so giving of your energy and that's an exchange rights like it's not just about finances I've had people say like oh my gosh thank you send me an email positive like oh just the fact that you're like trying to lift my spirit to keep me going on this path we've already exchanged I've done this many many times I've had I mean the majority of my tattoos I've not paid for if people have been like art I want to give you this people are we're not talking this about the money or not money we're going to give you our PayPal account yes we're not talking what we're saying is that there's an energy exchange I have said I truly believe this a hundred percent that were all providing something for each other on this Earth it's true I go get my nails done I'm like thank you guys for being and I've had people say it Fabulous by the way you at nail salon? Say you're so nice to us. You're so kind to us and I go because you've provided an energy refreshed for me. Yeah, and you've been so cool giving me that energy. This is my way of giving an energy back. Yeah, so I being kind and paying them. It's right. It's not just about those things. Yeah thing else doing I think just going on the sacrifice thing is that you know, there are pieces of yourself that oh that one of the biggest sacrifice normalcy not that I've ever I've wanted to be normal. No hell. No, but I do you think I'm obsessed with the show the office. I'm obsessed with it because it's like people who live in Midwest. Yeah go to their job. It's true have a cup of coffee. Also. I've become the most normal for cestius person in the world because I know what it's like and I know the realm so like I love when you're like other bunch of Ravens in this area and I was like no Adela these Ravens are for me, right? You know, but I mean it is weird because they're getting I'm not a weirdly close I would It's feeding Ravens. I mean I and also give them unsalted peanuts and they love me. I think I have a crew but I know what you're saying when your quote not normal in any way. Yes at all. When you're when you're putting a chain up around a hot butt around electric. Yeah, it was because you're going nailing a change of your like this keeps the spirits or how about when you go to count change and salt is coming out of your pocket because you've just thrown salt not that happen today, but it did. Because you've literally put a shit ton of salt in your pocket for protection. Yes, you know about when I'm doing a reading and I'm laughing because the spirits like making fun of me and I don't know how to explain that. Yeah, the person like your friend just made for women Stones Fall Out of random places or actually the one that was kind of not gross but it's weird. So I had a bay leaf in my wallet for money but like this bay leaf has past his Prime and it was oh really, so I was giving change and there was a screw Old Bay Leaf passes Prime and I just remember it was the one time that I was like I'm gonna treat this boy to coffee it's on me and I opened it and it was like Dustin was all disgusting and he was like what is that and I'm like yeah so yeah so yeah so it's that no it is it is an interesting life I will say real quick before we wrap up I when I used to take lifts a lot I actually used to tell the Lyft drivers what I do because I it was like my stance of like I'm never going to hide myself again and pretty much 99.5 I gave readings did I get on the single lift children and they would go oh my God you serious and I and I would do it and I would be like you know I could have just sat here like most people listening but because you know I didn't want to cut this person out I you know I tell them what I do and sometimes it's come back and yeah so it's not a normal life I've clients that repetitive clients that were my left Ivers yeah lips her Uber yeah and and and I think that's part of the sacrifice of saying we're going to be of service and part of it was because like I'm not going to hide myself anymore absolutely but anyway all right Dillon so we have a few announcements we want to announce that we are doing a meet-and-greet on next Saturday the 14th 14th from 7 to 9 I will say I've talked to him I just want to add this as a 21 year and year up because they're serving wine and it has to be 21 kiddos sorry so nobody under 21 can't come sorry about that and if you come we're doing 10 minute like $20 readings real quick we're not going to read the whole time Dylan has some specials on his website you should check out on his Instagram I have some specials on mine I'm doing an online class you can check out on Gala is finally going to teach me how to do an online class Dylan's been running crazy moving and stuff I think he's a bitch y'all get he's going to get settled yeah and and and so you should check that out and then come to the black sheep Gallery March 14 Gallery March 14th just it's free to come and meet us and hang out if you want to reading we're doing mini reading we're doing mini readings that part isn't free but it's pretty cheap and pretty reasonable and it is going to be first come first serve who signs up on a sign up sheet or not doing them all night or anything because it's only a two-hour event we want to be able to talk and meet people and and so yeah check us out for any other updates go to Instagram Mystic Dylan official and a day Lovin on Instagram and the witch and the medium Instagram we have some new t-shirts coming out so look for that brand are Super Bowl by and designed by well printed by pretty cult and so that's exciting so yeah just keep up with us to know what's going on and don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel that's right son bribe to our YouTube channel go medium apple right I did use and review our views and it's been some really cool it's so fun to hear back from you guys we love hearing you so Dylan have a magical day and a day long I don't like to say goodbye to see you soon you can follow us at the witch and the medium on Instagram and Mystic Dylan official on Instagram and add a Lovin on Instagram and follow And subscribe at our YouTube channel the which in the me medium theme music written and composed by Margaret Lane and Taylor Lane you can follow her at Margaret Lane music on Instagram and please give us a rating and a little star on iPod and share your reviews we love hearing from you see you soon