Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental health field. I'm working on the health clinic that intake coordinator. That's not what I want to do right now. But you know, we're not there yet. Exactly girl and I'm working on my future and getting to where I need to be but for now I work in that's good and I am Duty I'm a student and that's pretty much. If you know school is late just like so basically we're not there yet is based off of the idea that we are necessarily not there yet. You know, I'm pretty sure a lot of people can relate to that aspect in that concept where we're all kind of learning on finding out who we are as individuals, especially like our ages like I'm 22, Dirty, I'm 30 and I'm 26, Joe exactly. So it's like we all we all different ages and we all kind of all go through similar things no matter our age difference and we want this podcast to be more about like empowering people. Yeah, and like kind of just helping others feel the way that we like. Oh God. It's kind of like just making sure that we're letting others know that you're not alone and you're not the only way that You're not the only person that feels that way. I'm especially about not being there yet. Like a lot of us have a lot of goals and a lot of things that we want to accomplish and we feel like we have to do them in a certain time or just have this thing in our head these expectations that sometimes are not realistic because life happens and things get in the way. So there's so much things that become obstacles that we Kind of just try to I don't know like we let them get in the way of us going to where we want to be. So we just wanted to touch base on some of these things because we know that a lot of people go through things but a lot of people don't want to like reach out to other people because they feel like they don't want to be a burden or they just feel really alone and they think that they're the only one's going through it, but it's not really like that not being there yet is definitely a constant thing is a constant reminder for like a lot of us, especially because family plays a role in it and our friends are doing other things that we want to do or they might accomplish goals before we do and we're just like comparing ourselves and that is definitely not the I just think that we should be doing because that's when we kind of hide our true power and our true selves and we don't see our blessings. So I feel like as long as your as long as you keep going and you keep motivating yourself you're going to get to where you need to be exactly and I feel as though like a lot of people like self-reflect a little differently next don't like me. For example, like I like to listen to a podcast. Before going to work. I like to self-reflect on my way there like especially if I woke up and like a weird mood. I want to hear what I am feeling that day, you know, like myself doubt my anxiety and my depression or likes things like that, you know, like there's days where I wake up and I'm just upset and I don't know really know why and it's sometimes like I just need to listen to somebody kind of just say what I'm feeling and the kind of relate to me and just make me feel like I'm not alone and that's mainly what I want like us to kind of focus on is like Letting other people know that you're not alone and there's more to it and there's more to why you feel that way, you know, definitely and I definitely think like to I feel like people are always going off of another person's timeline like yeah this person this person did this by this stage. So I'm this age. So why haven't I gotten their like you should never go off on another person's timeline because their circumstances are never going to be the same as yours, and I also and I also Seems like it's hard when you already have an expectation of what your life is or you've been thinking about your life like Oh by 25 like I'm gonna be married. I'm gonna have kids I'm gonna have my own house and to be honest like in this economy financially, that's girl. Like their bachelor's or Masters and it's still hard out here to get a job to get a well-paying job because I don't know what it is. But I feel like now people are just not paying what they're supposed to even if you have a master's level. It's still hard to find a job a good paying job. Then you're you know, you're qualified for they're just not willing to pay you what you're qualified for. Yeah, so it's like we have people like I feel like our generation. We're leaving home way later than yeah people or we leave home. Home and then we find out. Oh, we can't afford it. We have to we have to go back. Yeah, definitely. I can perfectly fine because to be honest. That's just how that's just how the economy financially is working right now that it's like you have to go back home so that you can get more money save more money. So then then you could be more financially independent, but that takes a lot out of your like I feel like your self-esteem and your ego to have to always Like have your parents as your backup because like I feel like us three were very like very independent and we're very much like no I can do it by myself. Yeah, so it's like we don't want to ask for help and don't we feel then you feel like you're literally just like a burden you're like, oh my God. I'm like, it's like embarrassing but it's like but it's like your pride is but it's like sinking you into this cold like and you just you just need to ask for help. Well, I feel like especially this year. I have actually learned how to receive help people have been trying to help me for years and I just thought like why are they trying to help me? Like, I don't want to seem like I have a crutch or like if a person that needs the help I can do this by myself, but at the end of the day, we need to realize as human beings. You really need each other to survive. Like it's not only about like moving out or being independent. It's also about growing the only way that you grow is by other people like having an input in your growth. Obviously, you're not going to take everybody's advice because some people do limit themselves and I feel like that come to make you from your growth, but definitely if you see somebody and they're trying to give you advice the first thing that I would say is definitely look at their Life if their life is an example of what you want to Aspire to then you can definitely take their like their advice. But if it's like nothing close to what you're you have in your mind of your goals or anything, I think like maybe just listen to the advice take the good but not take all that's what I was saying and like set your own personal goals aside from it as well. Like goals are so important to set in especially if you want to get With certain aspects in your life that you want to get to a certain point in your life where it's like, okay, I've accomplished all these goals. Like am I ready to just go to where I need to be am I going the right way am I going the right path? And then that also goes into like the whole thing of motivation and burnout and just feeling like no matter what you do. It's like you feel like you're not doing enough and like you feel like you're not getting anywhere. It's like have you ever done like a like jogging in place or like running in place? Yeah, it's me. Like that. Yeah that even though you're out of breath sweating and you feel like you're not getting anywhere. You're actually doing a lot. I never thought I would like yeah you're doing and that's just another thing to like mindset is so important that your mindset you are what you think like if you think Going to lead that's what you're going to trap you. And that's what you're going to become is just negative. If you think positive you're going to attract positivity. It's like the whole aspect of manifestation and just like like speak what you want into existence and work towards that you can also like wait for it to come to you got the work towards it but it's just like I sometimes you just feel like we're not doing it no matter what you're doing like me. For example, I'm just an example. Yeah, go ahead. Like right now I'm working so hard. So hard to attend physician assistant school, like I'm really really hoping to get to it and also at the same time. I'm trying to work full-time and maintain my apartment and maintain like obviously myself and you know, it's like I'm going to school full-time I work full-time and then I also have my side business, you know with helping other people with their mental health and like sometimes I don't feel like I'm at my best with my mental health. So I'm like damn how am I going to help other people if I'm not even on my best I'm supposed to be some sort of example when it comes to You know that portion and it's like, you know, I do that as well and then it's like I'm doing all these things aside from you know, just trying to elevate myself Elevate where I want to be in life and it's like damn I'm doing all this thing all these things and it's like I feel like I'm just not moving. Yeah, like I'm just there I'm juggling all these different things all these responsibilities and like aside from even taking care of myself. I will whole relationship to cater to and it's like, you know, Sometimes I'm just tired like I literally feel like you know how sometimes you be like damn. I just put gas in my car on Monday. Yeah, and it's Wednesday and I'm already on E and I'm like damn what the hell happened to you. How did I get there? I got it. I know it's like I'm running on E A lot of the times they damn like I do so much but it's like sometimes it's just but at least you know, there's an angle because I feel like sometimes people they have the busiest schedule ever and it's just to fill up space. Exactly. It's just the Philip space. Like they're not going anywhere and they don't have a bull they don't have that. They don't have a end picture in their head. They're just making plans to Philips pick me out because they actually don't know what they're doing with their life. And you know what that's actually not a bad thing because I feel like as long as you keep moving you'll find where you need to be and going back to you feeling like you're on E. I feel like a lot of the times we think that we need to be. This perfect person or we think that we need to be like always on point to be able to help people and to be able to cater to other people but at the end of the day, we're just humans and we're trying to make it and we're trying to let you know just live this life that we have and that were blessed with but you know, sometimes you do get tired. So that's where self care comes in and that's where you have to like take a breather like not so much check off the to-do list, but if you have to skip a Two things so you could take a nap or for you to watch some Netflix or whatever it is do it because at the end of the day, if you're burnt out then you can't really do much and you're not going to give it your all so that's what really matters that you're giving it your all when you're trying to do something even if you're tired and there should always be like self like self-love like in your to-do list. I feel like we forget to do that a lot. Yeah, that's self-love like If it's just taking a shower at a certain time of the day or like, you know, making a face mask and just sitting find that Foundation. And I am doing for lunch. Like I'm being conscious of my time like instead of giving something up this year. What I'm doing is just being mindful of my time where I put it because just like Josephine said like a lot of the times I do find myself looking at my planner and I'm like, wow, I'm doing so many things and I'm catering to so many people but what am I doing for myself? How am I gonna fill up my cup? Like, I can't give what I don't have. And that is something that has been going on for like my whole life because I love to help people. I love to be there for people but then I don't think about myself and I'm like I'm giving people all this advice but I need to take it to like, you know, you have to definitely him. There's a quote Practice What You Preach so I need to do that and I believe that this is the time so that's something that I'm working on. Yes. Yeah. Yes, because we got sticky Eric, you know, like there's so many things that like we kind of set aside because we don't we don't feel like there's enough time to do it. Like you literally can be sitting on the couch for 20 minutes 30 minutes and you could have been doing you know so much to just cater yourself whether it's even if it's just sitting on the couch. Yeah, 10 20 minutes. You can cater to yourself even doing that like you'll today I left work early. I was so tired. I I was so tired and my supervisor was like well, you know, you've been using your sick time and I adore you but you know like you I don't want you to die. You going to make up the I'm like yo, didn't I just say I'm going to make up the hours. I'm tired. I'm going home. I went home and I knocked out for like four hours. I was so exhausted and it's just like even things like that like yet don't be afraid to just miss a day of work to cater to yourself. Whether it's planning your day off planning your week out taking care of things. Would that you weren't able to take care of that day or prior? You know, like I've done that before I left work and I called out to just kick it on myself and just make sure that I have my life in order to continue to be the best that I can every day. You know. Yeah. I feel like we live in a society where we feel guilty if we do stuff for ourselves because there's so much pressure of us to be on point and do what we need to do for so many other people and that's something that is too much and it brings Us to a state of being like overwhelmed and feeling like we are kind of stuck even though we're moving and just it's too much time on other people. I think like definitely focusing on yourself is a big one that we as us three should definitely to I don't know if everybody else that's listening feels the same way. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum leadership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. But that's definitely something that is needed. Yeah, and you know what else to it's like the type of family that we come from the Hispanic family culture. Yeah. Yeah, we weren't so much pressure pressure until like the younger Generations because they want them to live up to what they were unable to walk. You know, like especially I'm a first generation in my family to go to all of us. Oh, yeah like first to go to college and like yeah, you know like my arms. And well, what are you going to gradually like? Yeah. When are you gonna finally, you know me like to take care of me. I literally like I can't even take care of myself the other day. She was like, oh, when are you gonna get a better job like and make more money so that like you can start taking care of me and I'm just like so like when I started when I started this job I came from from working in a bank and it was literally like it. Was just it wasn't my field. I didn't like it and I kind of like took this job knowing that I would take a pay cut because I wanted to take like to have the experience because sometimes I feel like that that was kind of like it was a good decision because now I've gained the experience in the mental health field like working there for a year. Like I have so much experience in this field and now I can move on to better things and grow but it's like I feel like in our culture. It's like now now now now now Laughter have to have the good job. Now. You have to have the paycheck and we had to have the house now. So it's like no it's a process like and I feel like our parents don't get that like nowadays. Like it's a struggle like you have to have that experience. You have to have connections. You have to have everything before you can actually like progress and they if they don't see that they I feel like they kind of get like scared like, oh, why don't you like you went to college? Why aren't you like this big person? Finally? Like you should be taking care of me already and I'm like and that just adds more pressure The more stress. Yeah and more stress because then because then you start thinking like, oh wow like they're right like why I graduated college like why don't I have a better paying job? Why am I struggling right now? Like clearly this isn't what I pictured for myself. So maybe they're right. Maybe I do need to like start. Maybe I need to quit my job. Yeah. I don't start working at McDonald's. I hear they're pink. Just saying I don't know why 16 volts and that's drivers are getting paid 20. Yo working in the pharmacy. I was making like 60 or something and yo, oh my God my job. They had a we had like a meeting with these like big corporate people and even the the people in the big like corporate there was two of them like the CEO and the CEO and they said like oh, no, what is it? We don't know what it's okay. It's okay. It's the difference between a sea Ito and its CEO. What is it also means chief executive officer while CEO means chief operations officer. Look at that cancels any fika, I mean Michaels. So basically there were saying there were like, oh, we know that there's jobs out there that pay more than you guys are like that you guys are getting paid right now. Oh we heard like and she said she's like, oh, I think I saw the other day that like McDonald's people are getting paid like 16 17 hour and then one of the people were like don't say that we're all gonna leave me. Why would you even say that? How can I help you today? I feel like a lot of the people around us. At least they think that job title gives you like. I don't know entitlement or that it makes you better than anybody but I think it's just your personality your who you are as a person if you help people if you do it from the heart because you can do so much good but just do it because other people are watching everything has to be like natural not force things like that. There's just a lot in our culture in our day-to-day like by the way, we're all Dominican. Our parents were born in Dominican Republic. They migrated here how many years they have here. We don't know but we're all first generation. Josephine is my cousin and sweetie is my niece. So we're all family. That's something that we definitely want you guys to know and yeah, we're just trying to make a you know, we're not there yet. We're just trying to make it about to get up brother. Donald honestly, honestly for real fur on a hundred and I'm looking our parents are going to be like, why are you working at McDonald's? What are you doing man? You can be a part time. Do you want this with chicken or not a serious? Yo, honestly, that's another thing too like Because you're not working in your Fields. I feel like you know that that's something that's pretty big like you feel like you're just setting yourself back like not working in your field. Like I'm studying medicine. I'm not working in medicine right now because of the whole money aspect like if I don't have my masters in my bachelors, I'm not making any money inside, you know, like they want psychology. That's definitely that's why I switched so far. So I'm Joe. I'm I got my bachelor's in psychology and then though T also Her bachelor's in psychology. And so I work like it's it's true. Like I worked like I said, I work in a bank for two years and it was like the hardest part of working. There is none that I shouldn't be there. Yeah, like I went to school. I worked my butt off to work helping people. That's the only reason why I went into psychology is to do something where I was hoping people and then working in a bank. Think that's like the complete opposite. I feel like of helping people because it's it's money-hungry working in a bank as money-hungry. If you really you're working for a corporation that wants to take your money and like that's the complete opposite of working in the mental health field where you're literally like right now, I work for a non-profit. I work front which is why I'm not getting paid as much as money because I work for a non-profit and it's focused on helping people that have mental disabilities. He's so that was the hardest part for me is like I went to school literally for like six years because it's a few forever because I kept girl you and me I can see what you schools. Like. This is very like I was like, I don't like this one. But yeah, so that was the hardest thing because it's like you go to school and you work your butt off to be in your field. Yeah. Not to come out and be like, oh, well, I guess I'm going to have to do this because it pays more in my field. It doesn't really pay a lot until I have to go back to school and earn another degree, but I feel like at the end of the day like if you're passionate about something you're going to get to where you need to be like that. That's what it is. Like even if even if you start off like where you're not supposed to be if you have your mind set on no, this is where I'm going to get at. This is what I worked. Hard for you're going to get there. Yeah. Okay, like I work right now. I'm a student. I'm trying to become a physician assistant and I work with student loans. That's the complete opposite like that is the complete opposite and you know, that's where my business came into play. You know, like yeah, like it was more of a motivation of helping other people and but it was also catering to the fact that I want to help others and I want that to be a main, you know motivation for me like to just keep going Going for it, you know like I want to help other people. I want to show them their potential and I want to make sure that they get to where they want to because I'm trying to get there to you know, like if I can do that for you do that for me by me helping you're doing something for me, you know, like you're helping me get to where I want to be in my meant like my mental health state in your mental health State and mighty path towards medicine, you know. Yeah, I think is all about planting a seed especially with people around us like our conversations. They have to be mindful. They have to be good. Like you don't want to just be like or you don't want to at all because gossiping all the time or just having conversations that don't lead to where you want to be. I feel like how Josephine said like there's times in our life where we do something like for example, I went to school for psychology and somehow I ended up being a massage therapist, but at the beginning of my schooling, I knew I wanted to help people. And I feel like that's something that we all have in common here. Like we definitely want to help people because we know how it is to struggle and not to have the resources that you need, especially coming from immigrant parents that they didn't really understand the language of anything. Like they didn't even understand English. My mom still doesn't speak English. So I speak to her in Spanish and we're all bilingual but just having that hazard. I've grown I feel like that helps us to get to where we need to be like that will motivate us to get to I mean to help us get to where we need to be because it's just we've been struggling since we were little we had to translate to our parents what the teacher was trying to say things like that. So we've been helping people since we were young and I feel like that kind of shaped us to be the women that we are. Today and I feel like whatever field were in whatever we're doing. We're going to help people no matter what and that's just part of us. So I think that's going to help us grow and lead us to where we have to you know, so like for the most part like we all came from like single moms. Yeah, pretty much single moms. Like we had to like yes, our our dads were in the picture, but we only live with our mom Then we saw them struggle. We saw them like half having to work two jobs. Like I remember my mom like when I was little she would go to work in the morning. I like five o'clock in the morning which she still doing and then she would come home at like 3:00 and then she would have to take English classes and Northern Essex was when I was like 12 and she would do that until she did it and she got hers for her certificate and then I just watched her do so much. And like it's empowering and at the same time it's like it's like I don't want to like struggling. Yeah, I don't want to stroll like I want better and I want to help her and yeah, that's like your biggest motivations. Probably just hoping like even though they say, oh gonna do no buckwheat I when are you going to take care of your thumb? Like that's kind of like a biggest motivation because our parents like our moms, especially They gave us life, like even like I can only imagine especially being an adult now and knowing how hard it is to provide for yourself. I can only imagine how it was to provide for myself and my siblings like especially my mom. My mom had three kids. My mom is older than your then you guys is mom so she wasn't able to really do any schooling. She stopped going to school at a the young age even in Dominican Republic. She stopped going to school at a young age. So for her to see her kids graduate at least from high school that was like the biggest blessing for her. So imagine if we can provide for our moms or just help them in a way that they can be comfortable in their old age. That will be the biggest blessing that we can give them. So like on that note. I hope that like literally this kind of portrayed what we're all about. Like what we want this podcast to be about, you know, like we're all just trying to be better. We're all still trying to grow. So it's like, you know, there's more things that we want to talk about and there's more things that we want to go into depth and you know, like this one specifically is just mainly about self development and just introducing who we are and like what we want to represent. Definitely. We're all still growing and we're also trying to go to where we want to be in life, you know, not everybody's perfect. We're not perfect. So it's kind of like we're all just on Trying to get there. So with that said we're not there yet. Nope. Yes girl. Alright guys, we'll see you in the next episode, and we will be uploading every single Saturday. So every Saturday, you'll see a new podcast uploading, so please listen and continue to listen and see what our next topic is going to be about. We appreciate you guys. Thank you.