Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking. Out reaching the center truth leads all things to itself and that is a manly Hall video. Actually, we're drawing from a manly Hall video. It's a lot it's a lecture, but it's a video that that Chris put up on manly Hall society, which he runs very diligently and doesn't fantastic job with and some of the best manly Hall lectures that you're going to hear online are at manly Hall Society. So just look up manly Hall Society on YouTube and you will find Excellent high quality well engineered audio and so on without we don't have commercials on any other things. So it's just, you know, it's just a really fantastic resource. And so many people are trying to you know, cut their own commercials into staff for their you know, ripping off audio from this and that person and stuff. You've got really nice clean audio and it's you know, it's beautifully presented and so on and so manly Hall society and you put it you're putting up videos. What's that every once every couple weeks or once every week or what are you doing right now? Yeah, couple months. Yeah. Okay, and you got a nice following on there. So I did this one has a transcript as well. There's that's right. Thank you Instagram, which not during any of them do and that's it made me hold on calm. It would see the most recent blog post and it's got a link to the video embedded video, but it has the full text of this what hour and 20 minutes lecture the exit really? He stood out as being interesting enough to resist. We're going to spend an hour covering do a full shell on down but listen to that as well and or follow along with the the transcript. So it's a lot of ways to get to the original text because that's that's certainly important, but we're going to take a look at it could because we've already taken a listen to it and we're going to talk about it. Perfect. Perfect. So we're all were running on all cylinders here. Yeah the right direction. Yeah, so reaching the center truth leads all things to itself the title of this one. So we'll just start out. Oh actually, let me let me thank everyone and you always need to do my my preface and say thank you everyone who's listening and thank you for all of our supporters who are supporting the show. We really do appreciate you guys. God bless you all and if you would care are to contribute to the show you can do so at anchored at FM / Cosmic I and you can make a small donation every little bit helps and you can even offer just like 99 cents a month if that's all you can afford but know that it goes to a good cause keeping the show on and you know, trying to get out to more people these positive spiritual messages esoteric studies and so on that Chris and I are doing a couple times a week now, we've also got the Emma Fox show that you can listen to on Friday. So, you know, we're just trying to spread Spread the good news the gospel as they say the good spell as that word that word comes from innocent not a new particular Creed or particular religion, but just the good news from all from all spiritual Traditions. So check us out and share with your friends if you like what we're doing. All right, so we'll start then with this manly Hall lecture. We'll talk a little bit about we'll just kind of we're just going to follow through mainly through the first half of the lecture and we'll get into some of the points at the end and stuff but one of the really cool Features in this one is that he talks a lot about martial arts. And of course, as you know who have listened to the other shows and stuff, you know, I love martial arts and have been participating in boxing martial arts. And and so on for most of my life I teach Filipino martial arts as well. And you know, so this is a this is a subject that's close to my heart. So what we're going to look at then is some of the sort of spiritual Dimensions the philosophical dimensions and martial arts. Manly Hall was Way ahead of his time in this lecture was like, I think this one came out in November 11. 1962. All right. Yes, so you got to remember this is before Bruce Lee. This is before all of the you know, the the well-known martial artists in the west. And before there was a Taekwondo school on every corner. And before there were eight million martial arts movies all over the place and before MMA and before all of that so, you know, he's really kind of introducing some of these ideas. There was a lot of misunderstandings about what martial arts were and so forth and he was helping to really kind of clarify the purpose of martial arts and particularly in Judo. So we'll talk about that in a moment. But but it was what it was way ahead of his time on this one. I was I was quite impressed with it. So the first thing that he really talked about it was kind of conceptualize as he talked about how we we in the west are really focused on external life. As opposed to you know, most people in the East and India and Asia and so on it's a little different different attitude towards life there. It's a little more inner directed one might call it a little more introspective or you know, this this type of thing. So it's kind of an inward, you know inward Focus life. That's definitely more prevalent in these than it is in the west and we in the west of course live this like you said an external life, so he felt that and he shared this idea that you know, Martial arts was one of the ways that people could kind of get in touch with this. This is one of maybe the the Eastern ideas that he felt like got to the United States and got to the West that was a was a value was a valuable contribution as long as it was adapted to our to our lifestyle. He did make that point. So basically he mentions in the beginning and then I'm going to hand over to you. He mentions the beginning of this need to develop a sense of quiet a sense of going within and you know, that's where he really contrast that with, you know, our external form of life that we live and I'm by external life. I mean, you know, we in the west we tend to tend to look outside of ourselves for most of our direction for most of our entertainment for most of our You know sort of just day-to-day experiences and you know, that would be our work life or social life school, you know family life all the stuff that's going on the busyness the day-to-day busyness of life. Right? And he really was stressing this idea of developing a sense of quiet and going within yourself to develop a calm Center. That's what he's talking about reaching the center develop a calm Center so that you know, even if you are moving through that external life you're doing it with a sense of Internal sort of peace and and solidity in a sense do on a follow-up on that be sure the this structure of this lecture is almost like in three acts, you know, he said something this this idea of quietude he calls it even goes on to call it being constructively quiet the ears on that score. Not that you're just calming the stress and you're kind of getting to see level you're getting to ground. And you know Point level it's actually even more than that, either. You're so quiet or that's in this Stillness. It's actually doing good for you. Not just calming the storm. You're actually being productive or he says constructive constructively quite destructive. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great that's a great thing. You know, he's a big thing and he does make a really good point about the west and the busyness and makes a crack about some manager at a firm. I guess reprimanded by the superintendent says you know, what's with these people they you know, they don't look like they're doing anything. This is terrible and he goes, well actually we're more productive we've ever been he goes. Well, we'll make them look busy. Like it said, you know, there has to be this so some missing element of stress, you know wipe your brow earlier try to look more into durable more stress, you know, and that's the thing. Well, it's yeah, what's the bumper sticker? You know, Jesus is coming look busy. Let's yeah. Well it's funny because you know often times you do see that in businesses and you know, I were to place it works and you know at a business to business website back in the too early 2000s and you know that that the time, you know at that time it was like this really go go, you know kind of ideal of like, you know, just working so many hours and all this stuff and being a people would be at work for you know, and 12 hours a day and stuff and then you know, you really kind of watch though what people are doing and you see like how much wasted time there as it's like people are kind of, you know, the showing up super early and going to bed, you know going home super late, but like your look at the levels of productivity and you know, most likely you probably could have done all that work and you know, three and a half hours if you were more focused let's say but you know it but there's this idea that you're trying to you know, you're really looking busy and you're really You know, you really working hard and this and that and I think that's what he's getting out when he's talking about going to the center because you're so much more efficient. When you working with that Center of quietude, then you are when you're when you're you know, you're you're like that you've created like a calm within the storm in a sense, you know, it's like this this inner sort of calm that you can carry through these like stressful situations and it makes you more productive and I think that what are these what do you call it constructive quiet constructed constructed? Deconstruct constructively quiet. Yeah, I mean that's genius that's genius. You know, he talks to about a little bit about how we don't really like to think too much or even read or you know develop any kind of internal life in the west. And in a lot of ways that that is that is true for a lot of you know, maybe people that listened to shows like this or probably more of an exception to that but I think in general You know the average person walking down the street doesn't really want to want to use his brain too much and you know, not not that people are stupid. It's just it's hard work to think it's hard work sometimes to read a bit and it's hard work to develop an inner life. It does it takes it takes an effort. And sometimes you got to fight against the grain of society to develop who you are as an individual and really follow your own destiny and things like that. But what do you always have to be a problem to that just to throw this in that every can there? Also, another group of people who have a tendency to me the overthink things. There's maybe too much emphasis who who who might some people like I've heard I've heard of these people. I don't know who they are. Yeah, I could never I can relate. Yeah relates as such a thing. Wow. Yeah, but I think the analogy is the Seine at this point, you know, everything's kind of in The Ether anyway with internet. Yeah, everything else that yeah, you know a lot of it is in the mind we have a lot and but then that be Becomes busy and that's just the same as having an external life. We have yeah kind of a material internal life with a lot of thoughts and a lot of feelings a lot of things bouncing around and this happened. Yeah information coming in from all angles having to process it. Even if we're not together. I adore right? We're very very busy there, but that's again. That's not the same as how it is talking I meaningful inner life. That's just a kind of a mind equivalent of a you know, an external the business. Yeah. That's that's the only point I'm trying to make but I wanted to And that's and you know that way it doesn't matter if you're equally distracted if you're equally, you know chaotic with you know, all these things are juggling these things. Yeah what you're not is centered inside. Yeah, and it's even more busy outside are busy inside what we're nausea caused centered and that's a good that's a good way to contextualize it today because again, this was in 1962 and there were a lot less distractions. I mean certainly people are listening to records. They were listening to the radio. Radio, you know they were in newspapers and so on but there was not a screen on every you know, bathroom wall and music and every store that you went into and you know, just a constant barrage of media everywhere we go and then we carry one around in our pocket. Even if we God forbid get it to 2 seconds to silence like it, you know, and I see this to with people, you know drought like driving, you know, people are driving in the car. They stopped at the light and boom. They're on the phone immediately like checking checking Instagram or something. You know checking in with their messages or whatever and it's like you can't even have that that you know to minute pause of quiet just to look around and see what's going on. You've got to you know, jump right into a screen and you know creating that sense of so surgery inner calm necessitates kind of taking control of some of our habits and saying, you know, what as I'm driving. I really don't need to think about what's going on in the digital world. I'm just going to focus on my environment. I'm going to focus on the you know the feeling Of the wheat, you know the wheel and my hand I'm going to smell smells. I'm going to open the window. I'm going to keep my eyes open and moving and I'm going to focus on my driving you can make it on you sort of meditation in a sense right and really cannot but the metal so glass and concrete world. Yeah might be a good idea to work on that focus on that. Yeah, because you forget you've got a you know a multi-ton vehicle. I don't know. What is the car away. How beautiful tan that's a ton right suit on. Yeah. Anyway, or yeah more more depending on how big it is driving one of those SUVs Buck you're driving around a lot of weight and it's you know, it's it is it's dangerous and we take that for granted because it's so comfortable and it's so easy to drive and so on but I mean keep your, you know, keep your mind focused on what you're doing. It's a dangerous world. We live in we have to focus, you know, I don't mean that to be you know that it's going to create fear but you know, we do have a lot of dangerous machines and we're in charge of these things and it's a big responsibility take their responsibilities. Seriously, you know yours and your family's and other people's lives are at stake. And so that Focus really does become crucial. So that leads us into I think the kind of martial arts aspect of it. So I'll just jump right into that since the bulk of this lecture is about that. He talks about you know, and that's where that inner world that outer World meet in martial arts. And that's the really the focus of this lecture for the most part. So He contextualize it and started started the discussion about martial arts by talking about. Dr. Khanna and Doctor Cano basically was was a martial artist who found Jiu-Jitsu in Japan and he found that it was kind of overly violent and it was overly competitive and it kind of lost its sort of spirit of sort of spirituality and ethics and so on and what he did is he ended up That and providing sort of more ethical elements and bringing Zen into it and creating creating Judo. He created Judo so this This that manly Hall was drawing on is, you know, it's gives a metaphor for for actually that you know, the true the true way of martial arts, you know, it's not about the violence. It's not about the competition and it's certainly not about you know, who can destroy his opponent. If you're talking about the true Spirit of martial arts as it's coming out of China and moving into Japan and it said in its original form. He did talk a little bit. Now, you have to make this this point you did talk a little bit about the the The terrible violence of boxing and mind you this is again 1962 and boxing was pretty damn violent in 1962. It's I mean, it's still still has elements of violence, but it's much more controlled and the gear is much better and the referees are much more. Schooled on watching for people, you know getting heard and things like that. So it is a lot safer especially amateur boxing an amateur boxing in a lot of ways is much closer to martial arts than it is like a you know, any what you would call like a blood sport or something like this, but even like I say, this is my defense of boxing only because you know, I love boxing but but he doesn't really bad mouth. He's just kind of contrasting it against what's going on with with with Judo and with So this leads us into some of these ideas that he points out and he uses martial arts really as a metaphor for life and he talks about economics and how often economics has an unfair sort of competition. You're trying to destroy the competitor and so on and this is where he was talking about. How dr. Cano when he when he when he added the ethical element to Judo. He really added something special to it and he really he's getting back to what you know, what martial arts were all about and it's ancient form and I think you know might have lost some of that spirit in Japan at that time. So he re added that Zen element and then he called it. I love this term that he was physical and psychic self-defense. Because it is a full Mind Body Experience, isn't it? Yes, so and you know and that can be to go throughout this and we're going to you know recovering this as we go he goes back and forth between maybe a very external very physical very tangible and practical example of what balanced and centered means and relates that to also what's what is inner balance what is enter and really there's kind of no difference. And yes, and it's a martial arts such a great. To Lori, you know the theme to use to yes describe one of those two in a very meaningful way meet but they also meet in life. Yeah. It's such a you know, the thing that in anyone who's experienced martial arts in any way or you know watch and we also obviously we've all seen movies or evolve, you know known people most of us who you know are involved in so on Earth tangentially, we've all seen kind of what goes on but it's so A parent I mean, it's such a clear delineation between like doing something correctly and not doing something correctly, especially when you're you know, you're sparring or other some sort of you know, there's some sort of competitive element to it because you know, for example, you know, if you you know, basically if you do something wrong get hit if you don't block a punch, you know, it's coming through and you're going to catch it and you know some part of your body and it doesn't it doesn't feel good. So it's like it's very it's a very visceral sort of, you know, immediate kind of Action action and reaction sort of thing that you know that puts mind and body like in this space where if they're not working together you are you know, you have lost already one thing that he pointed out. I like to say da talked about a judo. There's no idea of winning at all costs. You know, we've seen some sports candles and recently in baseball. There was some sort of Scandal I think with the with the Astros or something and you know, we see this stuff all the time, unfortunately. We in Pro Sports and college sports and you know people start pushing and cheating and they're pushing too far and there, you know doing things that hurt the the young people involved in there, you know actually hurting the the image and the and the Integrity of that particular sport or whatever, you know, and he points out that when he and all cost is not as not a tenant in Jude in Judo at all. In fact your it says you're going in to try to prove you're a gentleman. Or you know or a gentlewoman, you know, because a lot of women actually participate in Judo as well, if they're excellent try to prove you're more skillful than your opponent you're trying to you know, really show that you've got a higher level of skill. So you've got to not only do you're trying to win in a sense since they are turning away in because actually makes the point that you're not trying to win you're trying to demonstrate your most skillful abilities and you know, if that defeats your opponent You are in the right mindset. So if you and if you're not, you know, then you accept defeat gracefully and with honor and gentility pointed that out. So, you know any talks about to how motion should be used to the best that we that we know so we can we can use our Motion in that situation. I don't know why I like we're becoming super aggressive but being assertive, you know, being a sportsman, you know doing the correct things with honor and and And and and you know winning the bout that way but not really attached to the outcome. And that's a very daoist concept. Isn't it? Not being too attached to the outcome of the of the of the contest that's also in bhagavad-gita to Krishna tells that to Arjuna when they're on the field of battle. You cannot be attached to the outcome. You have to go in with a pure heart. So these ideas, you know, do you even come guard they go even further back than these martial arts. They go back to India ancient India. Well, I mean the other thing life I knows what he talked about. Brings in the ethics of life and when being hollowed anybody else starts talking about well what you know what happens in Life or it so it's just like life or what is life and one of the grand examples we have is nature with a capital N. What does nature do it does nature avoid conflict that avoid struggle and fighting to the death know there's there's fights to the death every minute of the day all across the world in the natural Kingdom list. Spiders, you know snaring are fly-in a cheetah is taking down a zebra, but he's talking about a very very different type of competition where the you know, you one strong one beats the other strong one the top of the food chain, you know killed each other, you know all you know all in for this this victory at any cost the nature doesn't do that. The law of the Jungle know is the fastest cheetah has to be a little bit faster than the slowest zebra. And so the from the top of the Predator pics from the bottom of the prey and that is the way of nature. So basically the dark side something unnatural and yes, if you're having a sporting competition. Yes, you can have a playing field and to put limits you have a time limit you have, you know, all these things is because then it's a game and then it's a sporting game but we seem to take this completely unnatural attitude to sports and War and yeah business. Relationships how many relationships have come under the suffered fire of winning at all costs but your own yeah, you know, you know and integrity your own family. Yeah, but I wonder about you horses. How about divorces? Oh my God at all your spare. No expense to win at all costs and Destroy destroy your kids and everything you've built in the in the process to really get back at that that person that you actually love you actually love that. Person at one time how quickly love turns into hated, you know, he talks about that and that's another thing. You're right nature There's No, Malice. There's no hate and in a big cat, you know, it's just doing what it does and it you know for all we know it could have love and it's hard for that for that pray that it's that it's talking, you know, so it's doing something natural and it's not you know, there's no there's again, there's no waste there's no you know, there's no greed. There's no anger. There's no hate and it's hard. It's just it's just pure you know, and that's actually a very zen zen attitude towards towards martial arts. And there's an example of that in Zen story about the samurai who Whose master was killed and then he was sent out to avenge the Masters death of like a ronin a sort of a masterless. Samurai had murdered this this this this teacher that was the head of their clam. And so this Samurai hunted for this guy for years and years and years. He was out on the road and finally ran into him in this little village and had him cornered in a in a some sort of a barn or something and they were about to fight. He was about to pull the Sword and the other guy had his hand on his sword. And the the Ronin the one who he was trying to find spit in The Honorable samurais face. And the samurai just you know, he had fought brought his sword out just slightly. It was about to draw it. He put his sword back in and just bowed and walked out and he did so because he became angry and he would not he would not fight in anger because he was on he you know, he knew that he would have to go and do that another day make that battle another day because he allowed himself to become angry by being having that person. This face and so to be honorable, he you know, he couldn't draw his sword and fight that guy you news, you know, you could have beat him, but he didn't do it because you know, like I said, he was angered and then he would be I would be acting out of his own ego do what his duty was and so that's really that idea of being an accord with me. You know, you're doing the you're doing the duty and responsibility of what you know, the natural order of things and that particular case. That's the natural order Samurai life, right? So Wilton ethanoate life and it's an F. Yeah jungle that to civilize me and seems, you know brutal and harsh but it's but it's ethical and it's well, it has its own natural laws, doesn't it and just because we don't understand it oftentimes doesn't it doesn't mean that It doesn't have its own system of Ethics. Right? It's you're right about that. So I think you know because I off I think we look at some of the times these nature videos and stuff where we see animals hunting and it's like it is, you know, it did it looks very brutal it does because most of us don't see that, you know, we don't hunt our own food. We don't see animals fighting we don't see that sort of violence. And so we you know, we kind of think oh God, make sure so horrible and it seemed too thin claw and you know, red and bloody and this and that it yes. It has its moments of that but you know, I don't get too far into it, but there's there's a natural order to things and the Earth has its own natural Rhythm and you know, that's part of this whole idea that we're putting ourselves in a chord with that doesn't mean we're running around with abandoned killing things. That means that we're in the natural order of things, you know, and as human beings, of course, we can make different choices based on that. If we don't want to eat animals, we don't have to and all that we have that luxury as you know, since we built the society we have so I didn't rate. All right, so I'm getting off track, but that was another so so this was leading into this next to the find your Center and find your balance. I talked about that and you know to this is again in conjunction with Judo, but true for all martial arts and True For Life lose your temper and you lose never be angry and never be afraid. He manly Hall said and those are W. Those are Wise Wise words there and you know to challenge certainly to embody but you know living that way never be angry. Never be afraid how much more pure are your intentions? If you can get those two things out of the way, you know fear and anger, you know, some of the most powerful motivators for us often times. You know, how much of our lives are based on those those two emotions, you know, and then the other thing it kind of delineated that then down into this idea of thought versus worry. So you're saying like we're thought is is is is you know positive sort of mind power move. In a right direction to solve a problem. Well, as worry is just disillusion. It has no meaning and it's kind of breaking things down in essence. It's breaking down the possibility of solution and not in a good way, you know, so the others those are two two things to look at and finding your Center and finding your balance in essence because you know without without without that Clarity and without you know that non angry non fearful stance. It's very This thing clearly, you know, because most of the time for afraid we're worrying if we're angry were usually worrying about something. We're not thinking clearly to solve the problem. Well and will act that will act out of desperation or out of lack and sometimes eat if you're in a desperate situation, but you know, if you're in an any points this out to if you're in an actual emergency with its immediate and imminent and it requires your immediate action without time to think Think we're actually in a clear space then because instantly we kind of remove all that stuff and we are from a truth core and it uses an example of a car accident or would be car accident that time expanded and everything seems slow motion and the last second the person know exactly what to do. And yeah, they Verde and nobody got hurt but we're the emergencies we're talking about are the everyday emergencies that we are almost in a State of emergency or on watch or what could happen or when he would didn't happen or what shouldn't have happened? And what are we going to do about it? And what if this person does this and we'll who said this online? There's this almost this very agitated state that were in and yeah, it's throwing us off. But by the time you leaving before you throw the first punch you've already thrown your feet of physically if you're using this as a metaphor, You know or spiritually or psychically you're off balance your shooting off with the tongue lashing out maybe before he got the information and or constantly reacting to things. Yeah, but this finding the balance it not only keeps you from falling over and you know and getting hurt when you can really get in this state of quietude and really find this truth core and I thought What about what he calls it a truth core and it's what's inside. If you can get really to this scent of our own being of our own self. That's where truth is. There's a inner truthiness I guess to ourselves. Yeah, like an inner Divinity that it's truth with a capital T that knows everything knows what to do in that emergency situation on the highway knows what to do in an argument and also just or in a you know, what could be a Fight like your story of the Samurai and it's and I thought of this you truth core will you know a lot of times we don't know ourselves. We don't know what we're all about and that can be a huge subject and they can take a long time to to get to that but using that word core and I thought about chords like I love apples and it's like well the cores I think he cut out. The core is kind of the thing you throw away when you're eating the apples, you know, what's this whore what's at the core of things? Okay. It's at the center. It's the core and we know we talked. Core exercise now that if you can strengthen your core makes it better for everything which is true. It's great exercise have a strong core training, but then I you know, I thought again about the apple corer and it's what connects the Apple to the tree, you know the stem that's in the center of the core. And in that core are the seeds for more apple trees. So is this regenerative regenerative thing that you know, not only down To the truth, but then you get the archetype pattern of really what you are. And then what do you growing, you know from your core? Yeah good seeds. And you know are they fertile is it you know, this is the kind of thing that we know we are putting out there because when we do speak out of turn or throw a punch off balance, you know, or you know, really stick our nose where it shouldn't belong. Yeah exactly. You know, we're not really putting the best out there the We're bearing is not all that Pleasant. So yeah, it was kind of an interesting word core and you can look at it in a lot of ways. But yeah, it's kind of just like that holds visible others. What are the source came from? It's what from the tree connected with the stem. It's what made the Apple possible and then was that makes the seeds possible which makes the whole thing. So you're getting to talk about truth. If you're from the Apple you're getting to accede to becomes another apple tree to make samples. I mean, that's That's the cycle of life right there. And you call that seed or you called it the the truth core the center. Also the seed of Destiny Center CDC said good. Yeah, you talked about the sow your seed of Destiny is in there, which I thought I'd like an album title. I like that seed of death but doesn't is YouTube Destiny. But yeah, I mean, of course that core that we're talking about. Is that invisible Center that that higher self portion yourself the god Consciousness within you and so on and even use that But you rarely does he called it. The God's enter the Divine Life principle or the archetypal situation which he mentioned as being the proper pattern for unfoldment of human character. And that's when he likened it to a seed or a seed of Destiny and that's all that Center within yourself. And that's where you're that's what you're trying to reach through the practice of martial arts. But through the practice of life through our interactions with people on a daily basis, you know, the martial arts is just a metaphor. Isn't that slow? So how Can we find this? How can we find our our core? How can we pull back from all this reaching out and you know get this? You talked about it out with but yeah, it's going yeah. One thing you talked about that is is a good it's a good analogy to this is this idea of a balance and equilibrium and being in the center of the circle. So, you know in Judo he says and you know, I have never taken Judo so I'm not sure of these these figures but he see talks about how you're supposed to stand firmly with your feet three feet apart. I like three just because it's a good symbolic. With your head always over the center of this symbolic Circle between the feet. So if you think about your feet being that sort of radius of that Circle and then you you're always trying to keep your head in the center and and and level essentially you don't want it Forward. You'll be off balance and you don't want it back because you'll be off balance. I obviously don't want to left or right either you want to just right in the center and you know boxing is the same way, you know, when you're when you're practicing moving around on your feet working with your footwork. Work and stuff and slipping ducking under things and so on you always keep your your head in that same sort of position. The MMA is the same way in any kind of, you know Ling and so on it's that center of the equilibrium basically that you're trying to create and essentially, you know, I like that idea of not being too far forward and it makes me think of not not being too far projected into the future not being projected into the past, you know in the certain terms of And backwards but being right there right now in that moment in essence and that's I mean that's one of the ways to to really be centered is to be in the moment, you know, and how often are we in the moment during the day really think about it most of the time we're thinking about what we got to do next or what happened, you know before or when we were a kid this happened or I don't like the song in the radio. So I want to turn it to something else which is an idea for You know a future thing then something better. But how often are we just in that moment? And that's why you know, that's why martial arts are such a powerful tool for learning that is in boxing and MMA if you are not in that moment you get socked in the face. So there you go. You know, it's not a there's no real question about was I in the moment or wasn't I in the moment when someone's throwing punches and kicks that you're trying to, you know, trying to get you into some kind of joke or something, you know, if Not in the moment, right then with the you know, bringing all of your focus to bear on that moment. You know, you're not going to you're not going to do well and and that life is like that too though. You know what think about like you the car analogy, you know when you're in the car and you're fiddling around your phone and you're trying to drink is your Starbucks latte and you're yelling at the kids and you're doing this you're doing that, you know, you're courting disaster, you know what I mean? Because you're not focused on. That at that driving at that moment you're off balance. You're not in the middle of the circle. You're not you're not your heads not centered in the circle your heads back your heads forward heads the left it goes to the right. It's not focused you naughty man. And so it's really a an apt analogy for how we live our lives, isn't it? Yeah, well one thing about driving we've talked about this is you know, there is a muscle memory. So if we're going someplace familiar at least part of our Consciousness is focused on the driving even if we are not yeah, thank God, but it can be and yeah, thank God and this is the reason you want to see divine intervention. Try driving on the LA freeways about any day of the week idea Friday at about 3:30. You will see divine intervention invisible guardian angels and miracles happen. Everyone left and right like how Every other month I get how did that not result in it? Yeah. It's a it's a it's not because we're all skilled drivers. It's that that is definitely not the reason now, you're right. There is something some other forces were some toys out for a muscle memory, you know. Yeah, but then how much you know can we can be equally dangerous if we're if we're talking to our kids and we say the wrong thing or if we're sure you know, even something that's not maybe he's physically dangerous as driving or you know potentially point the psychic. Damage and you know that we can inflict on ourselves and others is, you know, really bound to happen more often if we're not focused if we're not centered if you're not in that present for not in that Circle. Yeah, and it's not a big circle well in not being driven by anger and fear in those moments, you know, and anger at your kids for example will result in you saying things you regret so don't you stop the anger you can you can You know your device to this situation this Center is you know, yes, it's a place and yes, it's there's contained within this Center, you know, you know, what is your core? What does that your core and this inner Divinity but I also see it as like an an action like Center ring, you know, he calls it the it what finding the center. Yeah in the center. Yeah reaching outside. Center ring, you know, it's like, oh you want to Center the map you want to Center yourself. You want to calibrate you want to get this? You know that it's a Pause in between situation and action or between thought and speaking about it or stimulus and response that there's this centering it takes place in the will you balance the scales, you know use you if you're weighing something you way the truck first before you you don't way, you know, take everything out, you know, you know what the truck weighs and then you put it on the truck scale and whatever is in the back of the truck and you subtract the truck weight and that's how much it weighs. You know, but there's this centering this recalibrating and it's it's kind of enough. It's a zero, if you really take this scale thing this balance centering you're getting it back to zero hmm to where it's at the midpoint. It's not this way or that way and in that space yet. This is a very pleasant thing but no activity can really take place. I think a lot of times we'll throw be a stimulus would be a situation and for a moment. We're in the center because oh Oh gosh. Look what's going on? I got to do something about this and then we go straight to activity or thought or saying something or tweeting something back or whatever we do. Yeah, we don't pause in the center and get centered and say that's true. Okay. I'm going to bring this to the middle and sent in to make a quick a quick plug here because we do have that great show and this was one of your suggestions that returning zero podcasts. Remember that one? Oh, yeah. It goes It goes very deeply into that. So that concept so definitely check that out if you're more interested in finding out about that, but continue, I'm sorry, but that's what he at the beginning. I mean, they all spoke about quiet and that is this. Yeah centering and it's really an empty space in her head and her heart where we can just be at the level of acceptance acceptance is not approval again acceptance is just the recognition of what is oh I'm here and somebody said something really rude to me and I've email Hearts racing and they feel terrible and want to but I can stop him. It's this time out this, you know 10-second count but get to the center and if you can get to breathing again, and in this quietude, then from there you can move out and yes, you may have to go back into the arena you may have to struggle and fight for what is rightfully yours if it's you know Conflict at work or something that needs result, but you're going to do it from a centered position. Yeah active. Well, you weren't back to Center. I did take Taekwondo years ago and Djembe Quentin would say and we would get in this, you know, you do this. It's almost like calling a soldier to attention. Actually. It's very much like em where there's kind of a hand motion of food machine, you put your fists down and you're standing straight and you are listening you are completely aware. You're very much and yeah ten-hut, you know, no yeah. Yeah exactly. It's called to attention. You're not doing anything. But no you are there. You're actually you're specifically not doing anything else you're not well they were listening to be told to do some when you're yeah situation the direction and that discipline creates that that open space and that freedom. I think sometimes we think it is blind as being something. Well, I don't want to do it. It's like that's just bringing me down man. I don't want to have all this discipline, you know discipline we talked about that before but the thing is discipline and self discipline and you know principles and you know living according to a law. But you know adhere to and so on actually gives you more freedom. That's the thing about it. It's like if you've got a center and you're operating from the core of those principles and that was another thing you pointed out about Judy's like keep your own principles. That's part of part of keeping your own Center keeping your own principles and not being sucked into the outer World sort of ideas and so on and he made an example. There are some some man who had gotten so angry because he got scammed for some investment and it was some you know unrealistically Expectation that was sold to him and it's so, you know, his own greed got the best of me wasn't keeping to his principles or see wasn't keeping centered. So if we allow greed or fear or you know, the desire for something for nothing or you know, we're trying to get over on somebody or whatever then we're not following our principles. If you know, we need to develop those ethical principles within ourselves and then and then follow those things and keep our own Center and so many people get sucked in by those things they get so angry when they get scammed and they think all it's you know, It's the world out there is doing this and that but you know, you're allowing yourself to be knocked out because you're not on your Center. You're not in your stance. You're not focused in the moment. You're not, you know, using those principles right together. Like I remember do you remember the speaker scam that was going on the white vans that would drive around the speakers in the back trying to sell these big home speakers. Did you guys ever have that in your area when you're young? I don't know. It's kind of in a West Coast thing. I mean you can even look it up. It's on Wikipedia. It's called It's like white the white van speaker scam. These guys would drive around these white Vans and they'd give you this song and dance about how they just he's just fell off a truck and this and that they're trying to act like, you know, we could they got hot merchandise in the back but really what they got is a set of cheap speakers, they start talking about how their water cooled and they're giving you all these ridiculous like non-real, you know, just nonsense technical sort. Of explanations of how great these speakers are and then they end up, you know, get rope and kids into buying them for like 400 bucks and they're not you know, they're worth like 50 bucks or something each. Do you know what I'm saying? So it's one of these things though where they're getting you out of your own Center. They're getting you off of your own principles because you think these are you know, these are stolen I'm going to get him so cheap and they're so that these great speakers and they're they're just even if it was they were real good speakers and they Stalling so shouldn't be buying them. You know what? I mean? It's like, you know, you're participating in a in something that's you know, that's not ethical. Right? So it's an interesting thing and then you know, but what he is point was it's like, you know this man that was telling him the story got so he was so angry at the other person and you didn't even take any personal responsibility for his own part in you know, you do so obvious enemy is that we do have the capacity to ask me to believe what to want to believe what we know isn't true. Yeah. And then later to get to feel victimized to feel good time by the exact same thing and it just this Psycho II don't know what that is. I seen it. I've been participating I we all have in that and you know, but it's again, that's the loot once you lose the center. Well, then they've got you and you've got yourself and yeah, but this this coming to the the center and it's he goes on to describe how it can can really be A space and a place of great wisdom. It's not you know, yes, you have this. Yeah quietude in this calmness that in there is usually the right answer to how it looks problem any specific problem. Is this core this truth core that from that it has the the wisdom of of the world or the universe and we know how to act and react from that and we can bring our problems in there. But it is it is also, you know such a secure place and you mentioned calming the storm earlier that it's kind of an other place to if you're in you're in Quietude and you're still frustrated and spun out by you know, what somebody said in the world what's going on in this and that you're probably not really in that quietude space. Yeah, because this is it's kind of a part from the road down to that like when somebody has confidence in really knows who they are. They seem to take criticism quite well, they're not as embarrassed by a sure, you know a public, you know, Miss. Speaking on something or forgetting something or doing something really, you know Stu. Yeah there they other brush themselves off and keep on going because they know that that's not important, you know, there's an inner security and it's not just you know, being having a strong ego. Yeah. This is this is really, you know, that that is one level of being self-confident and selfish or you might be assured of a false self or an ego solder, but we're talking a different thing that it is this literally it's a safe space yeah the within you that you know just isn't affected by the other and since it isn't affected by those things you can take those things in there and look at the problem or situation without judgment without fear without pre concept or you know any of these antagonisms or resentments or anything you know in WoW what our feelings about the thing yeah those are those don't belong in there either this is this is quieting all that stuff yeah exactly all that stuff yeah and maybe not quite often maybe every single time if you can get to that point the answer will become clearer and the problem one situation will be seen in its true light and maybe that person that was annoying here that you just want to slap in their own way was maybe just trying to help Even though you don't want to hear their advice. That's a good point. Yeah, that's that's enough of a reframing of the situation that could affect your behavior Sharon, but you gotta go you gotta go to that Center to be able to even recognize that to just get out of the problem situation and get into more solution-oriented thinking so you're just like opening up to the possibility of some some, you know, some good coming out of a situation by going to that divine. Life Principle as he called it or that that God Center that archetypal situation, you know used all those different terms young my called the self the self in India, they call it the self with a capital S. You know, it's this eternal invisible core within us that is connected to you know, connected to Divine Divine the Divine Creator and you know, we all have that and it anyway he mentions to that everything that happens to us is moving us toward the center. You know, so regardless of these situations and difficulties we face that really our lives are moving us toward that Center and it's all for getting our own good. So the more that we try to consciously connect with that Center by you know, he said go up into your mountain of Silence, even if it's for just five minutes, you know, so silent silent silent out in the sound that's again. It's being a part away from your in a but that you know, that could be figure figuratively speaking to I mean, your mountain is silence could be in the middle of a noise and confusion situation, but you're going up into it within yourself, right and you're finding your Center in your own self. It could be in the middle of a battle. It could be in the middle of an argument but you stopped. Well, actually that's when you need it the most and that's it and arguments a perfect example or it's your caretaking type of person or a fixer someone who likes to solve problems for people if a situation Rises whether it's an argument or a crisis or somebody's in pain or frustrated about something before you go fixing it and solving it or trying to win the argument pause for a moment and in this is a very, you know bit of practical advice that I wouldn't be saying if I haven't used it before and if it hasn't proved itself and it has many times for me and it was something I had to learn and do deliberately at first and now it's becoming more natural as a response. But that pause before fixing and helping and offering advice and throwing myself into the solution is to pause and go. Oh, yeah, that's true. I'm really sorry that person did that to you. Oh gosh that must feel terrible and you'd be with the person per minute acknowledge where they are and what they're feeling before you go solving it. Mmm good play or yeah, where you go, you know it coming. Back with the right Barb throw in the argument should pull it back. What are we arguing about? What am I doing? Oh, yeah. She even though I think I'm right and I could slam dunk this video this argue. You know what she's just she's just mad because I really wasn't listening to to what she was saying, you know or whatever the thing is, you know that there's something behind it. There's something you know, that doesn't require Er a solution sometimes just and you know, maybe that's that's find a lot of therapy and you know doctors or anything like that part of it anyway can be not the prescriptive solution, but it's just somebody sat down with me for 20 minutes and listened sure and I feel they were listening to me how exactly you're doing to my things not making it worse, but not just jumping into tribal. No, here's what you gotta do. It's like oh, yeah. Well, that's part of the best part of moment. I've been out silence isn't it? You're listening and quietude and you're not trying to formulate what you're going to say or how you're going to argue. But you're just kind of witnessing and sharing that moment and in the Silence with that but that other person as well and we can do that with ourselves to that's the interesting thing about it. We can do that with our own you go in our own thoughts and so on and kind of witness what they're doing and try to quiet things down and see see what all the clamor is about and all that right, please what am I thinking do I really need to be having those thoughts and What's what am I why am I level 5, you know when this is really nothing and I get caught in my head and thick what? Oh, well, that's what I'm doing and feeling like a victim because somebody didn't hear me. Yeah, you know, but you know what maybe maybe I wasn't communicating properly or whatever. Maybe the person is not going to hear me. So what yeah, it really worth me getting on this Trio you stop the train of thought in this state. What am I doing? What's yeah thoughts coming in my head and but you acknowledge them. You're not trying to Say no you're just saying. Whoa, this is what's going. Yeah. Do I really need to be like that? Maybe I don't know maybe sure and why I think once you and that's how it once you recognize that to then even going a step further and just maybe focusing on the hard focusing on the breath and the letting those thoughts still and kind of allow things to just calm down like, you know, there's a sort of a like a like a Muddy Pond or something, you know, it's all stirred up you just watch and allow it to kind of the sediment to sink down to the bottom. Bottom things eventually will become clear. So you instructively quiet. Yeah, that's me. Right so, you know thinking sometimes especially if we're trying to figure things out or figure somebody else out or you know, trying to actively work on these problems. It can get us you can help but then it gets us only so far. So then after that the kind of Let It Go and you know, let that pain still let that let that sediment sink down to the bottom and let the clarity come through and remember to like manly all says we do not need to hope for good we are Already have this good so you don't need to hope for something that good is already at your Center that wisdom is already at your Center that truth core is already within you, you know, and it provides you all the basic principles to answer all your problems. He made that very clear. And so sometimes it's just a matter of listening in a better way and quieting the Mind down and quieting the ego down and you know even said to you and made the the the recommendation of some sense some only sometimes when you're really caught in a quandary to sleep on something and let the ego get out of the way oftentimes in the morning, you know, when you when all of your desires and needs and all this other stuff is gotten out of the way something something clear will come through so all beautiful advice. I recommend that you listen to this full this full lecture because there's so much more to it that we weren't able to even get into so do check that out at manly Hall Society on you. to but you can go to Manley Hall.com as well and get to get to the lectures through there right Chris yeah that's it there well some of them anyway have transcripts and this one and this one has the transcript as well right transcript you can read along or you know some people do better looking at the word yeah I like to do both yeah that's a great way to do it so again the and good oh and most of the videos I think on the YouTube channel have whether they're specifically transcribed or their Auto generated through YouTube they do have the subtitles and even listening to me in the Halls sometimes I do I like seeing the words to MMM Yeah so he kind of spoke the written word and his writing you can hear his voice and he kind of wrote the spoken word the line between spoken and written this very very thin with him and determined yeah with that so it works and to have both to have the audio and the text going absolutely me you know I love it you know so it's another way to experience this great material but the real way to experience it is to have a listen listen to us this show take a read and then bring it in to your truth core and see what it means to you absolutely that's the takeaway here with so reaching the Centre truth leads all things to itself manly Hall man they all Society on YouTube look that one up or check out and check out Chris has one website that he runs manly Hall manly Hall.com Also Chris shared in.com. If you want to find out more about Chris and his his book that he's written which is called the spirit in the sky. I have a book called if you can wear you can meditate and that is on Amazon. Chris's book is on Amazon as well or at Cosmic i.org. I have the books up there so you can check that out. And again, please support us if you can Amazon, excuse me, Amazon, I'm gum Amazon of my head anchor dot f m / cosmyk. I you can you can Can make a small donation there if you can afford it or large donation if you want to hey, I don't want to I don't want to put constraints on. Yeah, if you feel if you're feeling generous, please please do do support us and you know, also if you can try to share us on social media and so on were on Instagram, I meant Jason Napolitano at Jason Napolitano and Instagram, there's also at cosmic eye center, and then Chris here at at Chris shared and 33, right? Uninteresting. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah, so at those, you know, those things are almost also up on Cosmic i.org. So thank you again for joining us. I was a great show today. Thank you Chris. I appreciate it and all the great work you're doing on this manly Hall stuff. There's some beautiful lectures out there. So definitely when you go listen to this subscribe to the channel and listen to the great the great work that Chris is putting up on their so manly whole society. Thanks. Thanks again for listening. Have a great week. Goodbye and God bless.