Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'mFortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.Balls balls balls balls and now for the moment, you've all been waiting for from the Land of the Rising Sun to just north of the Border Strong Style meets street style.On this very podcast because you listened to the site Thomas st. The Osaka Superstar The Mad Titan of Tokyo the American Kaiju. Oh wait, there's more double your pleasure. Double your fun tonight. You get to Hogs men for the price of one the Ombre with no nombre Mia Mano from another Mom. Oh, he's the world's greatest. Strudel. Oh numerous. That's right. You're listening to two of the three Hogs men big Duke. He couldn't make it this time. He had some car problems. He he said he'll be here next week. Don't know if you got that message. Did you get the message? I got the message. Anyways, it is Monday March 2nd. We're here at the level of pro wrestling school. Devin just finished up his promo and character class. Hmm. And once again, we are joined by the returning. Lucha redneck put your hands down honey. It's not a triumphant Carol's resident redneck and dubbed by Dev the fucking poser. The Dimetapp kid himself Hunter Friedman. Welcome back. Coronavirus not confirmed. I do not have it Devon so fuck off. Yes, and I have it. All right. Well glad to have you back honey. Actually. I want to see the test results. We should have tested it before I came in here this show really struggled with Here Maria last week. I listen to it as awful. Thank God Chris. Terry was here. You know why it was awful because he couldn't hear your ears were plugs. The other coronavirus. Did you can hear shit sinus is all messed up like he didn't thank you. Also we have another return Ted was gone over the weekend. We've talked about what we did Ted had an awesome. We didn't even fucking build them up. Oh, sorry producer Deadmau5. The Helo kid the haole. Oh, he's dead. No, I don't do that back from Hawaii yet. How was your trip? I was speaking on the island bra. Oh, man, what'd you do over there? Would you just use it was raining the whole time? So instead, of course, I'd in the winter pretty wet. My understanding this we were on the big island on the Hilo side of the big island, but man it's gorgeous. The vegetation is incredible. I don't know if we talked about that. I'm like Gardener like I have a plants and Senior stuff on Instagram. Yeah, so That was really cool for me. And then my brother was awesome to meet the people he knew out there because that's why we went is that he lived out there for a while and connecting with them, you know, some drinks during a lot of Fireball whiskey, you know boys boys trip. So yeah, but I'm back safe and sound welcome back it one thing to point out. If you've been listening to the podcast in the beginning is started. It sounded like shit originally and that wasn't because the content was about as it because we were recording just Mike and I here in the level up Studios Ted came. A Min with legitimate equipment and knows what he's doing and made the show what it is today. So thanks. Thanks for helping us out to you. Thanks for bringing me in and it's going to be just wait just wait and Ted just got himself a new nickname. Dr. Greenthumb. Dr. Greenthumb. How about dr. Greenhorn greater greenhorn it works. But anyways, once again, we are drinking beers from 10 Barrel of Brewing Pub. Beer cheap fun. Beer. Go ahead and pop those guys. Thank you Timberland pug beer. Devops weekend weekend was good, man. It was the first week and a half and a little bit and got to relax. Yeah. It was the best part just sitting there and relaxing nothing special nothing like nothing special. I'm probably forgetting something special probably an anniversary went by or birthday. And yours. Yeah. Did you forget about it? Here's the funny thing. I did forget about my anniversary this you actually yesterday. Oh, I know. You guys are all like, oh, he's in the doghouse. Guess what? This won't surprise Hunter Hunter Hunter knows my wife we both forgot about it. We both my mom raised me my mom. We're horrible with with dates and stuff like that. My mom texted me and was like happy for you know, wedding anniversary, whatever and I was like Oh, Hey Beth, it's our anniversary. And she was like, oh, yeah. I thought it was like some time around her. Here's the thing Beth and I have to wedding anniversaries. So we got married in Cabo, but prior to going down to Cabo. We got the courthouse marriage, you know the contract like the real legit thing where you just go into the courthouse and they say and you say oh I want to get married and they go okay, give us $80 and sign this binding contract without asking you any questions. They ask. Oh cool. Here you go. And then so we did that that was on I guess March first and then March 12 When our actual like Cabo wedding anniversary is so see you mr. Anniversary. Your anniversary is on the 12th. Now, I just kind of all just depends on which one you want to you want to do it, but we know which one you want to celebrate. Well, no, you asked me my wife and I are still in discussions like which one do we celebrate but I don't know. It's like whatever dude every day is an anniversary, you know, hey and like that I'm gonna tell it to my wife next time. I forget. Hey sweetheart every day is an anniversary. It's just a lot about Valentine's Day. Yeah, so that was a yesterday. And speaking of anniversaries March 15th West Coast wrestling connection. I'm going back up for the 15th anniversary. I'll be taking on Baron Corbin one of the best wrestlers ever. I was I said this last last episode and then I was going to get more into detailed. I almost quit wrestling until Darren annoyingly saved me from it. I went up there. There's probably about a year ago like I've been up to Up to wcwc in a while and I went up there for one day. It was a Sunday show and I was gonna have two matches. The first match went horrible. It went really bad. I got I got like concussed. So This dude, I was wrestling does a move where it's a body slam, but he throws you you know, so you gotta be a little bit of distance, which is fine. I've done it before I've done it too like smaller wrestlers, you know, you put them up for a body slam, but you actually kind of throw them but you know, you give them a little push to get all the way over the Gemini was wrestling did this move to me but did not give me the push that I needed to take the take the bump on my back. Very good. Well, so in the air I am I think we all know that feeling of like I am not rotating enough and I was you know, almost panicking and are like I'm trying my best to rotate, you know, because I have nothing to to go off of and I hit the mat and I've it scared the shit out of me. I felt electric shocks all through my legs and my arms right when I hit the mat just It's a shock went out like all through my body. And the first thing that jumps in my head is Stone Cold Steve Austin, right? You ever hear him talk about when he when he injured his neck. That's the first thing he says is that he felt was like Electric Shot through with it should through his through his arms and legs. So I hit I feel that and I'm like, holy crap like something bad just happened. Something really bad just happened. The referee is name is a Sparky Ballard, I think with Sparky I call him over and I told Marky tell him that I told him tell him stay the fuck away from me. Tell him stay the fuck away from me because I had need to figure out what's going on, right? anyways, I start moving my fingers start moving my arms my legs and I'm like, okay, I think I'm all right. I think I'm all right. Get back to the match it. Just what you know from there. It was just not a very good match of barium who the fuck was it. I'm not very this motherfucker. Don't do that the segment. No, I'm down to bury us. I know I'm not I'm not here to ruin any of you cool guy was that all about so all right. It was me. That was my first match of the day and I get back from the match and I am you know, freaking out like I don't feel well, I don't feel well. I don't know what's going on. I know I didn't hit my head, but it was just a it was a weird feeling and I have a match with Darren coming up in about 45 minutes. And I'm back there and I'm kind of just like trying to like figure out what happened with my body and Darren comes over and you know, we're kind of talking like Darren, I'm sorry man. Something bad happened out there. I'm trying to figure it out. Like, can you just give me a second? He's like, yeah, no problem man, because back a few minutes later and you know, we start going over the magic. Okay, Darren, I think I can I can get this together. I can pull this together. What's going on man? What do you want to do out there? But still my head, I'm still thinking like, what the fuck? Happen to my body, I'm scared and I'm kind of scared about taking bumps now, right because of what just happened and we're going over it and I for some reason I can't remember anything Darren's telling me for some reason. I you know, I think it's just cause my head was the off somewhere else thinking about other stuff and I'm like Darren. I'm so sorry man. I can't I just I can't I can't remember anything right now man. I'm so sorry. We got a really dumb this match down and he goes dude you're working with me, you know. Like all I do is basic stuff and I'm like, alright cool, man and Derek's just all right, I'm sorry Darren just kind of like, you know trying to help me out and we were supposed to go 10 and I asked the the you know, the producer guys like hey, can we go eight and have the match after us go 10, and I'm like, yeah, that's fine. So anyways, Darren and I put a mash together and Right before like, you know kind of like 10 minutes before we go out. I'm right kind of like behind the entrance and I'm just I put my hands on a table and I'm just sitting there like do I really want to fucking do this like and with my life like, you know, you start really kind of questioning your decision making as you can say and I'm like do I really want to do this? Do I really want to fucking do this man? And Darrin's I came in I'm help you out there. I'm gonna take care of you. I'm like, all right go out there and have an Fantastic match a fantastic match. It was so much fun. Darren is one of those guys that makes it fun to wrestle because he's out there trying to like make you laugh because he's hilarious guy. You know, he just he's in a he's an incredible TV wrestler. Also the guy knows how to work every camera for some reason. He knows what cameras on him and he's always got the he's always in the perfect position like when you know, like when you're working with somebody and they're out of position and you're like fuck this guy's always in the right position. So I'm going up to wrestle him March 15th as soon as the promoter hit me up and told me who I'd be working with. I was like, yes, of course. Coming up and you know, I'm really looking forward to the match and and he literally Darren without knowing he probably like saved me from quitting the business and that's my Darren Corbin story. Was that the only match you've had with him so far? No, I've had another match. Okay too because which there's a match that I've heard from me multiple times. Which one is the Matched. It's like the match that you're like, oh, he's great towards is the best matches both matches matches, but that my first match with him was a gimmick match. It was a Christmas. It was during the Christmas time. And it was a they put up Christmas presents on the post and it was like weapons inside these Christmas presents. And so this was like funny. One was an asp which is a retractable baton. It's like what the police use Tire Thumper shout out to loves. The other one was a ping-pong ball paddle, you know, like the little cheap things which we broke the prior to even going out there. And then the other one was a pair of brass knuckles and then we only hit three boxes the fourth box had nothing in it because we never went to it and I was like because Delos match D'Lo Brown planned out this match and I'm like I said, we got a gun. It'd be sweet if like after the match I went to it. I pulled out a gun. But anyways Wheels I got you. Yeah, but anyways, we had him at it was friend. It's the easiest match ever easiest match ever because you know how so when you're doing TV matches the referee will give you X and say hey you got seven minutes left, you know it is that you've done plenty of TV and So instead of that they were just like go to box number one. Go to box. Number two. That's awesome. Go to box easiest match ever. That's so rare ever. Why isn't that a match? Why isn't that like a thing? I don't know. So here's the funniest thing that you wanna hear this. So the last in fact, I went over on Darren and the last box after I exit the ring. I just stepped on the apron cracked it open looked inside and acted like oh my God, I can't believe that that weapons in there, you know, like act like, you know real shocked. And I walked out and fans were like what's in it what's in it? And I'm like, no not going to tell you there's nothing in it, obviously, so I go back talk to Darren blocking Invisible Man you had a tag team partner the whole time and the fox I go back to Darren see if he's OK how the match went excellent. And then I saw always go to DLo to make sure the match was good. So I walk outside to where the production truck is and ICD low tearing this kid this this this like student and a new asshole man, like ripping into this kid, and I'm like Holy fuck what this kid do that student when they were tearing down the gimmick, you know, like taking the boxes off. The fans are like what's in it what's in it and the kid turn the box over and it was empty like showing the fans that was empty and do the deal is old school. So he was back there. Like why the fuck would you do that blah blah blah, and I'm like, oh snap do those pissed but every right to right? He's old-school like that and the kidneys that this is a student and he's like you did that just to get yourself over and lick. It was awesome. It's so The but anyway, I wasn't a chest protector in it that I know that's what I popped. Everyone at the DLo chest protector was in the holy shit. But anyways, that's my daring by the way Benny. B-boy. Just stepped in. What's up, Betty? Oh, come on mic check Danny you've traveled the country and the world have you ever wrestled in Corbin? Darren Court was one of my favorite people see everybody will say that to everybody who ever has been in the ring with him will say that to be honest. I've never been in the ring with him, but like outside of the Ring. He's amazing. I used to be in the ring with Eric Cannon a lot. And you know, yeah, those are real. but step but like every time I see Darren, it's It's good. He's a great guy. He's the right guy genuine one of the most genuine people in. Well, yeah, but anyways, yeah, so March 15th wcwc 15th anniversary. Nice looking forward to go looking forward to that good stuff. I'll I'll be up there to then on March 15th. Oh, dude, I'm so sorry. What is the juju? You don't play. Well, I'm adjusting we've been talking a lot lately, but you still have the airport with me and be like, yeah my thoughts works. The envelope before we fly. I'll hit the promoter. That's how it works. I'll hit the promoter up and go. Yeah, Devon hasn't received his ticket yet. He does he does he sound of his itinerary Devon who he goes by Devon Sparks now, but yeah Devon who works to need to start calling yourself to sparf steady the Sparks daddy. Yes fucking starting anything nicknames. Whoa. Wait, I have a new nickname. Oh, I'm ready. No, I'm going to I'm telling you this is coming. I'm okay. I'm telling you this is coming. I talked to Mike about this and he thought I was just oh you think I'm joking, you know about this. Do I tell you this? If you did I was dead. Remember you say something. I can't remember what it was. Oh you retweeted a line. I'm dead fucking serious. I'm listening. I don't know. There's probably not in official record for it. Okay. It's probably not out there. I want to set the record. Okay for most pin attempts in a match, so Absolutely agree, because what is the objective of a match to fucking beat the person you gotta pin them to beat them. Now? Here's the thing. Here's the thing over at the level of show. We did it Liberty Station. The first one I used to this law where I was just pin the guy over and over after a move once twice three times. All right, I'm looking over these two are just popping like crazy. They're just going off and I'm like, this is fun. I'm having a blast and so I just started doing it to make them laugh and now it's to the point where I'm like, I could fill a match with fifty to a hundred but I could do it fifty to a hundred L. Listen. Listen, listen, brother. Listen. Listen, you do want inside cradle roll back and forth five times. That's five pins. I have one question. What's up? All right. Do you have fifty to a hundred the cradles and reverses? No, but no not this you could he's got time to learn you got ya know but as far as pins go I can probably do 30 different. Pin variations now if I YouTube that for a day and a half, I'll be up to 60 and if I come to class and I learn with b-boy on Wednesday or Thursday nights, I'll probably have a hundred twenty. So I'll have to trim down my pen attempts in the ring. I got three. Well, that's not true. That's not true. I've learned several with you but I'm thinking that I want to do this. I want to hit up Guinness. I want to say hey, I don't know what the record they well. There's not a record. There's not a wrestler can't be right. You know what it is. Get is they probably do every record. It's Lucha. It's a Luchador that did it. We all know that just fade that shit. Of course. It's gonna be I'm gonna be the Brock Lesnar money a little racist is a Luchador. That's really racist. Jesus Christ. Everything's a rollup. Everything is a roll up there. Now. He's thralls something up on the shoulders going on. No. No, they have everything ends in a pin over there. So they're going to have to get a it's not racist. All right. Here's the thing. It's a little racist. But but but that's the title is episode. It's a little racist but I'm gonna set the record. I'm gonna hit up ganis and I think I'll do it's got to be a lot right? You can't just do like 25 and call it a day. I don't know man. We had to figure out the the Record Man or you got to make one up. I think you could I think you could have a good match without making it about the pins necessarily until the end of the match and people wouldn't even know you're doing it until you're about 20 pins deep. You do some chain, you get three or four pins in there early you get that inside cradle. It's four pins right there. Yeah, here's the question. Here's the question. So when it comes down to inside cradle, do you call it an inside cradle? Do you call it a small package last thing you do the small package gimmick where you roll around the you keep going back and that's what I meant was a small pack. Isn't that isn't that the same thing? I guess I couldn't tell you. I'm not that good of a putter. What do you think it is? All right. Good job hundred, whatever you do. I've been drinking beer. I don't know. Shut the fuck up and with a stutter. That's it. I don't do all the other stuff. Oh, you don't do that on some you see you flip over the ropes and do a the duck your cake. And then you hit him with a Canadian Destroyer. I'll do all that other stuff is look at this. Watch this watch that turns around. Your ass is brown one. When the Canadians Destroyer don't do shit eat this boot. Hey wash boot. Daddy the boot Daddy. No. So anyway, the nickname I'm planning on doing this by the time it's all those of the Kingpin. I'll be the king. Okay, so I throw it in there will have will have the saitama say no soccer Superstar by Tokyo the king may be the American. No, I can't be I'm already very kind but the King small package small pack and mr. Small package. Whoa, Ike you can't be a Hogs, man and mr. Small. Package, it doesn't work like that. Well, maybe maybe maybe that's the reason why you call yourself a hug smin because it's a small package. Yeah. Well, how do you do a large package? Call it large package? Yeah. If a husband does it it's a large packet fair fair. My bad. Yeah, man, good luck with that Dev. I'll be right there on the apron watching dog helping you. Fuck you. You're doing a show by yourself. I'll do it in my show by myself. Oh, this is single stuff. Like are we competing against each other on this because I can No, no, it's going south for us. I'll hit the motherfucker with the clicker. Shove it down your shorts or your trunks. I'm sorry good to go dog. There you go. That's right. Like, where would you put it on his trunks? Well, I put it in the fucking waistband, which is his belly button. It's very high. Waist is my sternum. My sternum. Here's how here's how here's how you do that match though, right you get to the end if there was an actual record. Let's say the record is 50 you get to 49 on that in mind that let's call it a small package you have them are very set. And then you what's that large the large package and then you take the pin on his is reverse up you finish before and that's how you ended. So we never if you're a heel you don't give the crowd what they want. Hey guys. I just want to make a Huge fucking announcement. Oh, man, it was really the bursary on Sunday. So this what do you call Anchor? It's a it's your platform platform steam platform are hosting platform. They track a lot of analytics and they say that was that mean analytics look Ted be smart for me. So the analytical data that they're providing is like download figures listener numbers time spent listening average length of download it got it. Got it. I Oh, I'm so so one of the house is also one of the features they have is they'll tell you where your listeners are coming from. Okay like California, Arizona got it. Like how many do we have in Parts Unknown none yet, but we do have a listener in South Africa. You're damn, right? We did it. We did it boys. We're over. We're going to South Africa boys. You know does anyone run down there at the pressure they got accent? Hey, shout out to our listener in South Africa. Yeah. What up, dude Johannesburg pro wrestling. Actually, that's where at helical is from a nest where you train first. So for and helices he South Africa so and helical is one of these guys that South African lived in England then also lived in Mexico. So like I saw him in person doing a thing for a Lucha underground, yeah. Whoo speaking perfect Spanish, Yeah, it was amazing. He is very handsome individual we must do like yeah, you're very good-looking. Well, we appreciate your listening. Helico. Yeah. I thought I can you retweet us or something. I saw that pop-up South Africa and I was like get the fuck out of here. I immediately took a picture of it and send it the what are some of our top states and outside of California. How am I doing is Tokyo, California, Arizona and then New Jersey's, Georgia and Virginia? Thanks Hunters. Mom is Joan Miss Jones. Yeah, we got like, you know small percentage in a lot of the states. So it has basic California and Arizona so much that I got I got a question for you because we were talking about this earlier. How do you feel about that Public Enemy? Brachial? Do you want to talk about this Dad? Let's do it. All right. Let me just try to keep it short though. I'm set that is if you really are I mean That's not a good idea by Bernie Sanders to or I don't know I didn't even think of that. His poll numbers are tanked with the African-American. He's going down. You broke up Public Enemy. That is awful. Yeah. Now I'm upset no Originals upset because the group broke up, but now I'm upset that he lost the African-American bone has a they're probably definitely going to do like another flavor a little for sure. Okay. Now quick poll. Just this is quick quick pull the room better hype man. The American Kaiju are Flava Flav. Okay, cool. Fuck me, right. You know what you could be the next thing though the next Fink. Yeah as in the think as in Howard fake go. Yeah. Alright. Well dude when I'm when I'm 50 pounds in bald. I will trim the mustache. I will trip you. Whoa when I'm 50 pounds overweight and bald overweight involved. Never say it. So and our tag team right now say it. But still, you know nothing I don't want to end it speaking of like old-school announcers and all that stuff. So a good friend of mine grew up next door neighbors to John Cena and he still hangs out with him a lot. There is a golf course in Florida that apparently Mean Gene used to attend like he used to hang out at the Country Club a lot. And they named a drink after him. It's all I heard about it that tall glass of vodka with a drop of cranberry juice a drop and guess what? It's called. What is it called? The Okerlund? Yeah, Mean Gene doing it good for him. Dude. I'm old-school cats, man. That's it. You could put them down pour one out Devon. It looks like you have a lot to talk about. What do you got right now? Do I got right now? Everything he's all messed up over this coronavirus. I'm upset. I want to talk about it. No one wants to talk about we talked about it last week and I put it on the docket. Everyone said nope, and they cut it out. That's fair. I thought I was crazy. What's the company over there that we talked about last week in Japan? Yeah. What's that? Well, I started start the tsardom nowwe China startup canceled shows New Japan did to I know what we said. It's going to okay, you'll know it's getting next level of New Japan does. Yeah now I knew Japan cancel shows and then we were talking about WWE. I believe it was Stephanie or Triple H had said something about what you know, there's a contingency plan or there might have to be if they have to cancel WrestleMania. I just think it's crazy. I don't think we've ever experienced anything like that. And if they just today found I think it was two two cases of the coronavirus in in Tampa. So it's crazy to me. I think that's not so you gonna put 80,000 people in the stadium. There are publicly traded company if they get you know, thousands of people infected was that Their stock was that due to other events. It's just it's not the one of the main things because like I travel like I traveled so everything every time that I go to an airport now is like the craziest thing that I ever see it's like I'm seeing people with the mask. I'm seeing people like in like I actually seen somebody do like a bubble thing around them. Like it's crazy. It's unbelievable. Like like the way I say things is like the coronavirus is just as swine flu, it's all it they just haven't found. Found a cure. That's all it is. I'm not homeless the whole show is about the reason around the reason why let me tell you something fight fire conspiracy. Hmm. It's a fucking conspiracy bro. There's like all this chemical warfare is going I guarantee you somebody drop something and nobody knows sorry. I'm so ready for the I'm so ready to tank this podcast right now is so much going on. Yes. Yes in Wuhan like their major like CDC or whatever chemical thing is like right around the corner from where this thing happened. Where the where the The center is of this coronavirus and this is just stupid. This is done. But Resident Evil. I know if anyone's played Resident Evil, but the umbrella company World War II whatever it's called. It's like we're same bitch about a bitch same logo for this company and umbrella company. You know what? I mean? That's why I stopped see is little conspiracy. But yeah, I just shut that shit down. He just he just he just hand gestured us to shut up. Well, you guys were talking over each other. So, okay. Well, that's It was well, that's what you're doing now. Alright. Anyways that what else my friend anymore conspiracy theories? No forget you I'm not going to talk about actually I do I do have something to talk about. What's up. What about those reviews? Oh, you want to you want to read off some of the reviews from long ago those reviews? I didn't know we had reviews Mike's holding out on me. So these reviews are from Apple podcast, right? And the first one we had I believe is from our You sir? Because the name of the person is TW T DW which I believe is Ted. Oh shit. Is that what you figured it out? And it says talk to my hog. Love the show. Keep them coming Ted. We will Ted. Come on you really think about it. It's talk to my hug it keep it coming. Like let's go. Oh, oh then we got another one from I don't know how this thing. It's a alic Dan. And the title is Big Balls the most entertaining intro and all of wrestling today. Congratulations. They have hey, thanks big dong certainly the most entertaining wrestling related podcast currently interesting and funny stories from the Hogs men and some random redneck in parentheses. That's with two r's. Here's hoping Sunday the spark shooter and Kahneman clutch get applied on an unfortunate individual to be simply known as The Slaughterhouse. It's a little too much man Ox hotter a Just the podcast you should be subscribed to thanks bud. I'm sure you got that's took some time with that love that. Yeah, we know what damn next one we have is from metal 5 5 5 2002 the whole shit and it's titled we owe this shit is hilarious Keep It Coming sweet. Thanks metal. Thanks, bro. Yes. Yeah. Next one is from Hunter. Shut up. You're overtaking the podcast right there. Right? Next one. I think it was the Young Bucks. Right? Next one is from Owens long nuts. Oh nuts huge dicks swing. Wow, very impressive. That's it short and simple. Thanks long nuts. Yeah short and simple. Thank you. Did you just realize what you just did? All right cool walnuts. Thanks, man. So yeah, that's if you guys want to go on there and what do they do Ted? So just go to the Hogs met search Hogs men podcast an apple podcast and then hit that five stars and then click write a review. It says you got a girlfriend man. Like I just came we don't really know this guy. He has a girlfriend why he is the way the white. Oh shit. Does your wife know about your girlfriend? You're with someone. That's why when I saw your stuff going to Hawaii. I'm like yo, she let you go without her. That's kind of crazy. Like this is thing. We don't know Ted that well, we really don't have words for me. I'm pretty sure well. First of all don't give him your debit card pretty sure he's like single white feeling me. Mmm. Like I don't know what's going on in his beard is not his beard is gone way longer if you start asking what my mom's maiden name is, I'm gonna get on I'm gonna catch up to you bro. Yeah, you're gonna start getting emails from such-and-such Prince of somewhere. Prince of something back. Yeah, that's remind. Just get the anchor, you know. So how did your wife let you go to Hawaii without her. It's my brother's bachelor party weekend. So that's why I know that's not an excuse. You know what that's called Good Wife. Yeah. She is pretty awesome. I did. I don't know. I don't think I could be that good. I'd be like, you're going to Hawaii. Are you shitting me? And I'm gonna I'll stay home. I'll stay home. It rained here too. Did you remember your anniversary? Yeah, September 12th, man. Come on. Okay. There you go one day. Well, never forget exactly makes it easy to shut the fuck up. Yeah hundred what you want to do talk about pro wrestling and animals or what? No, you know what actually this is a great story not even great story. All right, so when hotter hotter, I like it hotter, let's talk about hake thanks an asshole. Well, you gotta go into detail about Hank. So Hank is my drunk Alter Ego that likes to come out and this past weekend. We all had a nice party. First some people's birthdays and Hank started. Well Hunter started drinking beer and then Hunter decided you wanted to start drinking moonshine and they will hunt her start drinking moonshine Hank started coming out and Hanks apparently as an asshole. He's an asshole. Isn't that so fuck you? Like I legit wanted to cut his throat. It was that bad really? So what is Hank do? I really don't know I passed out you blacked out or you pass that snow. Whatever right? Same thing. Oh shit bananas on for us. I know I keep talking while I'm doing this. He's got saussure's. Oh, he's got pictures. Okay. This is hake key put that on the can you send that to Ted? Ted will post this? Yeah, that's me. Did he piss his pants in that picture? Was it afterwards? He pissed his pants. I know better than to piss my pants. It's fucking lie. Yeah. Is my pants a lot I got one for you. Okay. Did you see these juicy Cody's neck tat? Can you talk to me about this choice of getting the the backed up thing or we stay away from that? Is he still hanging out contracts for aw? Yeah really off that one. Yeah, I think it looks great Cody Cody. You keep doing what you do, but Cody ear GIF killing. It looks awesome. Hey, Cody. I love you, bud. There you go. Look awesome, man. The only loves him. Hey, he's putting Make out for his company. Hey did it I don't know. I'm fine with it. He's a wrestler. I mean, it's not like he's ever gonna get a job as a banker who gives a shit. I just think the funniest comment I saw on Instagram was from a guy called Bill Makena who works for Mattel. He's like the WWE Elite Squad is a dinner and it was just too much Deco or it's like some stupid comment about others change the tortoise now, he hasn't said they just put out the new toys. So that's that's a bummer. Those toys are outdated awf. What who was it Jericho says he would always change his look that way. They had to keep putting out. Oh, that's awesome. Also, I think the best comment I saw on that was from a pillman's kid, Billy jr. Oh, he's he did a pretty good comment about about I don't have it on me. Maybe someone could look it up later. But yeah, I know. Yeah that's wearing that. We're in the company of you know, he's all he's all in basically, it's he's wrapping the company. There's no hiding it. So I thought that that was a pretty good answer for it, but Yeah. Hey man, looking tattoo bro. What else you guys want to talk about? Anything else going on? What do you want to talk about man? I'll talk about that is match this weekend. Were you wrestling that this weekend? Where my Restless we can I want to Rosella Pro? Yeah. That works. Right? We're horn see how yo, he's the best. Yeah, is he? Oh, he's so nice. He's he's a good dude. Sup. Good good. Yeah, I'll be fine. Yeah, we gotta this is you were talking about anniversaries early. This is the anniversary of zealot Pro. Wrestling so this little guys will be able to show. Yeah, I'll be your for them. They did. I mean I'm out. I don't like to talk about myself as you guys know, but I won the Z1 tournament last year and was their first-ever Champion Devon's basically been carrying that promotion on his shoulders shoulders just Goddamn one year one year. Yeah. I know. I lost I lost the title. So what it's still not sure but it was too crisp a I mean, I mean like that's gonna lose the belt crisp as not a bad person lose it too. So I have to start from scratch again. So warhorse round 1 March 7th, Arizona Phoenix Glendale. I don't know Tempe Tempe. It's in Tempe. Let's remember that the fuck are they running at? The there was a Sun Studio? Yeah Sun Studios. It's kind of a cool place, but it's a sound studio. So it kills the noise in there. Don't like that. Do you have a I mean, well you fucking wrestled like in Japan so that but you have like a favorite venue, maybe like more local Yak or can oh, sorry, local local. Yeah Cork and haul it home. It's close to my heart. So that's pretty ladies. Like hey, oh shit. Hey, what's up dog? Let's have a private conversation. Did you sign the Waldo? Did I sign the wall? Did I sign the wall a kiss the wall, dude? No, that's fair. I kiss the way and I'm strong style. So I put a hole in it with my uncle. There you go. So that's it. That's that's your answer Corrigan. Yeah Cork and ha that's definitely my favorite venue that I've ever us actually Osaka Sumo the Osaka Sumo. Jim was pretty good too. So I'm good with that. Say the same thing even know we're talking about local do whatever you want. All right, you fucking killed it. He liked over. What did you want me to say? I don't know level of pro wrestling school March 15th. Come check it out. And it's my favorite venue here locally the Ukrainian Center that I GC W Barnes is really dope. Was that a it's over and it's off of Melrose and it's off of Melrose. I know I know. Yeah, no shit that it's really fucking dope. Um, I'm trying to think of some other ones standing said he did you wrestle ECW Arena. That's all right, Devin. I'm not talking. Oh, yeah, you did. Okay, how'd you like that? He lives in Philadelphia for all your lives in Philly. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I don't like talking about myself. But I mean even if you liked what do you like what I've seen you're here for A decade. No, I was out there for like four years. Okay. Yeah, that's that's the one I want to jump off having like with my career. I've moved out there I drove from the San Diego all the way to Philly. Damn. Yeah, I didn't like when I was like I'm done with this fucking dirty a city. I was like, wow, I love cheese cakes or cheesesteaks cheesecakes and then drove all the way back, but you love Callie Bruno's more obviously show. So how do you like so where would you put the the ECW Arena? I would go. I will go Kirk and first and then ECW Arena just because of like history stuff. Like that would be my second. Yeah, what about the pwg the original the receipt of yeah, this is top 10 more 10 know. Okay. I'm going to shit. All right, but it's definitely she's gonna find fuck it fuck it was his name-o. There was a dick. So it was like fuck him. Yeah the fucking old man. Hmm. Yeah, my answer guys is nothing compared to what you guys had. I like I like I always like to can you said can you edit Hunters voice out of this episode? It's not worth it. I always liked the were ewf runs in Covina. Yeah, the Knights of Columbus. I was like that place. It's told the crowd was just always really really fun and the The way to venue goes is gone, which is always a fun fun venue when I was there. Where is it? Yeah, could you know, right yeah is West Covina? Yeah, it's good place and rest for a long long time. But oh well see what happens. Laughs amazing. Last time. I rest in you DM this to them and just like as this is this how you ask for jobs. That's fine. What is that it to them like, hey guys, by the way new gimmick new look I'm talking now, but one here run your story. So horse they were ewf was. Was running in San Diego on a Cinco de Mayo. This is was this downtown? Yes. Yes looks it was that flux. Yep. Got you. Was it four years ago four years ago. So it was a Cinco de Mayo show. They wanted to be like a looter show and it was at flux. And anybody that's not from San Diego flux is a it was a big night club. There's a really hot like nightclub spot and they Put on a new show that night and I hit up Jake and I go. Hey, man, you know, I'm from San Diego. I'm in the industry the nightclub and it I've know a lot of people I could probably a lot of people in you got any spot. You got a spot that I could, you know, get him on that and he was like No And I was like, all right, man. No big deal. And then like a day or two before actually, I think like a day before he goes he hits me up and he goes. Hey, can you get this generic Lucha gear that Jeff. Do you know from So Cal Pro had can you get that and I have a spot for you. I'm like, yeah sure and they had actually use Jeff's ring from So Cal Pro because the ewf ring was too big for the dance floor and the sixth thing. This is yeah, Jeff 16 and I was like, yeah, I got it and went down there and Jay they put me up against a resting Lucha getting toxic and they're like, yeah, we want you to put on this. This Lucci gear. I want you to be healed. I never been heel. I never worked heel, but I knew the crowd right? This isn't a crowd that came here for wrestling. This is a crowd that came here because it's a hot night club and there just happens to be wrestling going on. Right so get out there and I man, let me tell you young wrestlers who have never worked under a mask working on our mask is the funnest time you'll ever have in your life. You experienced that too many races. So yes, I was on a mess. So I go out there and am I doing like the greatest he'll like old school he'll stuff. No because this crowd doesn't give a fuck about that. I'm just going out there and just having a lot of fun and I think this ring and you actually can't do much because there's an LED light system about two feet above your head. So you can't really like do too much. Much right. Anyways, I'm just you know, having fun all this kind of stuff and like my wife ended up showing up with a bunch of friends and I'm playing to them and my wife didn't even know who I was and so I go back and Jake comes up to me and goes you suck as a heel and I'm like, okay like you guys as a face, you know, you're good, you know what you're doing but as a heel you have No idea what you're doing and I'm like, okay, like that's all I could like. Well then why didn't you book me as a face? Why didn't you book me as Mike Camden, you know, and anyways, that was my first experience of the heel and apparently I sucked at it. Well world's greatest Ruto was not the greatest root. Oh, you're the greatest Prudhoe now. Yeah and people understand it. And then I got booked again of vwf to wrestle our friend drill Nelson. Mmm in a a room outside in December that I had previously wrestled the year before and almost caught hypothermia. So and then that day of I get a text from Jake saying hey, how tall are you and I'm like six one he goes. Okay. Unfortunately, we got to move the show inside and this shows the ceilings too low and we can't we can't use you and I'm like that's got to be a joke. I just wrote back. Okay, and I've never heard from ewf again. That's gotta be a joke guys. Shout out to ewf Jake. How does that work? I mean, what's so what it What was the tallest guy? They had on the show five seven. I don't know but because what's a what's a big enough difference dude? I'm sorry if I'm in a low sitting low sill, and I know what the fuck didn't do like and Matt Russell. Yeah, but anyways, draw Nelson what up, bud? I haven't seen you in a while still waiting for that major. Sorry wonderful. Hey Dev, it's up. Dog. Guess who were having on our show next week. Are we having leave a secret? Don't tell me are we saying that why you want to know why not build it up dog? All right, who we having? So we were fortunate to train with the son of a Lucha Legend named Dominic was also known as da Mysterio jr. We're going to have on the show next week. He's never done a podcast before. So we basically got to break this Greenie in yeah, that's me. Just like just like you did with Kay with who? Okay. Oh, yeah, no problem in you forgot Kane. So we're doing a chop line or how we doing this are we traveling and all that? Oh, no, man ever got some chops on. Yeah, so that's gonna be fun. Be sure to tune in for that episode. Anyways Hunter oh Hunter again. How's life going? Pretty good? Really? You've been quiet whole goddamn time ready for this weekend. What's happening this weekend? March 7th Regulators Mount up Imperial Beach. I'm in a 6 6 man tag myself and True Grit versus the Millennials every video. I see if you online on Instagram or Twitter is wrestling the same fucking person. Normally Mike. Who's that person Mike Camden? Every time know it's not like it used to be my camera. You've been wrestling someone else recently. By the way, can I say this real fast the other night? I was having a I was just doing little call it the ring matches with two of the students and one of the students comes in for a pin and just drops in. Oh, well my nuts which one which one Leo and I got married that motherfucker. I got here and I go you've been training with Hunter. Haven't you Jordan dog? Everything is smooth. You had three matches with Jordan in the last like three weeks. He's polishing the Up who's polish on him? All your polish and him up. Okay, get them better. I'm just making sure he's a good kid. Oh, you were Hank. Oh, no. Thanks not allowed in the rest of the meringue he but he was a breaking shit. Yeah guarantee you a penguin dress like you would be blackballed we go out. You start wrestling new people or what's up. I mean one day I'm going to have a match with Devin Sparks. I'ma shoot on him - I got the pen dude. This is not letting you rest of me. Are you? Oh, no word when he was talking about the when he gets the Guinness World Record for Pins. Oh, I kind of wanted dude. I'm untouchable at that point. I kind of wanna wrestle me when I have the Guinness World Record for Pinto. I said, I want to be the person who wrestle. I don't know you want. Okay. Yeah, let's go nowhere near that record not getting pin that many times. What what here's why here's why first of all I'm going to carry that with me. You think I'm not going to talk about that record everywhere. Think about Think about Owen slammys think about Kurtz Metals. I'm gonna be the I'm gonna forever forever. I will be a Guinness World Record holder ever No One's Gonna Stop it. I'll go out the next night. I'll come in here to train. I'll pin some 150 more times on camera doesn't even matter doesn't even matter. But if you want to lose to me and get if you want to get pin that me times, you're more than one down dude, 100% Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Yo shit serious. This is getting real for like you see you. So you're looking at each other to this. Oh this look at Oh, by the way, you know why I've got beef with them. You know, why why because online on Russell encounter we talked about this last week. He put himself over as a husband a chill on wrestling how you can create a bio and he said that he was one fourth of the Hogs been so the guy who owns the website what go ahead speak. Yeah. Well the guy who owns the website heard the podcast and put out a tweet was like Hey, you know, these guys are real nice guys and his Hunter guys basically impersonating a Hogs Like should I edit their his profile to delete it? And I said, oh, yeah. I said yes several people said yes, and so before he could do it apparently and allegedly honor changed it but no only one person agreed to it. Now is Devon Devon was only person that says something about it. I don't even think Mike said anything about know it was retweeted. It was retweeted but and liked anyway those likes can so I changed it and I said not officially Hogs man, but they let me hang out at the podcast those it. Oh, so you're like the fucking light. I'm the little brother that nobody want on the little piggy as they call me. That's fair. Was it gonna be fucking poser? Yeah. I know. It's supposed to be fucking poser. I said change the poser effing poser. Sorry cover your ears kids. If you're with your parents in the car listening to this. Mrs. Hunter doesn't that cussing? I know mrs. Han adobo is she's pissed you guys. Why would her last she made her last name is not Freeman. She's divorced for my dad. She doesn't feel out. Okay free woman. Mystery Woman College eyes. Sorry Hunters. Mom. Yeah, mine honor Jesus Hunters. Mom got really mad about it. She said tell them that is like Hank. She saw him once yeah, what'd she think about it? She hates him too. I heard her name is Harriet. My mom my mom drink Straight Tequila. Like that's what she really does. Just nothing but straight to here. Yeah, she came to our house ankle and she came she came to your house. Yeah, just drink Straight Tequila dog, and she was like, where's the tequila? I was like, yes. Ma'am Hank and Harriet just added with the Moonshine. Yeah, Mama. Joan came to my house. Wow. I brought some southern food and we were grabbing. Oh she brought food, right? We're good. Hey, and I said, where's the tequila and such a story? Hey, this is that fatal 4-way. We're in. With a cholo and Infidel. Oh, yeah at so calpro. So Hunters mom is in the audience, right? So I'm in so I'm in the ring lighten up Hunter in a corner and corner or a hundred goes go over there. My mom's over there like you fucking Mark. So I fucking pull his ass over to the fucking corner. He wants to go to a certain lightness a stuff over there. So I just thought that was funny Google. They're my mom's over there trying to give her show. She flew all the way out here asshole. And then when I super Flex his ass wasn't Marilyn Monroe was a recording and hurt his mom freaked out don't do that. Shit is awesome. Awesome, man. What about the the Del Mar Fair spot? We did that one time which was the kiss the hand gimmick. That was so much fun. They have the hand the head the bollocks. Yeah doing what you never heard the story. No, it's pretty great. So I was reading number of Daniel Bryan put out that book his biography or whatever was so I read it and he said the spot it's called the hand that had the bollocks. He learned it over in England, of course. so what you do is a heel is you shitcan the face out and we try to come back in you stomp on his hand all right the face cells the hand walks over to a female in the crowd and and you ask them to kiss your hand right make it all better so hopefully that female in the fan will you know participate and do it unknowingly then you he'll face tries to get in again and you kick him in the head punch him in the head do whatever once again the the face goes to that same female and asked to get kissed on the head and hopefully they'll participate then eventually the face the face will outwit the he'll get back in the ring shitcan the face of the heel out amazing and then the heel comes back in may be yelling at the crowd right in between the ropes face comes up Kicks the fucking rope right into your dick aka the bollocks and you sell you're doing this at the next show you sell your dick right you saw your balls and then you walk over to the same female that has just been kissing The face is hand and head and you ask them to kiss your balls and that's that's what we did at the Del Mar fair, but we had a plan a knowing the plant so my friends came and they're like, yeah, we're with this girl who I used to work with and she's which is way cool and I go hunter if we go out there. I'm going to point this girl out and we're going to do this and he goes, okay. So this is this is the match with with with honky. All keys on the apron getting pissed off at us because we're running too long. So we do it and the girl. Fell for it basically I was like, I know this girl will fall for it. I know she'll do it and she did it and it worked out beautifully and then honky got mad at us because we're going to long so who's bollocks that she kiss and nobody's nobody's bottles got kissed. Those are my hockey was on the apron goddamnit kids. It's hot out here. Let's take it home. That's funny. Yeah, it's a good little spot. There's a lot of little spots man. If you just know the right crowd you can use it. Yeah Hunter had a right though speaking to take it home. I think I think we've reached the end. This week's podcast for the most part unless you have anything else to add now, man is good time. You got any so we got Ground Zero coming up for March 7th, March 7 eyes. I will I will not be there you yeah, where will you be? I'll be up in Big Bear. It is my wife's birthday this weekend. So I remembered one of the special days. Yes nice and I'll be in Arizona. Good luck florizel pro-wrestling. Don't you for Horse beat stress War Horse won't be my last. You're going you're fucking going Hockey style. I'm going hiking sweet Yeah, clean sweep all the way the championship. Once again. We got this anything else. No, let's see ya. Oh, I will I will not be here. What are we pushing for? As far as where can we be reached where can you hit us up on Instagram Twitter Etc several ways to subscribe to the show Hogs men pod. Dot-com is very important. Also at Hogs men pod Twitter and Instagram hit us up five star ratings are appreciated on Apple podcast, but we're everywhere you listen Apple podcast Google podcast Spotify, of course, but yeah everywhere Hogs men pod.com for all that info. We're killing them in total. We have our own.com. Yeah, that's it. Got me real mad now Dev hip all right, we're going to we're going to take it home this has been the halogen podcast talk to the hog if you think you're going to get the tip you got to take the whole hog adios