Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money fromPodcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you guys? It's Liza and I'm Cami. It's laughs. It's funny. I don't know why I said it like that because it's the best. It's so weird. Now, you nailed it nailed it. Alright, so after sickness and weird schedules and just you know in general adult life. Yeah, we're back. We are we are so we're talking about anxiety today guys. I mean what a way to follow a bar brief episode with anxiety. It's all applicable. I promise. We're still funny. These anxiety personalities are yes, so basically in doing this. I thought it would be a good idea. I'm like looking at it now. I'm like is this a good idea? It's really creative. Okay, so my weird brain said what if I could like make my anxiety a person? Yeah, like what would they say? What would they look like right like that? What's the movie? What's the kids movie about emotions inside out? Yeah. You inside outed your anxiety. I did I added my anxiety. Hey, sometimes you have to well fun fact therapy is really good for you. Yeah. And after I started going to therapy, I started thinking about my anxiety this way and I feel like it gives you a little bit of power over it I think so, I think like probably imagining it as a person makes it a bit more tangible. Yeah, which would give you that control. Yeah. So so basically we're each gonna share what our anxiety personified is going to be. We're going to name our anxiety talk about it would wear what it's catch phrases like ridiculous things that you would talk about. Like if you're writing a character for a book you wouldn't want to know all of these things. Yeah to kind of build the world around them. So and I think it's fitting because at 32 the more people I speak to the more I realized there are a ton of people who deal with anxiety. Yes even people that I would never ever ever suspect. Yeah, they deal with it and the more you get some people to open up about it the more you realize It's a constant battle for them. Yeah, so I think it's totally valid that we have an episode on this especially for you know, our students are our former students because for their generation it almost seems more acceptable. Yes to kind of own it and you know talk about it. But for Our Generation, I don't I don't think it's as acceptable. I think a lot of people our age confused anxiety with stress. And yeah, I'm just stressed. Yeah when in all actuality T there's nothing in your life actually stressing you out like worthy of stressing you out. It's just you living with this right unexplained thing, you know. Yeah, they don't know how to You know, yeah bring it to light. So I mean I've seen like super successful people and you know, like Charming charismatic and then to hear them talk about their anxiety. I'm like YouTube. Yeah. Well, that's yeah, but it's kind of comforting to know that it's you know, it's that much of a norm. Yeah, but then maybe it shouldn't be comforting that everyone deals with it. I don't know. I don't know. I feel like there's I've done a lot of Googling on anxiety and it can it does present itself in different. Yeah, there obviously are different levels of anxiety. But the first time let's what is that noise? Oh. It's your anxiety so much anxiety what noise had another don't hear anything if you would be willing to share I will share but the first time I realized what I was struggling with was anxiety was when I started to feel like super claustrophobic. Yeah in public out in the open, but there were people around right. So I remember being a total bitch to my coworkers. we were at a conference a few years ago because I thought I was just hangry which I mean, let's be honest that's probably part of the reason but we were in this Auditorium with thousands of people and they had not opened the doors for us to go to lunch, but it's almost like like when you land the plane and all the assholes stand up because the plane has landed everybody was standing moving toward the door and I had this moment of panic where I was just like I can't get Doubt I came out and I started being really bitchy to my co-workers just saying. Well, I have to go to the bathroom well, but like being really Huffy with them and really short and they're like, whoa, what is wrong with you? They're like, we need to get you some lunch use hangry, but the more I looked at them like that's actually a pattern this happens when I get in high-stress situations. I get really bitchy at angry for no reason I get in a bad mood for no reason and that's kind of a like a precursor to Like anxiety getting a little really serious. Yes. So, you know is a lot of notice for me. There is a like distinct physical reaction when I started feeling super anxious and my body like starts shaking and it doesn't happen a lot. I can't like I can't even say like, yeah, I struggle with with anxiety, but I can't say that there have been a few moments in my life where I know that that's probably what it was and it's just from saying yes to everything. Uh, yeah, you know like a lot especially at work. Yeah, you know and I wish that somebody I wish sometimes people could follow us around with a camera and know exactly I don't know exactly all the decisions that were making if you could hear everything in our brains that's constantly going and it's just like yeah, I can do that. Yeah, I can do that. Yeah, I can do that and then after a certain point it all builds up and then my body starts shaking like and I can feel it. It's like when you're really sick and you get like cold chills. Yeah cannot get your body, too. Still yes, that's exactly what it's like for me like an earthquake. Hmm and and my to like co-worker like they're on my team we work so closely with each other that they've called it out in me before. Yeah, and they're just like, you know, you need to go sit down drink some water whatever but I've also talked to other people who have said when when it starts happening to them. It may feel like they're suffocating like you said. Yes, like Like everything's kind of zoning in you know, like closing in on them and they can't breathe. Yes racing thoughts another big one too. And I've only ever seen one person have a true panic attack and that was our speech coach's daughter. Yeah at a speech competition and that was I mean, it was traumatic to watch like she she could barely breathe like it was like watching someone suffocate. Yeah, and they had to get her to lay down and like hold her until she could breathe properly and they gave her medicine. Sin, and then about 30 minutes later. She was feeling fine. Yeah, but that you seemed so terrifying. Yes don't you know for someone to really struggle with that but I wish that someone had maybe set us down when we were in high school and kind of said hey thing, this is the exists and this is what it looks like. Yeah, I know and if you start experiencing this this is probably how it's going to feel which I think is kind of the whole point of our podcast. Yes, you know, let us try and prepare you for the way things might feel one day, you know, yeah because heaven forbid are all of our freaking suffering be in vain with no purpose. Yes. So learns selfish episode you guys learn from us one interesting fact, I this was not something I Googled on my own. I will WebMD ish with my Googling sure, um, like hypochondriac mhm style, you know, like the pros and I tried to Out doing that but my therapist actually shared with me why having an anxiety like an on-set like anxiety attack not like a full-blown like panic attack why it does the things it does to our body and she was like do you want an anatomy lesson? I'm like, please tell me why I'm broken. Give me the thing is yes, and so she said that it's all about our fight and flight but fight or flight mode you like our sympathetic nervous system parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous. A system that's like a really fancy with sympathetic enough of right. It was sympathetic. Anyways, well write a song later stay tuned that will be in our extras that we never make but a remixes. Yes, so she said whenever our body senses that it's in danger, you know, the whole shebang starts happening our blood starts pumping it starts going away from the tasks that are not that important in our body to the things that matter like our muscles like our brain like our eyesight are It says because they have to be on high alert and ready to run or attack or whatever that we need to do if we are in legitimate danger, and so basically when our blood rushes away from the things that we need our stomachs start to turn we start to get nauseous. So you start to feel like short of breath. Yeah, I get a little dizzy when you're Your what is rushing away from certain things like it just kind of throws you off equilibrium a little bit and then another big symptom for me personally is when I start to feel like I have tunnel vision. Yeah. We're like, I'll see one bright spot and then everything else kind of Fades out of focus. It doesn't necessarily go pitch black but it starts to make me really nauseous and nervous. Yeah, and so that's because our body is reacting like we are in danger. The only way to calm it down. Here's just quick fast facts for you guys is breathing. Oh the thing that quite literally Keeps Us Alive. Yeah is the thing that just to get the holidays down being the shitty part is it takes twice as long to calm yourself down as it is to get all riled up because your parasympathetic nervous system that is in charge of calming all your senses. Hmm, it needs to you know, calm down gradually because if you are an actual danger your body. Needs to be able to snap back, right so breathing slowly counting slowly focusing on something. If you got like an essential Earl, if you're like Karen at church with bag essential oils breathing sin, Kieran Kieran, Carol Tamaki. I'm Carol with Young Living dude sign out a student told me that a sub was looking at him like a whole ass carrot said it just like that. He said she was looking at me like a whole ask Karen not a half a scarran know a whole ass on are and how bold to say the word ass. But then again I couldn't stop laughing. That's probably where he found that boldness and it's amazing. Yeah. So anyways, but knowing how things happen now that kind of makes me feel a little less insane true. So just fun facts guys. That is that is scientific here, right? You're not just crazy guys. You're not just crazy I are just Having an anxiety attack. It's just sign body is just rebelling against you. Yeah, and it's normal prep take a breath calm down sit down. And breathe. Why don't you why don't you why don't ya anyway, so like Bobby's World. I love Bobby's World these mom. We went to Minnesota don't you know when year and I practiced my Minnesota accent. Oh, no, it's really nice. Also, fun fact about Minnesota new in town. Have you seen that movie with Renee Zellweger? No, and what's-his-face, is it a rom-com Harry Connick jr. It's amazing takes place in New Ulm Minnesota. Okay, and they have a factory stop and they are responsible for manufacturing getting lightheaded. I think you're giving me like yogurt. And everybody can see your facial reactions. She just kind of perks up my anxiety. That's not why anxiety. It does not have a Minnesota accent. I wish I did if my anxiety were from, Minnesota. Her name would be Blanche. And she would love tapioca. Scrap, why are you so good at this a lot of practice? That's so good. I'm like a parrot. I love it and I repeat it. I love it. Anyways, all right. All right. So so let's talk about these anxiety personalities. Oh my God, so good. Alright, so let's start it off. Okay, if your anxiety was a person, what would her name be? Wanda Just like that, huh Wanda. That's so bold bold because she's annoying and in my head off the freaking time. No, I told Cammy before we started I feel like I have two different versions of my anxiety. One of them is just straight-up anxiety and the other one is like a mixture that's like, you know, beautiful mixture of anxiety and depression. Okay, and that once name would be something really Meek like I don't know. Okay, that is Meek. You know, yeah Sarah with just an a not an H because that's too much that is that's a lot. He just needs to be a little yeah, we just need to shorten her just for letter poor little Sarah. She's 12 and she has braces. Okay, what about you? Mine would be named book Therese Therese. Just Therese. Is she from New Jersey. No, we don't know where she's from. Okay, but her name is Therese and we don't know where she's from because she doesn't like to give out her information. Okay, that's how anxious she is. Oh my God. You don't need to know anything about her. It's not Teresa. Oh my God, it's just Therese. Oh my gosh. She's very stringent. Like she looks like her Skin is dry who is probably a little malnourished dress? Uh-huh doesn't know how to laugh at a joke takes things. But seriously, what are they? She doesn't know Theresa. The said she doesn't have time for that. Okay. So what would Wanda where Wanda? Like choke on that name before it's over. Let's see. I wrote down several things a tracksuit. Hmm with rhinestones on the track suit. Yes. Oh my God, probably a big old W like monogrammed on like the back or on like the look. I was imagining like juicy on the ass. Yes, okay, but instead of Juicy it says help me. Help me. The Wonder Boys. I also said ripped jeans. Like there's Wanda her fancy going out. Where is atraxi with her eyes? That's like date night. Yes date night one lipstick on her teeth, you know real trashy looking. Yeah. What are the old shoes all shoes like I'm sinking. So imagine like a not as glitzy tracksuit like a just a basic like ha Suits wetsuit from Walmart. Yeah, and the old house shoes that look like elf shoes without a like twirly tip on the end. That's what she would wear saying either that or like old ass loafers. Dang wanted not playing that know you I feel like Wanda would beat up Therese. Oh she would have she really would absolutely. Okay. What about to Reese? Therese only wears business suits. I was gonna say Cardigans nose. That her cash Cardigans are too casual. She's very serious. And where's business suits all the time. Ooh. Yes pantsuits skirt suits pantsuits and they're either black or maroon. That's it. No Pinstripes you lacquer maroon not hunter green because I'm gonna turn that too and she wears a minimal make-up. She's too serious. She doesn't have time for all this over makeup is like chapstick chapstick one layer of mascara. That's it. With some frosted I know I'm not even that not even that what what do you take her for a Wanda? I mean Teresa only has time for mascara. That's it. So you wanted doesn't wear makeup. Wanda just has lipstick on her teeth with no explanation of how it got there Wanda just wears her old leather bag of a face and just leather bag of face. Here. I am. What would Wanda's catchphrase be? Yeah, shut your pie hole. Like Brash. Oh, yeah, like some spit coming out with yes. Shut your pie hole that's in shut your pie hole. That's it. I like it. Yeah, it seems fitting and if you haven't caught on like this this version of my anxiety is the one that bosses me around I see you know, that is so interesting. Yeah, it's really interesting to think about it. And yeah, it's interesting to think of your anxiety being loud. Yes, like oh yeah mines busy, but it's not loud. Loud annoyingly. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, so it's crazy. That is crazy. But I like it. Okay, Therese Teresa's catchphrase would just be it's fine. It's fine whether she's mad or there's a house burning down behind her. Yeah. You just killed her dog. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. You need her to stay late at work. It's fine. Just she like twiddle her. Her fingers like a squirrel when she says it now. She just shakes her head left and right real fast. It's fine. Oh my God, it's fine. And sometimes it sounds like there's a question mark at the end. It's fine. Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. Shut your pie hole. It's not fucking everything is in chaos. It's fine. It's fine. Oh my God. Keep going. We'll keep going. It's fine. Oh my could you imagine? Could you imagine having sex with Therese? It's fine. How is that? It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's she's just agitated all mine. It's fine. Oh my gosh, man. All right, so where would want to live? Okay, like describe her house. What will it look like? Okay from the outside did I explain the outside? I know I don't think so. Okay. Well, let me get let me just read your description. Yes, so all right, very very specific. All right. Wanda's house for lack of better words is as cluttered as as fuck as cluttered as father. It is cluttered with a shit ton of tchotchkes. If you don't know what tchotchkes are. It's just like Weird Collectibles like the little figurines you would see like the Dollar Tree or an old like estate sale or whatever tons of them. I imagine that they're all clown based because I'm terrified of clowns hate them on all of her sofa. She has like the old-school plastic furniture covers and all of her sofas are very like plush, but they're incredibly uncomfortable and they Have ugly floral prints on them terrible. She would have a computer that resembled like the first computer ever made. That's about as big as a mini fridge nice on top of a table and it's fine. Just imagine a mini-fridge set on top of a table and that's one is computer. Her house would be littered with piles of old newspapers and phone books that are just there. They're just they're Everywhere imagine like hoarders gone wild paper Edition. It's just my cache tag. Save the forest Wanda destroyed many forests with her clutter. Okay, and her thing that she loves is Jiffy Pop like the old-school Jiffy Pop that you have to make over the stove. Hmm, so it could catch fire at any moment. And so at any moment all of her cluttered Newspaper phone book clown collection could just go up in Flames like it's waiting offender. Yes, so she always interview pop. So she not in addition to the lipstick on her teeth. She also has like corn kernel Rose doo doo doo real cute. And then the Pas De La Resistance, it would smell like clove cigarettes. Yes, because she chain smokes clove cigarettes. Listen, I like a psycho because no one chain smokes clove cigarettes. I may have changed smoke love cigarettes. I mean one semester once in one semester, it's fine. It's fine. Then I got not cool. Yeah, like I'm tired of smoking Christmas. It's just they they just tasted so sweet. Uh-huh, and then they stopped selling them. But if they had been marketing them to Children, yeah for those you have to be careful of those fruity flavors. You really do. Well that is pretty intense. No Theresa's home actually doesn't exist because she lives at work at her. Oh, she never leaves work. She works in an office. Okay, and she's always there and she does have snacks though. Her favorite snack is to just take a spoonful of peanut butter and eat it and because she doesn't enjoy food. She doesn't eat because she enjoys food she eats to for sustenance. Yeah, that's it. So she knows she needs a little bit of protein take a scoop of peanut butter drink some water. She's good. Keep working. It's fine. Oh my gosh, it's fine. Who? I know it's her desk and I said meet. Yes, of course like it's neat, but it's boring. It's not anything you want to look at. Like is it like OCD neat? Like she knows yours the distance between like her paperclip. No, it's not OCD need. It's just like forever neat but it's not personalized at all. Like she could drop dead and stop working and someone could come in and sit at that desk and just pick up where she left off, right? It just looks like somebody stock the desk with standard supplies that are always there. I should never runs low on supplies. She sleep ever know. Okay, nope. No sleep. For dreams. I feel like we're learning a lot about each other. There's only leaving for to Reese. No sleep for to Reese. I'm thinking of yeah Wanda she sleeps but only on a very small part you guys want a straight up from Hoarders? Okay, imagine like a queen size bed and two thirds of it are clever. Third Wish it close that she doesn't want to wash. Yeah, she sleeps on that remaining sliver and there's just a path through the newspapers and phone books from the door to that sliver of mattress. Well, does she have room to hang out with people that she entertain friends people? Oh, does she not hang out with anybody? I mean she does but she doesn't enjoy it. This. This is like kind of like Weezer from yes from filming the yeah. So tomorrow is Except for without the nice part like Weezer kind of has a nice heart down deep inside. Yeah and a dog want to hates animals. She doesn't want animals because she can barely take care of her freaking self. Okay, but the people she would consider quote-unquote friends would be very old women. She would be the young one in the group. These old ones are staying would be like on their last leg Yeah, like almost kind of like if she were to go vote. And tear at a home. Yeah, and they would play like bridge and eat at nasty ambrosia salad. Hmm, and it's their job to know everybody's business, right and they want to know what is business. Right? So Wanda tells them business that is not true to throw them off the side. I love that part about Wanda. Yeah. That might be my favorite part about us not playing. I love that. Well Therese has no friends. Okay, she doesn't need friends because she has work. She has work and a scoop. Of peanut butter. That's all she needs just keeps going and going and going to need friends. She has her pantsuits. That's right. Her pantsuits keep her warm and it's fine. It's fine. Where does she keep her pantsuits? If she lives at work are they folded neatly in her drawer? No, she would never fold her pantsuit. Does she have one of those flights? She gets them laundered and then keeps them in a closet. Okay. I'm picturing Wieck, you know, the Murphy Beds yet fit up in the wall. I'm picturing like yeah Murphy closet that Folds down and has like all of them when they fold up right hanging like down right below each other and there's just a ton of into good hanging thing. Yeah. I think you just nailed it. All right to Reese. That's what Teresa says you Therese and if Therese were to hang out with a celebrity or a public figure or if I would try and identify her with someone I would say like she idolizes someone like Nancy Pelosi like she's got a picture. Sure of Nancy Pelosi in her office and that's like who shoot, you know, like there's what picture of Jesus and then there's picture of Nancy Pelosi. Okay, and that's like her goal. That's what you know, yeah, like when Nancy Pelosi ripped up those papers. Oh, yeah, like hell yeah, you know, like that was her most intense reaction to anything in her life ever. Probably I have to say when she ripped up that paper. I pictured that old meme that say fuck it. It's Friday like just kidding a Thursday. I need that. On the floor. I don't even remember saying actually no, I actually need these. I'm on National Television. But but yeah, she has yeah Teresa what I just feel like it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. We'll just print out another one. Yeah. Well Wanda her celebrity doppelganger. I would say would be ass tell ya from Friends Joey's Asia. Nice. It's a stealth right have you seen? Miss mazal. Yes. Okay marvelous her yes her agent. Yeah what she also hang out with Wanda. Yes. Okay would be her only true for oh, I like Bob is that her name? I think so roller and that they would be like chain-smoke does want to smoke? Yeah. I wanted to change my clothes to go. Okay. That's right. Yes. Okay. It's important to note as well because coming up next is the kind of car. She would drive. Mmm. It would be a very old beat-up Town Car old. Yeah, like I don't even know. Model it would be like it wouldn't have like bucket seats. It would have like the flat one. The flat ones looks like you could take the seats out and place it directly into a booth at a Chinese restaurant is yes, that's the kind of car. I want to drive - it's got leather interior. And in those leather seats y'all they all are riddled with clove cigarette Burns. Okay, and to cover up the burns. She's sporting those old ass wooden beads Deep Cover. They kind of like roll. Yeah move on young a butt massage when he stood up. She's like help me. You can't see what I'm doing. I'm like rocking back and forth. I need to stop it's fine. Do you know it's gonna be great you don't need to stuff and she probably has a bunch of those old gross looking Christmas tree air fresheners hanging on like color yellow. Okay, but the yellow ones are bomb because they're coconut. Yeah, but mix-up with the clove cigarette. You got a problem and the smell of burnt Jiffy Pop. I don't know. We're talking a pleasant drive down. Okay. Oh, man. Well Therese would drive a Toyota Camry. It would probably be it would probably be I don't know maybe in 1998 Toyota Camry and it's paid off. Of course it is because it's fine. Yeah, it's fine. It's immaculately clean. I keep all my peanut butter right jars. There's nothing in there. No, sir. Strands of hair no gum wrappers, no chapstick. She had plastic sheet like seat covers. No, she's not that crazy. But the only thing in there that shows any personality is like a black ball Point pen. Well, that's it. Just your average big pin wild. Nothing crazy. No g2s in that car on you can get in bulk. Oh, yeah, and yeah, but she's not she's not messy. So there's not a bulk of them in there. It's just one for when she goes to deposit her. X whoo. Oh, yeah. Whoo! Oh, yeah. Okay. Does she have a smartphone? No, does she have any kind of cell phone? No. No, so no cell phone if she needs to communicate with anybody. She just gets on the web on her computer on her laptop. What kind of laptop does she have one of those Acer's from work Mom? Oh my gosh. Okay. Would Therese drink Starbucks? Buck's she would what was she order black coffee an Americano Just a black coffee No Nonsense just a black coffee. Will she drink her coffee? Cold? No. Okay. No hyping hot scalding hot. Oh God. She doesn't waste time. Yes, as soon as you hand it to her. That shit is down at like 3 minutes with her. She has no taste buds. Yeah, that's why she eats so she only eats peanut butter nothing else. Okay. Well Wanda is high maintenance AF when she goes to Starbucks. I'm thinking a caramel macchiato with twice the caramel and half-and-half instead of milk. No ice extra. Whip. Oh my God, like some weird other syrups that don't go with caramel macchiato, but she wants it. Yeah, or just a nasty green tea Frappuccino, which is disgusting. Those really are gross they are but but that's what she wants. So what Wanda man doesn't want London gets you better give it to her. I'm terrified of Wanda. Yeah, so that's that's my anxiety. I love Wanda and it you know, it's really got me wondering what we just learned about each other. Yeah, you know that it is so interesting because in my head everyone's anxiety looked more like Therese, you know what I mean? No, like I'm shocked to hear that someone else has anxiety is so much louder interesting, but it does make sense. Yeah, you know like now that we're discussing it. It makes way more sense, but for our former students and current students if any of you are listening, I definitely encourage you to do this little practice. Well, yes fun. Yeah, and I enjoyed it and I think it's something that I'm going to come back to mentally, you know, like in those moments of anxiety. I would not be surprised if I didn't start imagining, you know this other persona and kind of helping and maybe even that would be a tactic to help you slow down and breathe. Yeah, you know if you just Imagining that person and what they would be doing in that situation. So if you find yourself dealing with some anxiety, maybe you could try this out or just discuss it with a friend or let's think even more meta On our cruise that we went on this past summer, there was a hypnotist and if you don't know much about hypnotism, you probably are like that's some hokey shit. What on Earth is that like quit smoking and 90 days with right hypnosis program, but it's actually a lot like meditation except for the focus is not on your breathing its on keeping your mind active when I was doing this I thought Maybe the next time I'm having like an anxious moment or whatever I could do kind of a meditative exercise where I sit and I imagine Wanda sitting down in the middle of her living room wiping her seat cushion or like her plastic covers on her furniture organizing her like newspapers, maybe even taking out the trash for once maybe cleaning off the laundry a little bit by her bed. So it's not just a sliver of You know and have my anxiety kind of start take care of itself so that I'm able to calm down a little bit Yeah, because when you when you were in that kind of state of hypnosis and you're doing those active tasks and your mind your body reacts in a way that's you know, it's calming down and when you kind of decide, okay, I'm done. I'm ready to come back to real life and open my eyes and start living again your brain remembers Oh that anxiety. You had member you clean that up a little bit and the more you kind of weeded your garden so to speak so you feel a little lighter. Yeah that yeah, I love that. So anyways, just saying yeah something to think about guys. Hope you try it. Yeah, because it's funny and sometimes you need to laugh when you are having a panic attack. So anyways, but we hope you guys enjoyed this episode. We want you also to send us. Please please please please we have one story that's been sent to us that we're going to read in a future episode. But we want to have a couple of more. So if you have crazy weird stories, it can be literally about anything can be somehow you made light of something just a crazy ass story or like you're never going to believe this. It could be about you. It could be about a friend. We don't know your life. So who cares anyway, send that to us it laughs. It's funny podcast at gmail.com and we will be happy to read those on are also don't forget to subscribe to our podcast on whatever platform you're Earning and give us a review if you like what you hear. So that's all we got. Yeah, that's it guys. We will see you next time. Have a great one. Bye.